### Aaron's Empire 2 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-06-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Aaron's prequel to Rulers of Terrace View 

* * *

**Part 2**

**Feedback appreciated!**

I’ll never know how, but I eventually fall asleep. I dream of playing
baseball. I wake up to horrible pain.

“Morning,” Kyle says.

“Holy shit this hurts,” I say, looking at my ankle. I throw an arm over my
face to hide the anguish.

“I’ll get Mal and coach,” Greg says, and I hear the door close. I sigh.

“This sucks so bad,” I say, my voice cracking. I think of what my father is
going to say, which adds nausea to my growing list of ailments. Kyle pats my
arm.

“I wish I could say something to make it better,” he finally says. Silence
fills the room again with a deafening vastness.

“Me too,” I admit. “My dad…” I groan.

“Does he know?” Kyle asks. I laugh in response as I hear Greg return. I
uncover my face and prop myself up on my elbows. Both Mal and coach enter the
room.

“How are you this morning? How is the pain?” Mal asks me with a tone of
concern.

“Absolutely terrible, to both questions,” I answer.

“I’m sorry,” she says. Mal sits and unwraps my ankle carefully.

“Holy shit,” I hear coach say. I don’t look at my leg. I do, however, look at
the faces of the people around me, and the reflection of horror in their eyes
as they look at my injury. Even Mal’s face looks bleak. I sigh.

“He needs to go home, get a cast, get rest,” Mal begins to say things I can’t
bear to hear.

“Coach, we have one more game before we go home, what difference will a few
hours make?” I ask. Coach looks back at Mal, who shrugs.

“He does have a point,” she admits. I exhale and Mal gives me pain meds that I
consume immediately. They step out and we get dressed, me in normal clothes
and my friends in their uniforms. Mal then wraps my ankle up fully, and it is
much heavier. She folds up my pant leg to look semi-neat. And my pain begins
to decrease for the first time since I hurt myself.

“Game time,” Kyle says with a smile. I look at them enviously, and grab my
crutches.

“How slim are my chances with your sister?” Doug asks. I limp onto the field
with the team, towards the dugout while our opponents use the field to warm
up. As I am focusing on my footing, I realize a baseball is flying my way. I
look over and see Mason Anderson look up from a focus on my injured leg, which
is facing the field and in the path of a baseball. I try to pull my injury
back from the path of the ball but I am just too slow and the ball smashes
into the front part of my right foot.

The pain is not quite like anything I have witnessed before. Colors and
explosions of sounds and lights block all my thoughts and the overwhelming
pain I feel is enough to block those things that block all my thoughts. I am
cursing, and I am on the ground. I become vaguely aware of my surroundings. I
am on the ground, grabbing my ankle, and someone is grabbing at me. It’s Mal.
She’s speaking to me too, but I can’t hear because I’m distracted by body-
paralyzing pains and the massive team rival fight that is occurring to our
immediate left. I try to gather myself and listen to her.

“Aaron, we have to go, come on,” she is saying loudly, frantically, over the
sounds of the row. Some people are trying to break up the fighting but most
seem pretty content with the violence.

Mal and coach Kevin help me up slowly, and give me my crutches. I am still so
confused and lost and nearly blinded by the pain. From nowhere, the pain hits
again, this time catching me off guard. Even my good leg is affected I
realize, as I begin to slump backwards after my knee gives out... once again.
Luckily Mal is behind me and yells to Kevin. They each duck under my arms and
each pick up a half of me before I even get close to the ground. I am so
embarrassed that I have to close my eyes to try and pretend this is not
happening.

“What the fuck happened?” Coach is storming us, looking completely outraged.

“Well, one of the boys on the other team hit Aaron with the ball… hit his
ankle,” Kevin responds, nodding towards my now completely destroyed ankle.

“WHAT?” Coach becomes even angrier at this and sets his sights on the opposing
team. We stay stationary for a few moments after he flies away.

“Let’s go,” Mal says.

“Oh right.”

We exit the field.

I try to push the tears of pain away again. I am successful for now. Mal and
Kevin put me down on a chair in the lobby. My injured ankle is placed on the
ottoman. I absently chew on my thumb nail, focusing on a spot on the wall. The
spot was my pain-free zone. I’ve had to try so many different pain-coping
strategies over the years. Loving to play sports is almost a death sentence. I
become aware that Mal and Kevin have left me, but I don’t mind.

I don’t know how much time passes until the team is around me, but I am pulled
away from my pain-free zone by Kyle.

“What?” I snap.

“You alright?”  
“Do I fucking look alright?” I growl at him. The entire lobby is silent. I
raise a shaking hand to my

forehead. “I’m sorry,” I say, softly this time. “I’m sorry, I’m taking out my
anger on people who don’t deserve it.” I drop my hand. Kyle puts a hand on my
shoulder. I give him a weak smile.

“If it wasn’t broken before, it sure as hell is now,” I say to the team.
Everyone is silent, including coach. I look at my ankle, each painful throb a
reminder that my father was going to have a field day with this. I lift a
shaking hand again, this time grabbing the bridge of my nose.

“What Mason Anderson did is assault, Aaron,” Mal says to me.

“You can press charges if you want,” Coach chimes in. The room is silent as I
think, dropping my hand.

“No,” I say, shaking my head a little. “I’ll deal with him in my own way,” I
say. We all know what that means. My punishments range in severity. No one
dares stop me though, my father is Cooper Jeffers, CEO and founder of the
company that keeps the pathetic town of Terrace View PA alive. I am the heir
to his Terrace view kingdom.

“I’ll see if the hotel has a wheelchair we can use,” coach Kevin says.

“No, I’m fine,” I protest, climbing to my foot carefully. A few of my
teammates grab my arms to help stabilize me.

“Remember what happened last time you tried to walk?” Mal asks me.

“I’m fine,” I growl, and shrug off the guys. They let go. Mal shoots a look my
way. I ignore it as some of the guys bring me my crutches.

“Is the bus ready?” Greg asks Coach.

“I’ll check,” Kevin volunteers, and leaves. I lean on my crutches, suddenly
regretting standing up before I knew if we could even go.

“You alright?” Greg asks me, looking at me in a particular way that Greg can
look. He uncovers all of my lies and secrets with this one look. He knows I’m
being a stubborn prick, but he also knows this is an annoying habit I can’t
seem to shake. My mother used to tell me that I inherited that certain
personality trait from my father.

I like to pretend that I am nothing like my father, when, in fact, the
opposite is true. I’ve never been a gentle soul like my mother. I can only
ever admit this to myself, and only during the situations that turn my
attention inward. In this particular situation I have no choice but to face my
own shortcomings, I consider my semblance to my father one of these.

Kevin pokes his head around the corner and we all look.

“It’s ready, let’s get moving,” he yells to us. The initial excitement makes
many of my teammates run. Greg and Kyle stand their ground near me. I nod to
them, and slowly make my way to our nice, newly upgraded bus, product of
Cooper Jeffers’s generous donation to the school and the sports department.

The team all waits for me to board first. I don’t know why, but this happens
every time we board the bus. I am assisted up the stairs on the bus and into a
seat to myself, where I can elevate my injury. I look out the window and see
something shiny in the reflection. I look down, my necklace is out of my
shirt. There is a single white gold band on a sterling silver chain. I tuck
the necklace into my shirt. In addition, I usually wear a ring that was my
mom’s father’s, but it pinches if I try to wear it while using crutches. I
also am wearing a hemp bracelet that my sister gave to me.

I look past my reflection in the window and out at the rolling hills around
me. Not quite mountains, but hills. Raindrops hit the windows as everyone gets
seated. I lean on the armrest and gaze out the window farther. I chew on my
thumbnail as my ankle sends out waves of pain. I know what I’m going to have
to battle when I get home.

Everyone around me is chattering excitedly. Most of them are probably happy to
go home. Mine is always a battlefield.

Cooper is waiting at the school in his Rolls Royce. He had been called and
informed of everything by Coach. I begin to feel a familiar misery.

“Talk to you soon, if I’m still alive,” I say to Kyle and Greg before limping
off the bus. My father is smugly holding my luggage.

“Let me get this for you, son,” he says with a wink. I feel instantly
nauseated. In despair, I limp after him, my entire body feeling sore and
tired. Cooper tries to help me in after he puts my bag in the trunk, but shrug
off his hand roughly, so roughly that I almost fall over. And reflexively my
father puts out a hand to catch me, which makes me scramble madly to stay
upright. In my determination, I not only put my injured ankle down on the
ground, but I put weight on it as well.

I realize how much of an idiot I am as the pain paralyzes me and my good leg
gives out. My father does catch me under the arms, and smoothly swings me into
the passenger seat. I can feel people staring, so I drop my head and shade my
face with one hand while my father puts my legs in the car for me. I am now in
severe pain and have suffered public humiliation within the first 10 minutes
Cooper is around.

_This is my life,_ I think sadly as he closes the door and walks around the
car. I now lean on an armrest and gently rub the bridge of my nose. This pain
is going to give me a headache. Pain breeds more pain. Cooper slams the car
door and I wince.

“Stop being such a drama queen,” he says like a snotty preteen. I take my hand
away from my face and simply look at him. Sometimes I have a difficult time
believing he is a real human.

“…I can’t hear your douchebagery over the sound of my broken ankle.”

“One would think you would be used to this shit by now,” he responds.

“Remember that one time in your entire life that you broke a bone? It was your
collarbone,” I say darkly.

“I remember. What’s your point Aaron?”

“Would you ever _get used_ to that?” He is silent. Silence with Cooper is like
witnessing some extremely rare meteor shower. It’s precious.

“And you still haven’t learned your lesson by now,” he says.

“Shhhhhh,” I say loudly. “You ruined the beautiful moment we were having… that
precious moment when we weren’t communicating.”

“Sometimes I think I had three daughters,” he shoots back.

“And sometimes I wish I had two mothers.”

“Well you don’t even have one.”

I am silent, chewing my thumb nail. After more moments of precious silence I
slump and lean back in the seat, closing my eyes.

“Does it hurt, son?” he asks, breaking the beautiful silence.

“What the fuck do you think?” I ask ominously.

“Hey!” he snaps at me. I am not afraid of him, though. He knows this. I am
stronger and smarter than him. We speed up the driveway to our six car garage.

“Maybe you should think about other career choices,” he begins.

“Kill me, just kill me right now.”

“What do you want tonight Aaron, a fucking Oscar? Cut the shit.”

“Then read my lips, Cooper,” I say, looking him square in the eye. “I am going
to do what I want to do with my life.”

“That’s not why we had you though, son.”

“What a fucking shame.” I throw open the door and scramble to get out of the
car although it’s still moving. Cooper slams on the breaks.

“What are you doing?!”

“Getting away from you!” I’m in such a scramble to get away I fall, and the
pain gives the all-too familiar paralytic effect. I see two of the house
employees run out to me with a wheelchair.

How nice, my father actually told them what happened. I sit up and look at my
father. His eyes burn into me. And then I figure out too slowly what he is
going to do. He slams on the gas and I only manage to move my left foot out
from under the car. The back wheel crushes my right foot’s toes. I scream,
loudly.

