### Rulers of Terrace View 20 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-06-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Even I can't stop this love train on its roll, hope you enjoy. 

* * *

**Part 20***

**Feedback appreciated!**

And I do go after him. I gather my things and give my brother a smile and nod
before I leave the house so he doesn’t worry. So he doesn’t worry? I’ve never
had to concern myself with that before, because I haven’t witnessed it much
before. But now, all the rules have changed. Hell, even the entire game has
changed.

Max looks at me with an untrusting expression on his face. He tries to keep
his face neutral, but I can see passed it; I am his sister after all. I ignore
it and continue out the door, making sure my cell phone is in the pocket of my
black capris. I continue to the bus stop and sit on the bench, waiting. I take
out my phone and look at it, hoping something new from Aaron has appeared. It
hasn’t.

Instead I am met with old messages from Janie and Kevin and Hanna. I look up
from my phone into nothingness, lost in the confusion haze that Aaron dropped
on me. I still feel the need to do something- anything, to help. But I am
confused as to why Aaron resists everyone so much. I know that maybe he felt
that I was exposing a weakness- but I get a gut feeling that his behavior is
rooted in some much deeper cause.

Cause he won’t let me in. Either he won’t let me in or I am being an idiot and
completely missing what is right in front of me. Both options are very
plausible. He still seems so mysterious to me. When I look up, the bus is
approaching my stop. The overcast skies release a sprinkle of rain as I stand
to board the bus.

When the bus stops and opens the doors I climb on without a second thought. I
sit in an empty seat and immediately look out the window at the water running
slowly down the glass. Someone sits in the seat next to me at the next stop. I
don’t pay him much attention, but I do think it’s pretty odd he sat right next
to me in a bus full of empty seats. He offers me a mint, and I decline.

At the stop near Aaron’s house, I get up, and the guy next to me also climbs
to his feet. But he leaves first. I follow him down the aisle and we demount
the bus. I begin to walk towards Aaron’s house when I hear the man say,

“Um, excuse me, miss,” I turn, knowing we are the only two people around right
now. He is holding up a wallet towards me and as I approach him, I realize
that it isn’t mine. He springs forward and elbows me in the face so hard I
fall backwards. I am stunned and momentarily mute so I open my mouth to scream
but nothing comes out. My attacker pounces on me and punches me right in my
unprotected, vulnerable face. My head bounces off the sidewalk. My left eye is
now closed and I can feel and taste blood somehow.

There are more things happening around me but I have somehow lost the ability
to recognize the events taking place. All I can hear are slurred and muffled
sounds and all I see are mixing colors and abstract shapes. And everything
goes black.

But things regain focus again and I can see, but not well yet. I am being…
carried. And I am heading towards Aaron’s house. _Oh shit._ I resist. My body
aches for some reason. I try to get away but I am way too weak to fight
whatever force is carrying me towards Aaron’s mansion. I don’t want him to see
me like this though. I don’t want anyone else to see me this royally screwed
up. I still can’t control my body. If I could, I would run far, far away.

When I open my eyes, well, eye again, I can feel that I am lying in a bed, and
movement next to me catches my eye. I can feel my left eye is swollen shut.
It’s Sadie. I turn my head sideways but a pain shoots through my head from
front to back. I flinch.

“Layla!? How do you feel?”

“My head hurts.”

“I’ll get pain medication for you.”

“Don’t… let Aaron see me like this, he’ll never…” I trail off when her eyes
focus on the ground.

“He,”

“Don’t say it.” I tell her. She opens her mouth and looks like she’s about to
tell me something I just don’t want to know. “Don’t tell me he’s trying to
shut me out again because I don’t know what I can do if that’s the case.” I am
about to continue when Sadie stands and I am startled into silence.

“Layla!” she gives me a smile. “I was just going to say that he actually can’t
be here right now because he is caught in work. And I’m worried because today
he’s been extra busy and he can’t stop even though he’s exhausted. Especially
since he feels really guilty about what happened.”

We are quiet for a few moments, and I am worried about Aaron although my body
feels like it’s been hit by a Mac truck.

I am about to talk to Sadie but the door to the room swings open. It’s Aaron.
He doesn’t look good or happy. His red hair is mussed and there are dark bags
under his eyes. He enters with effort and Sadie leaves wordlessly. Aaron sits
on the edge of the bed.

“You warned me,” I say. He looks at me sadly so I try to smile. “Lighten up!
I’m fine. I’m okay, really. Whoever did this wants to get to you through
others. He somehow knows how much you care.”

I can’t talk anymore because my head hurts so the room fills with silence like
a cloud settling around us. He looks so spent that we both know if his head
were to rest on the bed he would be asleep in an instant. However, I can see a
fire behind his worn-down exterior.

“I’m going to find whatever asshole keeps doing this shit,” he says, exposing
the fire as determination to find the person responsible for all the events
that keep happening to him. I am just a pawn in their game.

“Please, don’t kill yourself trying to find this guy.”

“I’m fine for now.”

“You look like you could collapse at any moment.”

“I’m fine,” his voice betrays a bit of an annoyed tone. I am silent and he
brushes a strand of my hair back. We make eye contact for what seems like both
an eternity and an instant. His dark eyes pull me in and I realize I’m just
continually making an ass of myself in front of him.

“I’m sorry,” I say, dropping my eyes. And he begins to laugh, hard. I watch
him, genuinely confused, but basking in the sound of his laugh.

“Why are you sorry? You haven’t done anything. I dragged _you_ into this. I’m
sorry. I’m so sorry.” His amusement turns to sadness.

“I came after you to try to help. Instead I’ve only caused another problem for
you.” I explain my deserved apology.

“You haven’t caused a problem, you’ve only served as a reminder of a rather
large, pre-existing problem that I’ve been neglecting. This has both nothing
and everything to do with you, but absolutely none of it is your fault so
please don’t apologize.” He is silent and looks out the window for a moment.
“But… now I have no idea how I am going to handle it all myself. Cooper is
helping with this, but he’s almost as busy as me. I have to figure something
out.”

There is a knock on the door and I flinch.

“What?” Aaron snaps loudly and the door opens. His volume makes my head ring
and I flinch again. He looks at me and notices his mistake. Instead of an
awkward, drawn-out apology like I performed when we first met, he simply puts
his hand on the side of my face gently. His warm, big hand feels good holding
the side of my head.

“I’m so sorry,” he says softly and kindly. His dark eyes look gentle and
sincere. I give him a smile.

“I’m fine,” I say, waving my hand.

We both look over at a young man I’ve never seen before in the doorway. He’s
very handsome, with black hair and stunning green eyes. He is wearing an
expensive-looking outfit. Meanwhile, I notice Aaron is still wearing his
school uniform, but now his necklace is hidden. I catch a whiff of his scent.
He smells so good.

“Tony,” he begins to say, but Aaron holds up his hand. The guy falls silent
and Aaron drops all fingers but the first two.

“Two minutes,” he says, shooting the green-eyed hottie a look. The young man
nods and retreats without another word. I look at Aaron again, now forcing
myself to sit up. I wince when the pain in my head spikes. He is looking at me
closely. I find though, that sitting up is helping to alleviate my dull,
powerful headache.

“What’s happening?” I ask him. Aaron is silent for a few moments and then
looks at me.

“I have a lot of shit going on right now.”

“I want to help you!”

“I want you to stay out of it.” When he says this, his face becomes serious,
and he looks away.

“Can’t I do _anything_ to help you?” I know I’m such a stupid, desperate
lovesick girl for this guy. He looks at me now, quietly. But then he picks up
his crutches and stands to leave.

“Yeah you can do something.” He is looking at me solemnly. “You can go home as
soon as you’re able where you’ll be safe until everything blows over.”

He makes it sound like it’s all going to be so simple. But I know that he’s
going to pay the price for resolving the situation. He’s so damned stubborn! I
understand that he has been put in a terrible situation. He’s hurt, tired, and
it’s been one thing after another. But he needs to let someone else help him
right now because his AI, Mira, can’t. Even with Cooper’s help they don’t
stand a snowball’s chance in hell of ever getting all Aaron’s work done alone.

Even since I met him, my life has been far from normal. And I can see how hard
he works, seemingly without ever catching a break. Perhaps Cooper can talk him
into accepting professional help again.

“Someone will drive you home when you’re ready,” Aaron says, snapping me back
to reality and then heading tiredly towards the door.

“Wait!” I say, swinging my legs out of the bed. I stand slowly, scared that I
won’t be able to handle whatever pain is about to be thrown my way. My body
doesn’t hurt too much, but my head and my face are severely sore and parts are
swollen. Aaron stops and looks back as I approach. He watches me carefully,
right up until I plant my lips on his.

He doesn’t pull away like I almost expect from him since he never lives by
anyone else’s rules. But he doesn’t pull back. I feel his hand on my lower
back, he gently pulls my hips towards his. Aaron closes his eyes and when we
naturally pull apart a few moments later he gives me a smile from the corner
of his mouth.

“Everything will be okay, LB,” he winks and then turns and leaves the room. I
know he was calling me little butterfly again, and my cheeks are immediately
enflamed when I think about it.

I sit on the bed again, and fight the urge to yell at him. He is perfectly
content allowing me to suffer, away from his side, completely oblivious of the
events that will happen here. And from the way Aaron looks, he is going to
collapse sooner or later. I just hope that it happens later, when I can do my
best to help him again. I can claim with 99.9% certainty that I will just
obsess about what _is_ happening here after I go home. I will be useless, only
stuck worrying and obsessing over how the Jeffers family is doing. I got it
bad. I am deeply under their spell.

It’s weird that through this fact I feel oddly connected to the other citizens
of this town. We all have that in common, no matter who we are.

I think about trying to find someone around here that can keep an eye on Aaron
and give me updates. Grace? I need to find someone, anyone. I stumble to the
door and open it. I know Aaron’s house well enough now to know where I am.

I notice someone sitting in a chair at the end of the hallway. It’s a middle-
aged woman I’ve seen before a few times who looks like she is of Asian
descent. She sees me and approaches. Aaron. He planted her there. He’s too
smart.

“Are you ready for me to take you home?” I give in to Aaron’s wishes and nod.

My family is waiting for me to come home soon probably anyways. I don’t give
up all hope, though. I text Grace.

_Do you know where Aaron is?_ I text her, and continue to slightly limp down
the hallway. And though my head is spinning by the time we reach the car, I
make it there somehow. The lady opens the door for me and I give her a smile
for thanks but there is a sharp pain in my cheek and face so I quickly stop
smiling. I check out my face in the passenger’s side vanity mirror and see
that I have a black eye that is swollen shut and another large bruise on my
cheek below it.

There is also a cut on my forehead and although it all looks pretty bad, I
have to focus on what I am going to tell my family. I was jumped. Plain and
simple. No, then people will just assume it has to do with Aaron. I was
attacked by a random crazy homeless man. I decide to stick with this plan as
the worker pulls the car into my driveway and I hop out quickly, hoping she
will leave before anyone sees the car.

I begin to head towards my house when I remember the man on the bus and I look
around, feeling paranoid. There are only kids playing in their front yard a
few houses down.

I continue on, and my phone buzzes in my pocket. Aaron?!  
It’s Grace. _I heard someone say he went somewhere for a meeting._

_ Please, if you hear anything else let me know. _I text her phone back. I
allow myself to wonder about what Aaron is doing. I want to text him right now
more than I’ve ever wanted to do anything. But I’m not going to. Everything is
on _his_ terms, and I can accept that. I don’t have a choice.

Although, I am slightly resentful that he is leaving me here to suffer like
this, going crazy over my own ignorance. Maybe he’ll make it up to me soon.
Maybe I can hold it over his head. But probably not. He is, after all, pushing
himself so hard because he feels guilty that I got involved. Teasing him about
it would be cruel, even though I think what he is doing to me can be
classified as cruelty too. He is sending me to be alone with myself. Dear
Lord. _I_ can’t even handle me alone for long periods of time.

