### Missing Him 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Don't know where I'm going with this, but I hope it turns out well! 

* * *

Abigail's POV

I stay in my hiding place until he leaves. I watch as he rides away on his
bike. I step out from the woods and walk home. As I lay in bed at night, I
think about him. About us. I want to be friends again, but he’ll never consent
to that. I don’t have the same social status. I don’t go to parties, I don’t
dress in crop tops and slut shorts, I don’t go to basketball games, I don’t
date anyone, I don’t have sex with a bunch of random guys from school, I don’t
flirt, I don’t cheat on tests, I don’t go downtown after school, I don’t bring
a café mocha latte to school in the mornings, and I am not popular. I am the
geeky high honors student who paints dark paintings. There is not one painting
that isn't dark in some way, shape, or form. I express my life through my art.
And right now, my life is crap. Shit. Depressing. However you want to put it,
they all mean the same thing.

I’m messed up.

* * *

Hart’s POV

As soon as I see the portrait of myself, I immediately know that Abigail had
painted it. I know without even looking at her signature in the bottom right
corner. Only _she_ can paint and capture me like that: without my mask on. She
knows I hate basketball, but I do it because I’m good at it and my father was
so proud of me when I was accepted onto the team. Abigail knows that I try
extremely hard to make my father proud of me, and have been trying for sixteen
years. He blames me for my mother’s death. She died when I was born—I was born
two weeks early. He says that she would’ve survived if I’d been born when I
was supposed to have been born. But his blaming stopped when I joined to team.
He stopped insulting me. He stopped treating me like I’m worthless. He stopped
acting like I was invisible. Now, he always has a smile on his face when he
sees me in my jersey.

I take the portrait home with me and hang it on my wall above my bed. I need
Abigail to be my friend again. I can’t carry on like this forever. I can’t
make my father believe that I love basketball until he dies. Abigail is the
only one who understands. I feel horrible for leaving her out of my life, but
it’s the only way to avoid my dad’s verbal abuse. It’s selfish; I know. Ever
since middle school, we’ve been drifting apart until it was almost as if we
didn’t know each other. She’s known as a geek now. The people I hang out with,
my ‘friends,’ call her Geeky Gail.

I want to see Abigail again. I want to be her friend again. Actually, I want
to be more than just her friend, but that’ll never happen. I first realized my
crush on her in second grade. As the years passed by, that love grew and now
she’s completely captured my heart. I can’t stand when we pass in the halls
and don’t even meet each other’s eyes. I wish she would say even one word to
me. I want to hear her voice again. I haven’t heard Abigail’s voice in three
years, since our freshman year. Now, as a junior, I’m craving her company
every day, every night, and every second of every minute of every hour of
every day.

I lay in bed, thinking about what might happen if I talk to her tomorrow in
the hallway. I know her locker number and her combination; I’ve seen her
spinning the lock plenty of times. Enough times to memorize her combination.
Maybe I could communicate with her silently, without anyone knowing. I could
leave a note…that could work.

“Oh, Abigail,” I whisper as I close my eyes. “How can I make you see me as
your friend and not Hart Toscano, the basketball star of the Tristan High
team? How can I become your friend again?”

