### What You Don't Know Chap. 4 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

**WROTE CHAP 3 ON MY PHONE SO THATS WHY IT IS SHORT ALONG WITH THIS ONE. BARE WITH ME. **

* * *

"Mommy, can I ask something?" Austin climbed onto my lap while I was busy
typing out an essay for my ECE class. My eyes widened because I thought Austin
was upstairs playing with his sisters.

"Yes baby, ask me anything," I smiled gently. I loved that for four year olds,
they could keep up with a conversation. They definitely weren't missing on the
english language.

"The other kids at school were talking about their daddies," he started, his
eyes up on me. "And we don't have a daddy, mommy. Why don't we have a daddy?"

Holy..fucking..shit.

My heart literally dropped into my stomach and I forced myself to take a deep
breath.

What could I possibly tell a four year old? At least to put this conversation
on hold for a couple of more years.

"Well see, baby, your daddy is taking care of you from up in the sky," I
decided to go with the truth.

"What is he doing up there?" Austin frowned and raised an eyebrow.

"The man up in the sky, that we all call God, wanted your daddy to help him
from there so they can take care of you and your sisters," I breathed out. "Do
you understand?"

"I think so," he nodded slowly, as if taking in the information. "Will I ever
have a daddy to play with me? It gets pretty boring playing dolls with Aubrey
and Audrey." I laughed and kissed his forehead.

"I will try my mighty best to get you a daddy so he can play with you, okay?"

"Yes mommy." And just like that, he was gone. He had jumped off my lap and ran
up the stairs. I smiled and shook my head. I was pretty sure he'd tell his
sisters everything I just told him.

I finished typing my essay and printed it out, putting it safely in my bag,
away from the kids' dirty hands. They were definitely something else, without
touching much they could make a huge mess.

For the next couple of classes, I managed to stay away from Professor Poland
although I'd be lying if I didn't think of his hands on my body and his breath
fanning my skin. Why did he do that to me? How could he? He was my professor
dammit, he couldn't just drive one of his students crazy.

It took almost all my control not to run to him and beg him to touch me again.
Not to pull me against his body and breathe into my ear like he did before.

For a virgin, I knew my body and I knew that this body that belonged to me was
craving for a man called Nate Poland.

He was driving me insane. That was it. It had to be! I couldn't sit in class
without him throwing a heated look my way. I was determined to talk to him
after class. Afterall, English was cancelled.

The class ended and everyone filed out, leaving my professor and I alone.

"Miss Duncan," he grabbed a few pieces of paper and walked for his office. I
followed him and closed the door gently behind me

"What do you want from me?" I blurted out. He stopped in his tracks and
tensed, but he kept his back to me. "Nate, what do you want from me?"

"Ryleigh," he cleared his throat and turned slowly, our eyes meeting. "I think
it is best if you leave my office now. I will see you in our next class."

"I am not leaving until you explain to me what it is that you want," I stared
into his eyes, for once dropping my wall and allowing him to see how much I
needed a simple touch from him. "Please."

His jaw clenched and his eyes roamed my body slowly, taking in the black
bodycon dress and the red bottom pump heels.

"Nate." It only took me to say his name for him to react. He dropped the
papers and in two big steps was in front of me, grabbing my waist and pulling
me hard to him.

He said nothing as he looked deep into my eyes, making me feel like he was
staring at my soul. My lips parted as his hands tightened at my waist.

How could this feel so good? So right? His hands on me? Me in his arms? How?
God! HOW!?

"Oh baby," he whispered a half a second before he lowered his head and took my
lips in his.

It wasn't my first kiss but it might as well be because my first kiss was
nothing like this, could never be like this. My body reacted to this simple
kiss as if it depended on it to continue living.

Without me fully giving my body permission, it melted against his body. My
eyes had closed shut, my hands had slid up his arms, resting on the hard
muscle known as triceps and my lips responded fully to his kiss.

It felt so fucking...perfect...natural.

Nate slowly backed us up until I was pressed against the wall and that's when
he kissed me harder, more passionately and I kissed him back with just as much
hunger.

His tongue licked over my bottom and I granted him permission to enter my
mouth and as soon as my lips parted, his tongue was stroking against my own.

A moan slipped from me and I arched into his body. But that one movement
caused him to move back. Not a step but about ten steps until he was on the
other side of the office.

We were both breathing hard and I was staring at him, not wanting to feel the
rejection.

He wasn't looking at me. He wouldn't look at me. His eyes were on the floor. I
don't think the floor was so interesting though.

"Could it be possible?" He asked.

"Could what be possible?"

The minute his head raised and he looked at me with those cold, hard blue
eyes, I lost my breath, not in a good way.

"That William Hutcherson was correct about you?" A smirk formed on his lips
and I felt the tears filling my eyes. The last thing I ever thought could
happen was him, agreeing with dickhead.

For a second, I thought I saw regret in his eyes but that all changed when he
opened his mouth to finish breaking me. "That you, Ryleigh Duncan, can be a
slut. Your body reacted in a way that only a slut could react Miss Duncan. And
it is no figure that you are one since you have triplets...tell me Miss
Duncan, where is the father of your triplets? Did he see he made a mistake
ever fucking you, taking you into his bed? Or was it the other way around? Did
you seduce him into your bed?"

I was speechless as I stood there, looking into his cold eyes. Nobody has ever
looked at me with such disgust and I knew I had made a mistake ever coming
into this office with him.

The tears had slipped without me knowing but I forced a smile and nodded. His
jaw clenched and he continued staring at me.

"If only you knew Professor Poland....if only you knew." I turned and walked
out his office, barely making it out the classroom before I bursted into
tears. I rushed to the parking lot, ignoring the looks of the students. In my
car, I sobbed and cried out.

How could they be so wrong? I was a fucking virgin. Those kids weren't fucking
my kids!!!

NO.

That is where I am wrong. Austin, Audrey and Aubrey were mine. They were mine,
even if I didn't give birth to them.

Fuck Poland. Fuck dickhead. Fuck everybody but my kids, my babies, my fucking
triplets.

