### What You Don't Know Chap. 5 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

"Mommy, do you feel okay?" Aubrey asked. "You look sad."

"Mommy is just tired from so much work at school," I smiled at her as I served
them their dinner. Tonight's meal was macaroni and cheese.

"Is school really hard?" Audrey asked as she took her fork in her hand.

"As you grow, it will get harder," I nodded and finished serving our dinner.
"Now eat so then we can take you three a bath and get ready to watch our
movie."

"Will we have snacks again this time?" Austin asked.

"Yeah like popcorn!" Audrey cheesed.

"And cheese doodles!" Aubrey joined in.

"Ok, only if you finish you dinner," I smiled. That shut them up and got them
to eat. A week had passed since the incident in the office and since then, I
have avoided making eye contact with him. Sometimes I could feel his eyes on
me but I forced myself to play cool and go by my way.

My body hadn't fully gotten the memo. We weren't supposed to want him, we
weren't supposed to want more of his kisses but we were needing it, we were
needing him.

I couldn't. I wouldn't embarass myself like that. I was grateful that we were
getting a week off for the countries benefit. I just had to go and give in two
papers and I'll be free for a week with my kids.

That night, we had a movie night in my room and we all fell asleep in my bed.

In the morning, I got all of us ready so we could go to my school to drop off
my papers and then we'd go for breakfast at McDonald's.

"Oh my God, they are so cute," a student said as she passed by us. I smiled at
her and held my kids' hands as we made it to English first. I handed in my
essay and then went for ECE.

Professor Poland was standing by his deak, with a paper in his hands.

"Mommy, look the tall guy from the supermarket!" Austin gasped as he ran
forward, locking himself around my professor's leg.

Professor Poland's eyes widened as he looked down at Austin before looking up
at me. His face fell but he forced a smile for the kids.

"Can you pick me up?" Aubrey cheesed. "I wanna see how tall you are."

"Aubrey!" I scowled. "Baby, you know that's not okay!"

"No, it's fine," Professor Poland said softly picked up Aubrey. Audrey
followed and he picked her up too, holding them to him.

"Wow!!! Mommy we're taller than you even in your heels," Audrey giggled. "You
are really tall mister!"

"Hey! I want to go up too!" Austin unlocked himself from the professor's leg
and raised his arms. I had no idea how Professor Poland made it possible, but
he also grabbed Austin, having all three of my kids in his arms.

Tears were filling my eyes at how happy my triplets looked in the arms of the
man that hurt their mommy. I swallowed and blinked back my tears.

"My essay," I whispered, putting it on his desk. "Triplets, we need to go."

"Aww mommy, we're having fun with the tall guy," Austin pouted. "Can we stay?
Please?"

"A little longer!" Aubrey wrapped her arms around the man's neck.

He looked at ease as he smiled at them before lowering his eyes to me. I
should no emotion as our eyes met.

"No, mommy said we need to go and we're leaving. We have to go eat breakfast
at McDonald's. Now say goodbye to the tall man and let's go!" I sighed.

"Aww, okay, buh bye mister," Aubrey kissed his cheek. Audrey kissed the other
and Austin cheesed at him.

"Buh bye tall man!" Austin smiled

"Buh bye triplets," Professor Poland gave them a sincere smile and my heart
clenched at how they hugged him. "Go with your mommy now."

He settled them on the floor and they made their way to me. His eyes met mine
though and he looked over my face. I blinked and turned, helping them out the
door. I breathed out finally as we made it safely to the elevator.

Throughout the entire day the triplets wouldn't stop talking about the tall
man/mister. They were driving me crazy. I wanted to tell them to never ever
speak of him but I couldn't.

That night, after they were fast asleep, I was watching TV in the living room
when the doorbell rang. I sighed as I looked at the time. A few minutes to
ten.

Who the hell could be at my door?

Looking through the peephole, I saw him, Nate.

I held my breath as I squeezed my eyea shut. He rang the doorbell again and I
pulled it open before be woke my kids up.

I said nothing as he stood there in a black polo shirt and white jeans. I had
my robe on, with my satin pajama dress underneath.

He raised a toy and I recognized it as Austin's favorite toy soldier. "I
believe this belongs to your son." His voice was gentle and deep and I had to
breathe in before I melted.

I took the toy soldier from him and nodded. "Thanks." His eyes looked down at
my lips when I spoke before looking down my body and back up to my eyes. "Is
that all?"

"I have a proposition for you," he said quietly. "You want sex, I want sex, we
have this sexual tension between us, why don't we give in to that for one
night?" Those words hit me harder than when he actually called me a slut.

I did the only thing I could do, I smacked him so hard, I knew he saw stars.

"Go to hell." I went to close the door but he pushed it open and glared at me.

"Stop playing hard to get and do what you want to do to me Ryleigh. Fuck me
like I know you're dying too!" He snapped.

"Fuck you?" I sniffled as the tears fell down my eyes. I hated that I had to
cry in front of him. "Is that what you think I want from you Professor
Poland?"

"What more could someone like you want from me? Money?" He tilted his head in
confusion and anger.

How was it possible that he continued to hurt me with more of his words? I
didn't think it was possible.

My heart was beating fast, it was clenching in my chest and it literally hurt.

"Ryleigh, I'm trying to give us both what we want, a night full of sex, I am
pretty sure you'll blow my mind with your experience and I'll blow yours as
well," he just couldn't stop breaking me.

"Go away Professor Poland. Do us both a favor and dissappear," I shook my
head, dissappointed in him and in myself for ever trusting him and believing
that he wouldn't judge me by the cover.

"So you don't want to give into this sexual attraction?" His eyes looked deep
into mine and I chuckled as I rolled my eyes.

"Is there something going on here?" Justin's voice spoke from behind Nate.
They were both about the same size and built the same which scared me for a
second. Nate turned and his eyes landed on Justin.

"Are you the father of her triplets?" He askes Justin. Justin gave him a
stupid look and turned his to me. He saw the tears on my face and glared at
Nate.

"That is none of your fucking business. What are you doing here and what the
fuck did you do to Ryleigh?" Justin took a step forward, his hands balled in
fists.

"I don't think that is any of your business." Nate didn't know what he was
getting himself involved in.

"What are you doing here?" Justin took a glimpse at me. "My kids are sleeping
here and I want to know what the hell a stranger is doing here!"

Nate smirked and looked down at me before looking back at my brother. "So
you're the father of the triplets, what? Didn't wanna put a ring on her finger
because she's a slut?" I gasped a Justin didn't take more than a second to
launch himself at Nate.

The hits sounded really painful, sounded like it hurt a lot. Nate took them
for a second before reacting and punching Justin back.

"Stop it!" I snapped. "Justin!!!" They didn't even listen to me. They just
continue to punch each other as if thia was a boxing match.

I could see blood, didn't know who it belonged too but I was getting scared.

"STOP!!" I screamed. Justin pushed Nate and he fell into the bushes, getting
ready to jump up for more hits.

"RYLEIGH IS NOT A FUCKING SLUT! SHE'S MY FUCKING SISTER YOU FUCKING MORON.
THOSE KIDS ARE NOT MY FUCKING KIDS AND GUESS WHAT, NEITHER ARE THEY HERS!"
Justin growled as he grabbed Nate by the shirt and pulled him up. Nate was
dazed as he stared at my brother, eyes wide. Blood coming out from a cut on
his upper eye.

"What?" Nate whispered as his eyes landed on me.

"You heard me. Those aren't her kids. She's not a fucking slut neither,"
Justin pushed Nate away from him.

Nate's face fell as he stared at me, a deep frown on his face. "Ryleigh, oh
God, Ryleigh," he whispered as he took a step forward. "Ryleigh, I'm so
sorry." I smirked and shook my head.

"I told you if only you knew the truth," I shrugged. I grabbed Justin's hand
and pulled him to my side. "Go home Nate. Please, and don't ever speak to me
again."

Justin did me the favor a pulling us back so he could slam the door in my
professor's devasted face.

"NOW I WANNA KNOW WHO THE FUCK THAT WAS!"

