### What You Don't Know Chap. 6 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

**Nate's POV (One and Only POV)**

I was an idiot.

Just that, a stupid idiot.

Those triplets weren't even hers. For fuck's sakes! They weren't hers!

I had stayed outside her door for another ten minutes, enough to hear her
brother shouting and yelling. I knew that door wasn't going to open anytime
soon. I definitely knew that Ryleigh wouldn't ever want to speak to me, much
less see me.

But she was going to go to class a week from now and she'll act as if nothing
ever happened, as if we never spoke, as if I never called a slut.

Shit!

I called her a slut. I let things get out of control.

Her kisses were driving me insane, her hands on my body, fuck, I wanted
nothing but to raise that dress and sink inside her. She was killing me inside
with the look she had given me, and Jesus, the way she said my name!

I knew that we didn't belong together, she was a student, she was a mother and
she didn't need my bullshit in her life. She was much better off without me, I
knew it. That right there, made me say the one word I knew that would hurt
her, make her realize she didn't need me.

Slut.

I knew she wasn't a slut, I knew it but somewhere, deep down, I was doubting
it, I was doubting that she wasn't one. Not anymore though, I can reassure
that.

When the brother had said he was the father of the kids, I got angry, pissed.
I thought, how could he not put a ring on her finger? Make her a wife! She
deserved to be a wife! I'd want her to have my fucking last name!

That was why I tempted him, I wanted to fight him. He probably won that fight,
definitely, above my eye was cut and I felt my cheek bruising.

I sat at the bar with a bottle of Vodka. I took huge sips, my eyes on the
couple dancing on the dancefloor.

If those weren't Ryleigh's kids, who were they then? Why was she raising them?
For fucks' sakes, she's only twenty-one and they had to be three or four, no
more than four.

But that just shows that she's amazing, inside and out, taking care of kids
that weren't even hers.

Fuck! What a fucking bastard I was!

Why did I let shit get too out of control? Why did I allow for it to end this
way? I had to apologize to her. But how? She didn't want anything to do with
me!

Sighing, I took another huge sip.

"Man, you should relax," the bartender stood up on the other side of the bar,
his eyes on the bottle. "You sure you don't want some juice with that?"

"No, does it look like I want juice with this?" I glared at him. He sighed and
looked up at me.

"Do I have to call for the police or something? Did you do something really
bad that has you drinking here like that?" he asked.

"No," I shook my head and took another gulp. "I didn't do anything...wait, I
think I did do something bad. I fell for one of my students." I groaned and
took another sip. I fell for Ryleigh. I fell for her and her kids. They had
forced their way into my life, into my heart, into my mind and now I wanted
nothing but to have those kids in my arms, have their mother in my arms too.

"High school student?" he raised an eyebrow. I shook my head a no and he
nodded. "College student."

"For all it helps, she's twenty one," I looked up at him. "And she's so
fucking beautiful. Long brown hair, big green eyes, a beautiful smile and a
body that any man would drool for. And she has kids, she has triplets and I
want them to be mine so badly."

"You really want to father those triplets?" the bartender drank from a bottle
of water.

"I want to be their daddy, the one they come running for when they have a
booboo or something," I swallowed more liqour and looked down at the bottle.
"But I fucked things up tonight and she's never going to forgive me."

"You didn't kill her babies' father, did you?" his eyes widened.

"No," I smirked. "I don't even know who the guy is."

"And that cut above your eye, who gave that to you?" he raised an eyebrow.

"Her brother," I chuckled and shook my head. "It was kind of a fair fight but
he definitely won."

"Her brother? Please tell me he didn't find you guys having sex or something,"
he smirked.

"Na, he didn't. We were talking outside her front door and he appeared out of
no where and I tempted him and we got into a fight," I sighed. "How do I win
her back? I want her back. I need her back."

"Um, I don't know man, I would say use her kids but that would be messed up
and will only result in a restraining order against you," he thought for a
second. "She is your student though, right? Use that in your advantage."

She was my student. I see her twice a week. And I was superior to her those
two times a week. I was going to get Ryleigh back, her and those kids and I
don't think I was going to allow anybody to keep me from her.

* * *

**Back To Ryleigh's POV**

It took an hour and a half to come my brother down. He demanded an explanation
and I gave it to him. I explained everything and it just got him even angrier.
Never have I seen Justin so pissed, he looked like he wanted to murder
someone..he wanted to murder Nate.

The week went by quicker than what I thought and I was dreading going to ECE
the following day. I wasn't ready to see Nate and I didn't want to deal with
him.

Hopefully he got the point that I wanted nothing to do with him and didn't
want him talking to me. We just had to keep up with this instructor and
student relationship for three more weeks until the final exam and that's it.

"How are the kids?" Brenda sat beside me.

"They are fine, they're happy it's about to Christmas," I smiled. "I have to
start shopping for their gifts but each year they get smarter."

"You can hide them at my apartment," she cheesed. "I can help you wrap them
up, they'll be ready for Christmas."

"Thanks Brenda, you are a life saver." Her eyes looked past me and I had a
feeling I knew what she was looking at.

"Whoa, what happened to Professor Poland?" she gasped. "Did he get into a
fight or something?" I turned and found the cut above his eye a little
swollen. He looked my way and just like that, I melted. I cursed myself out
and forced myself to look away. "Hey Professor Poland! Are you okay?"

"I'm great Brenda, thank you for asking," he responded, a smile in his voice.
Dickhead sat beside me and I had forgotten all about him. He hadn't been in
the last few classes.

"Hey," he mumbled. I gave him a nod and continued looking at the board.

The class finished quickly and I went to rush out of the class but I felt his
hand on my arm, holding me back. "We must talk Miss Duncan," he led me back to
the desk. Once everybody was out of the classroom and the door was closed, he
grabbed my arm and pulled me to his office. Once that door closed as well and
was locked, he let go of my arm and brushed his fingers through his hair.

"I have another class," I forced out.

"Ryleigh," he looked at me, our eyes met and I saw the tears in his eyes.
"Ryleigh, you don't know how sorry I am."

"Nothing would have changed your mind. If my brother hadn't went to interupt,
you would have insisted that I was a slut and only wanted to sleep with you,"
I got angry and clenched my fists. "You stupid bastard, I am a fucking virgin.
I have no fucking time to go around sexing every guy walking by me because I
have to take care of my fucking kids. And yeah, those triplets aren't mine,
they are my younger siblings but they have been my children since our parents
died. That's what you didn't fucking know, right? That a twenty one year old
slut was taking care of her siblings, raising them as if they were her own and
yeah, wanna know how I make money to take care of them? No, wait, I'll tell
you how I'm not making the money, fucking every living man."

The tears in his eyes fell as he dropped to his knees in front of me, grabbing
me by the waist and burying his face in my stomach. "Let me go you fucking
jackass! You are just like every other guy!"

"I'm sorry," he whimpered. "I'm so sorry, please Ryleigh, listen to me, just
listen to me."

"What more could you have to say?" I grabbed his hair with force and pulled
his head back so I could look down at him. "What more do you want to say? Do
you want to continue breaking me into pieces?"

"I fucking love you Ryleigh. I fell in love with you and I fell in love for
those triplets. Please, just listen to me," he sniffled. "Please. Just one
time."

My heart wanted to jump out of my chest, I felt it. I forced myself to breathe
as I waited for him to continue.

"Your kisses are like a drug to me, your body reacts to mine, it fits
perfectly against mine and I've never had that happen to me before. I've never
felt this pull towards someone so badly. I was scared, I knew I didn't deserve
you, you are too fucking good for me Ryleigh Duncan, you are way too good for
me and I had to push you away somehow, anyway I could and I knew that calling
you a slut would push you away, make you realize that you didn't need me," he
looked into my eyes. "But I am in love with you. I fucking love you Ryleigh.
You are still too good for me but I will not stop trying until I am dead. I
want to be given the chance to make you happy, to make those triplets happy,
to show you what it feels like to be loved. Just one opportunity Ryleigh,
please, just one."

I blinked back tears and looked out the window, letting go of his hair. I
couldn't allow him to hurt me and possibly hurt my kids. He had done enough
damage to my heart and the kids wouldn't be able to support the hurt. They
were just kids!

My hands reached behind me and grabbed his hands, his eyes stared at me as I
pushed his hands away and took a step back. "No Nate...no." I turned and
unlocked the door before opening it and walking through it. I closed it behind
me and took a deep breath as I walked away.

As much as I wanted to, I couldn't allow him to hurt me anymore.

