### What You Don't Know Chap. 7 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

"Triplets! We have to go to Titi Malia's house remember?" I walked into their
room. They were playing with play dough. "Babies, I just took you guys a
bath!"

They looked up with guilt written all over their beautiful faces. "We're sorry
mommy," Audrey said for all three of them.

"It's okay. Come on, lets clean you up so we can go."

Malia was throwing a brithday party for her youngest kid Jacob who was turning
eight. Her husband had brought in the zoo animals so the kids could touch them
and ride the pony and stuff.

The fall semester was over, no more school till the end of January. I was
happy that I didn't have to see his face ever again. And by him, I meant Nate
Poland. After rejecting his pleads, I never apoke another word to him. He
tried though, he tried a lot but I wouldn't pay him no mind.

I couldn't.

I had kids now and they were my first priority.

While I was driving, I listened to them arguing over who would get to ride the
pony first. I smiled as I drove pass the green light.

"NOO! I will!" Austin whined.

Just as his sisters were responding, I heard the screeching of tires and
looked to my left just in time to see a truck swerving my way.

Fear entered my system...I barely had time to react before the truck crashed
into my car, hitting only the driver's side and the front of my car. My head
slammed against the window that had exploded into pieces at the force of the
truck and my head.

I heard screaming, I smelt blood but I knew I had to check up on my kids. I
forced my head to up so I could look in the rearview mirror with blurry eyes.
The kids were physically fine, emotionally and mentally, not so much.

I quickly thanked God that the triplets were fine before I let my head fall
against the wheel and my eyes closed shut.

* * *

The whispers had started to get louder and louder and my head was pounding
from all the noise. I groaned and opened my eyes. The light hurt but I forced
myself to stare at two of the familiar faces.

Malia and Justin.

I looked around the room and frowned when I saw I was in a hospital room. An
IV was connected to my arm and I had an hospital robe on.

"The triplets," I pouted. "My kids, where are they? How are they? Who are they
with?"

"They're with Jack," Malia walked up to me, tears in her eyes as mine started
to fall. "They're okay." Jack was her high school sweetheart and husband.

"I need to be with them, they must be scared," I whimpered.

"They are okay, you need to focus on getting better so you can take care of
them," Justin grabbed my hand and kissed it.

"What happened after I passed out?" I sniffled. I barely remembered a thing.

"Some witnesses called the cops and one of them was Nate Poland. He took the
triplets out of the car before pulling you out. The cops and ambulance arrived
a few minutes later. He stayed with the triplets while they were treating you
and he found our numbers on your phone and called us. He's out there, going
crazy too."

My heart clenched at the thought of him being outside, waiting for me. "The
kids haven't let go of him since they entered," Malia said gently. My babies!
I whimpered again and closed my eyes.

"I need to see them, please."

"Okay." They both walked away and I looked out the window. Fuck, this was so
unexpected. The only thing killing me was my head. It hurt like a bitch.

The door opened and I looked up to find Nate and my triplets in his arms.
Their eyes landed on me and I forced a smile. "Triplets," I pressed the button
on the bed so it could move up to a sitting position.

"Mommy!" they frowned.

"Mommy is okay babies, mommy is fine now that I've seen you," I looked over
their faces. "Come here." Nate put them on the side of the bed and I hugged
all of them. "I love you all."

"I love you too," they all spoke. "We were with the tall mister while the
doctors fixed you up." I smiled and looked up at Nate who's eyes were on me,
staring intensively.

"The tall mister is a very nice guy, huh?" I asked them, my eyes on him. He
smiled gently.

"Yup!!" Austin and Audrey said while Aubrey said, "He's really nice!"

"Well why don't you three go find Titi Malia while the tall mister and I
talk?" I looked at my kids and they smiled softly.

"Mmkay." They kissed my cheeks and jumped off the bed. I watched after them
and I looked up at Nate.

"I'll go make sure they made it safely," he mumbled before walking away. A few
seconds later, he entered again and closed the door gently. "How are you
feeling?"

"Pretty good except for the headache," I sighed.

"You hit your head prettt badly," he frowned. "I was just coming out of
Starbucks when I saw the accident and I immideately recognized your car. My
heart had dropped and I ran so fast I could have sworn I had powers." I
giggled and he smirked. "Ryleigh, you don't know how much I love you."

"Thank you, for being with my babies. It must have been horrible witnessing
that," I wiped my tears away. "Thank you so much Nate." He sat on the side of
the bed and wiped my tears away with his thumb, smiling softly.

"I'll do it over and over again," he leaned forward to kiss my forehead
gently. "Ryleigh, I want a chance to show you that I really do love you, that
I am in love with you and want to be with you and those kids. Please? Just one
chance, if I mess up, you can send me packing immideately."

I stared into his blue eyes and saw nothing but honesty, unless he was a good
lier, to which he was but I had no doubt that he was telling nothing but the
truth.

"I'll think about it, okay?" I couldn't promise him anything. "I promise I
will think about it and after I get out of here, I'll give you my answer."

"Thank you," he smiled bright as if I had said yeah. But deep down, I had a
feeling I'd be saying yes to him anyways.

"Don't you have somewhere to be?" I raised an eyebrow. "Nobody wants to spend
their day at the hospital."

"I'm here for you and the triplets," he shrugged. "I have no problem being
with you and them."

I blushed and he chuckled. "You should get some rest, you hit your head pretty
badly."

"Okay, but promise that after I fall asleep, you'll take care of my triplets,
please?" I yawned.

"I pinky promise," he kissed my hand and lowered my bed a little so I could be
in a comfortable sleeping position. "Sweet dreams Ryleigh."

It only took about three minutes for me to fall asleep and I went to sleep
knowing I was leaving my kids in the right hands.

