### Sessions: Chap. 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** I have a faint idea of where this is going�if you have any advice, please tell! 

* * *

Blair’s POV

“I’m going to be a girl you’ve been trying to get away from for weeks. I won’t
stop bugging you about hooking up with me and you hate me. You don’t want
anything to do with me but I just can’t seem to get the message. Okay?”

Lucas looked at me like I was insane. “So, I’m supposed to pretend that it’s
real?”

I nodded. “The more you’re into it, the more you’ll improve. So, here we go.”
I stood up and Lucas stood also. I took a deep breath, amazed that I was even
doing this at all. “But Lucas, won’t you just have one round with me? You know
I’m good in bed,” I said in my most annoying bitchy voice.

Lucas shook his head. “I said no. Now stop thinking that I’m going to fuck you
like you think I am!”

“But, Lucas…please? Everyone knows that we’re meant to be together. All we
need to do is hook up for a couple weeks then break it up,” I tried.

Lucas marched up to me and poked me in the chest—hard. “Listen, bitch. I want
nothing to do with you and I’m never going to hook up with you. Ever. Get that
through your slutty mind and leave me alone. Got it?” he spat, his fists
shaking.

I shook my head. “Lucas, it only took you a minute to become extremely angry.”

Lucas stepped back and sighed. “I know. I just can’t help it.”

“Well, I’m going to help you.”

We started over again, this time with a different scenario.

This went on for a few months. Every day after school, we’d go to the spot in
the meadow and have what I called ‘sessions.’ Of course, no one knew about it.
We always made sure that no one followed us or was watching us. Lucas really
did improve a lot throughout those three months. We shared tons of laughs and
even hugs. We became close friends and before I knew it, I was falling for
him. Yes: me, Blair Vienna, was falling for Lucas Adonis, the school player.

All of our sessions usually went fairly well. At least, that’s what I thought
until today.

* * *

_Present_

Lucas’s POV

“So, what’s the act for today?” I ask Blair. She's dressed casually—a black
blouse with dark jeans and black boots. Her red hair is pulled up in a
ponytail and her dark eyes sparkle. It’s March and starting to warm up for the
spring and summer seasons. I know I’ve fallen hard. I’m in love with her but I
don’t know how to say it. It’s not just because she’s helped me so much these
past few months. It’s because of who she is. She’s Blair: funny, kind, caring,
smart, beautiful, modest, respectful, responsible, and so much more.

Blair responds, “Today I’m going to be a girl who’s trying to get you to stop
being friends with Blair Vienna.”

Her answer completely throws me off guard. We’ve never used Blair as a part of
the scenario. It’s usually just some bitch trying to annoy me, date me, get
into my pants, or a guy who’s trying to hit me, piss me off, or is bullying
me. “Are you sure you want to do this?”

“Why?” Blair retorts. “You don’t want to defend me?” A smile lingers on her
lips. I chuckle and look her in the eyes.

“Of course I do. You’re my best friend.”

“Good. Okay, so here we go.” Blair takes a deep breath and stands up. I stand
up with her. This is how we always begin. She starts and I follow. Sometimes I
get so into it that I forget she’s Blair. I swear, she should totally become
an actress one day. She makes everything so believable. Blair twirls her hair
around her finger and puts the other hand on her hip. “So, what’s the deal
with the slut?”

“Excuse me?”

“Y’know, that girl you’re always hanging around with. What’s her name? Oh,
yeah. Blair, right? She’s such a loser.”

“She’s not a loser,” I shoot back. I know how to control my anger now, and I’m
not going to let this bitch make me hit her.

“Really? ‘Cause everyone knows she’s a total geek. She’s got personal
problems, y’know? You could do so much better, Lucas. She’s a whore.”

“What makes you say that?” I stare at Blair, but right now, she’s not Blair.
She’s someone who’s trying to make me angry. She’s a bitch right now.

“Rumor has it she’s slept with the whole track team. Guys _and _girls. She’s
bi. Why do you hang out with her? A geeky bi girl? I mean really, Lucas.
What’s your deal? Blair isn’t right for you.”

“Oh really? Then who is?” I ask.

Blair puts her hands on her waist and walks toward me, her hips swinging with
every step. “I am. Because Blair Vienna is a bitch.”

I can’t take this anymore. She’s talking shit about Blair, my best friend, my
only real friend. I push ‘Blair’ onto the ground and balance my weight on my
arms. I’m above her in a push-up position, pinning her to the grass. “Listen
you bitch. Blair is not a bitch. She’s not a whore or a slut. She’s a fucking
virgin, for God’s sake. And how dare you disrespect her like that. Basing
things off of fucking rumors. Blair is my friend and I will not let you talk
about her like that. If anyone’s the slut, it’s _you._”

Blair stares back at me. This time, I can tell that this session is over. And
I’ve failed. “You’re wrong,” Blair says quietly, her eyes dropping.

“About what?” I ask.

“I’m not a virgin,” she whispers. My eyes widen as I get off. I stand up. My
heart literally shatters to pieces. She’s not a virgin? Why would she lie to
me?

“So what you said…that you slept with the track team…it’s true?”

“No,” Blair replies immediately, her tone sharp. “It’s not true.”

“Oh. Well, I guess you have fun with your boyfriend.” I turn and walk away,
the hurt stabbing at me. How could she not tell me? I know she moved here from
France before we started our junior year, but she never told me she had a
foreign boyfriend. She never once mentioned him. Not once. She never acted
like she had one. And then, I just find out that she’s lost her virginity
already? If she didn’t sleep with the entire track team, which she wouldn’t, I
know her too well, then she’s obviously close enough to someone else. Close
enough to have sex with them.

I start running, my book bag bouncing against my back. How could she? How
could she lie to me? She said that her only friends were Stacy, Leion, Will,
and Aria. Apparently, a _boyfriend_ doesn’t count as a friend.

* * *

Blair’s POV

I sit up slowly as Lucas disappears. Did that just happen? Did I just tell him
my deepest darkest secret? And what was the boyfriend comment about? I don’t
have a boyfriend. I’m waiting for Lucas to see me as more than just a friend,
which will probably be never, but whatever. How could he assume that I’ve got
a boyfriend? Just because I’m not a virgin doesn’t mean I’m not single. And
why the hell would he run away like that?

I lie back down onto the soft grass and close my eyes. A warm March breeze
flies by my nose, tickling it. I sneeze.

“Hey,” says a voice. I look up and see a guy dressed in dark slacks and a gray
sweatshirt. He looks about two or three years older than me. Then I notice the
knife he holds in his left hand. I start to stand up to run, but the knife
whizzes by, barely missing my ear. It strikes a tree a couple feet behind me.
“Next time you move without my permission, I won’t miss.”

I stare at the man, my heart skipping beats. He smiles a disgusting smile. I
immediately know that he’s going to try and rape me.

“Take off your clothes and I won’t kill you,” he spits. He brings a gun out of
his right back pocket. I breathe in deeply.

“Why are you doing this?” I ask. I know very well that he can shoot me. “Why
are you trying to rape me? What made you this way?”

“Oh, poor pretty princess is trying to talk her way out of it. Now shut up and
take your clothes off.”

I shake my head. “No.” As soon as the word is out of my mouth, the gun goes
off. The silencer is on. I feel a sharp pain in my foot. I look down to see
fresh blood oozing out of my sneaker.

“Do it, bitch.”

I shakily start undressing. In my head, the same thought runs over and over in
my head the whole time the man is hurting me. _Not again. Not again. Not
again._

