### Aaron's Empire 3 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-06-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** New part- never before posted! Aaron's prequel. 

* * *

**Part 3**

**Feedback appreciated! **

This is the worst pain I have ever felt. I don’t hear anything, I don’t see
anything. It feels like every nanosecond is dragging, pulling me and my
searing pain along too. I can’t move, and I hate my existence because of this
overwhelming pain. I am sweating and screaming and writhing on the ground.

And then I am moving. I open my eyes and the employees are gently moving me to
the wheelchair. I realize I am now silent. Obscenities flow from my mouth.
Only the worst obscenities seem to be my entire vocabulary. I notice and make
eye contact with Cooper, who is out of his car, staring at me from his
position next to his car, door open, looking at me with a blank stare.

“You son-of-bitch!” I scream, pointing at him. I spit on myself I’m so upset.
“You meant to do this you fucking bastard!” I am in hysterics, while he just
stares. The two people helping me try calming me but I am too far gone. I
struggle to get free and attack my father. They restrain me and push the chair
away. We enter Cooper’s mansion, and I eventually slump back in the chair. We
pass a silver framed picture of my mother next to a lit candle.

“Stop,” I say. They hesitate. “Stop!” I demand. They obey. “Back up.” Once
again, they obey silently. We stop at the picture. I absently rub my chin
while I look at her beautiful smile. Elaina looks just like her. She is my
senior by 22 months. Sadie is my junior by 11 months.

I feel eyes on me. Down the hall, Sadie is standing, staring at me in shock.
I’m still sweating and in pain, but she has a soothing effect on me. Sadie
runs down the hall to me, throwing herself on an arm of the chair and throwing
her arms around me.

“I’m so sorry, brother,” she says, leaning back.

“Cooper sure isn’t,” I say, nodding towards my foot. I wince as it shifts when
Sadie moves to look. Sadie gasps loudly, and without a word, runs from the
room.

“Sadie!” I yell after her, but she doesn’t return. I look at the young man
next to me. “Go after her, make sure she doesn’t do anything stupid,” I say.

“Yes sir,” he says, and leaves. I look at my toes, getting black and blue.

“Let’s go,” I snap at the woman pushing the chair.

“Sorry, of course, sir,” she stammers and pushes me to the backyard. I have my
own house in the back. We enter and I am greeted by my own employees. My
father had me managing what he referred to as a “mini estate” since I was
young. I was capable, and excelled at leading the household from the first
day. My father wants nothing more than to have me as insurance to run the
house and maintain HIS legacy after he dies. This leaves me no room to create
my own legacy. I am pulled from my thoughts by a stunning, black haired woman
with delicate features. Her curves are rounded in all the best places and her
frame is petite. But she is not actually a woman. She is mine.

“Mirabella,” I say, unable to stop the smile now spreading over my face. Her
face reflects concern.

“Master,” she says, coming automatically to my side. I smile at her and push a
strand of her hair behind her ear.

“Hey,” I say.

“How do you feel?”

“Pretty bad,” I admit. She looks sad. “I’m alright,” I say with a smile.

“You’re injured,” she says. I nod.

“Yeah, I am,” I respond, the pain spiking on cue. I wince.

“Mirabella, you should go fix dinner,” the woman behind me says.

“NO,” I say forcefully, and then gather myself. “Please don’t leave me, Mira,”
I say, looking up at her. Mira kneels next to me.

“I won’t leave you, sir,” she says, sticking out her pinky. I smile and take
it. She was built for me. She was meant to be the perfect assistant, and I got
her for my birthday. Cooper Jeffers has connections with very smart, sometimes
questionable, well-funded scientists and inventors. Artificial intelligence is
the forefront of scientific research.

“I need a doctor, and booze,” I say to her. Mira walks over to a passing
employee, talking quickly to her.

“You can go,” I dismiss the woman behind me. “Thank you,” I say.

“Sir,” she says, and leaves.

Mira returns to me with a smile.

“The doctor will be here shortly.” She pushes me to my favorite room with a
beautiful oak door, down a small hallway of its own. It’s my “study” and it’s
a high-privacy room, so no one enters this room without direct permission from
me. Only the cleaners on a strict schedule and Mira are allowed in without
direct, immediate permission. With the help of my Mira, I transfer to my
favorite chair, and Mira puts my injured leg on the ottoman carefully. There
is a knock, and Mira answers the door. One of my workers, Frank, enters with a
bucket full of water and some ice cubes. He sets it next to the ottoman.
Another worker, Jill, follows him in, putting some scotch on the end table.
She pours me a glass, and hands it to me. I thank them and they leave.

“While I down the scotch, Mira very gently unwraps my bandages. She is about
to put my destroyed foot in the bucket when I stop her.

“Wait!” I say urgently. “Please, more scotch first.”

“Of course, sir,” she responds with a smile, and pours me more. I watch her
with dread as she returns to her mission. I pick up the glass and watch her
pick up my leg. As she gently lowers it into the water I gasp, and then down
the scotch quickly. I grip the arm of the chair, as I begin to sweat again.

“This shit sucks so bad,” I say, voice cracking. The throbbing, however,
begins to cease. I exhale.

“I’m so sorry,” she whispers. I chew on my thumbnail.

“It was Mason,” I say.

“Mason was what?”

“He pitched a ball at me, at my foot,” I say, looking at my black and blue,
double-sized right foot, resting in ice water. I rub the bridge of my nose.
“If it wasn’t broken before… it sure is now.”

“That piece of shit! I’ll kill him!”

“You’ll do no such thing,” I command, looking at her. “I just have to decide
his punishment…” I say, thinking, absently staring at the wall. “Oh, and
Cooper ran over my toes with his fucking car.” I watch the shock register on
her face. She refuses to believe he is anything but an angel.

“Oh, Aaron,” she says softly. “You’re in agony and I can’t do anything to make
it better,” she says, tears rolling down her cheeks. I smile at her.

“You’re the only one who _can_ make it better,” I say. There is a knock at the
door. Mira answers. She appears in front of me with a house worker, Jacob.

“Your older sister, Miss Elaina, is here to see you, sir,” he says to me. I
nod to him. He leaves and comes back with Elaina in tow.

“Thank you Jacob,” I say.

“Sir,” he nods to me and leaves. I hear the doors close.

“Would you like me to leave, master?” Mira asks me. I look at Elaina, who
shrugs.

“No,” I say. “I want you to stay.”

“Yes sir,” she says. Mira and Elaina both sit on an extra couch facing me, a
few feet away.

“Aaron, I know our father is a sexist, unfaithful pig, but did he really stoop
so low? Did he run over your foot with his car?” she asks, concerned. I look
at her silently for a few moments, chewing on a thumbnail. Finally I lower my
hand, and nod.

“I hurt my ankle pretty badly during the game, but my toes were fine, before I
got in the car with Cooper.” I lift my leg out of the water shakily. And
although my skin is red from the cold, my toes are black. I wince sharply.

“Oh my…” Elaina trails off and lifts a hand to her mouth.

“So cold,” I say, looking at Mira. She just takes my leg extra carefully and
lowers it into the water again. I grab the arm of the chair and grimace for
more than a few moments.

“Oh _Aaron,_” Elaina groans. “My poor brother,” she says softly, and grabs my
hand. I look up at her.

“I can’t fucking play sports,” I choke on my own words and have to stop
talking. Tears well in my eyes and I hide them behind my free hand. “He’s so
ecstatic…” I say bitterly, feeling a sob in my throat. I stop talking again.

“Pauvre frère…” she says, giving my hand a squeeze. “He won’t get away with
this,” she says resolutely.

“He already has…” I say softly.

Another knock interrupts our conversation. I look up as Mira immediately rises
to answer. She returns with Jacob again.

“Sir, Sadie is here,” he says. I nod to him and Sadie is led in. I thank
Jacob, who leaves and the three girls sit.

“I spoke to Dad,” Sadie says. “He feels terrible.”

“He should!” Elaina says bitterly.

“Go easy on him, sis,” she responds.

“Go easy on him?” Elaina bounds towards me. I am too numb to do anything but
watch as she lifts my injured leg from the water. Most of my foot is numb, and
the pain has subsided a little, but my foot hurt so badly to begin with that a
little improvement still leaves my pain level extremely high. Elaina lifting
my ankle that quickly sends ripples of severe pain up my entire body. I suck
in air quickly through my teeth and grip the chair with both hands to keep
from screaming. Sadie must be looking at my injuries because I hear her gasp.

“You’re hurting him!” Mira scolds Elaina sharply and takes my ankle gently
from her. There is a thud as she does this, and I look to Sadie, who is now
unconscious on the floor. I move to go to her, but yelp in pain.

“Sit back,” Mira tells me, pushing my chest gently. I surrender quickly and
lean back.

“Sadie,” I point at my little sister. Elaina is kneeling next to her now. I
become aware that Mira is putting my ankle down on a pillow on the ottoman. I
notice the pillow appeared there, probably Mira’s doing, but my heart is
beating so fast and loudly that I disregard this. Mira leaves the room. I sit
up straighter again, feeling abandoned.

“Try to relax, Aaron,” Elaina says soothingly. I lean back and rub my eyes,
and then lean forward again, looking at the door. “_Aaron,_” Elaina scolds me
but I ignore her. “She’ll be back soon.”

I look at my sisters now, silently, praying to whatever God that my soul isn’t
damned for ignoring my unconscious sister until this point.

“How is she?” I ask Elaina about Sadie.

“I think she will be okay, I just shocked her,” she admits. “I’m so sorry I
hurt you.” Elaina looks sad. She is beautiful and kind, like my mother.

“I’m alright, I’ll live,” I say with a smile. I look at my ankle, and my smile
fades. It looks like a complete and hopeless wreck. It’s terrible. My smile
drops off my face and I swallow down my despair with difficultly.

“My poor brother,” she says again softly, looking at me sadly. I return her
gaze, swallowing again, trying to erase any emotion from my face. Faking a
smile was more obvious than successfully hiding pain with a straight face.

“I’m alright,” I repeat.

Mira returns. I feel her presence in the room before I see her. She comes into
my field of vision, Dr. Miller in tow. Miller knew my mother, they grew up in
this town together back when the coal mine was the life of this town. And then
my mother married the man that changed it all.

“My sister, first,” I tell him.

“My nurse assistant is rousing her right now,” he says. I look back, and Sadie
is already awake, blinking confusedly.

“Get her out of here,” I say quietly to Mira. She nods and goes to Sadie. I
hear them leave, and the door close. The doctor sits on the seat Mira set out
for him. He scoots over to me and takes a look at my foot.

“In two days go back to the hospital, they will probably give you a cast and
splints for your toes,” he says. “I think a number of bones are broken,
including your ankle and all your toes.”

“How long until I can play sports again?” I ask.

“It’s a little early to tell, but I think probably half a year, or at least
until we are certain everything has healed correctly.” While he is speaking, I
feel the urge to cry getting stronger. “Would you like me to bandage it?” I
nod at him, keeping my front. We sit in silence while he works and finally he
sets my ankle back on the ottoman. I am looking out the window, trying to stay
calm. I look at him finally.

“Thank you,” I say to him and he shakes my hand.

“My pleasure,” he responds. “Your mother was a wonderful woman.” I nod.

“Yes, she was.”

“Two days, Aaron,” he says before he is escorted out. When Mira reenters she
crosses over and sits on the arm of my chair, grabbing me and pulling me to
her gently. She holds me tightly while tears roll down my face.

