### Sessions by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** I've had this in my head for weeks, just had to write it down! It's not coming along as great as I've hoped, but maybe you'll like it. I promise to continue with Missing Him and Juvy Style. I've just been busy with finals and everything�Sorry! 

* * *

Blair’s POV

“Nice ass.”

I stopped walking on the bleachers and narrowed my eyes. There could only be
one person to be bold enough to say ‘nice ass’ to me. Just like I expected, it
was Lucas Adonis, the boy who was in my Calculus class. We never really got a
long very well. I was someone who very few people knew about. The people who
did know me were my friends, Stacy, Aria, Leion, and Will. Some of my
professors actually knew my name, but other than my friends and them, no one
knew me. I wasn’t shy; I selectively participated. Considering the fact that
ninety-nine percent of the people in this school are dickheads, like Lucas,
and bitches, like Carmen Quinn, I didn’t really like to talk to my fellow
classmates. They only cared about themselves and didn’t give a shit about
anyone.

Honestly, the first time I found out that Lucas was going to be in my Calculus
class, I was extremely surprised. We’re both seniors at Wichita High School.
My first impression of Lucas was the classic bully-player. He was nice to
girls until he got them in his bed. Then he ditched them as soon as he’d
fucked them and left them to mend their broken hearts. But that was not going
to happen to me. I had overcome many things these past few years and I was not
going to break just because of a stupid dumbass who didn’t know shit about
being good.

Lucas laughed at me when I didn’t move. “What, you scared of me or something,
beautiful?” Lucas called out. I took a deep breath and started walking again.
I worked hard to learn to control my anger. Lucas Adonis was not going to ruin
me. “Hey, come back here! I was just playing around!”

This made me stop. I turned around. “Oh yeah?” I yelled back. “Playing?” I
stalked over to him and stopped a foot away from Lucas. “You know, I pity
you.”

“Oh really, princess? Why don’t you tell me why?”

“Because you have nothing better to do with your life than calling out ‘nice
ass’ to random girls you want to fuck. Well guess what? There is no way in
hell that I’m going to let you fuck me.”

“Why? Are you a virgin?”

I narrowed my eyes. Who did he think he was? “You motherfucking douchebag—”

And then I saw it. I saw his mask as clear as day. I could see that he hated
his life; that he hated the way he was, the way he acted, what he said. Deep
down inside, I knew immediately that he was like me. I had managed to pull
myself out of my Dark Ages, but Lucas needed help. Was I going to be the one
to give it to him? In that one-second window where his façade dropped, I
realized all of this. But the mask was back on as soon as it came off.

“Oh, is that all you’ve got, Blair?” Lucas sneered at me. I looked down at him
sitting on the bleachers. I stood in front of him. I debated whether or not to
say what I was about to say. I decided, _to hell with this. He can’t harm me,
and I don’t give a fuck about him. He’s a jackass who plays women._

“You know, maybe if you’d take the mask off more often, people wouldn’t
automatically call you a douchebag the moment they saw you. I think people
would like the real Lucas Adonis better than the fake one. If you really think
that pretending is going to get you anywhere, it won’t. You’re going to have
to stop playing the part eventually. You can’t live a lie. So I’m sorry for
you; I really am. I hope you can find your way out of your unlocked cage.”

I turned and walked away. “Wait!” he called out. I stopped but didn’t turn
around. Lucas could insult me again, and then I’d let all my anger out if I
saw his face when he called me a bitch or a whore.

“What?” I asked.

“Can I…can I ask you something?” His voice was quieter. It almost seemed like
he was unsure of himself. Lucas Adonis was always confident and proud.

I turned and walked slowly. “What?” I asked softly when I reached him.

“How?”

“Pardon?”

“How could you see right through it? No one’s ever even suspected anything.
But you…you saw it right away. How?”

I sighed. “Because it happened to me.”

“But you’re so perfect. I mean, you’ve got, like, a 4.9 GPA or something like
that. You’re the captain of the debate team, you’re amazing at sports, you
have hundreds of awards…you’re so composed. It’s like you’re an adult already.
How did you find your way out? You act as if nothing ever happened.”

I shook my head. “I’m not perfect, Lucas. And lots of things happened. I just
fought some battles and won the important ones. It was hard; it took a year.
But that’s because I did it by myself. I didn’t let anyone help me.”

“I hate the way I am. I want to change; I’ve been wanting to for a while, but
I don’t know how. Would you…would you help me?”

I stared at him. Lucas Adonis wanted _me _to help him?

“Look, I’ll understand if you won’t. I’ve been an asshole to you since we
first met.”

I gave him a small smile. I didn’t know what the hell I was getting myself
into, but the first step to creating a better person was letting them know
that they weren’t alone. “I’ll help you, Lucas. We’ll start tomorrow right
after school.”

* * *

Lucas’s POV

When I entered Calculus the next day, I spotted Blair at the back of the room.
The only available seat was next to her, which meant that we’d be doing a
project together. Mrs. Kenton, the teacher, told us yesterday that whomever we
were sitting next to today would be our partner for the Launching project. As
soon as I saw Blair, something snapped my mask back on. My ‘friends’ were here
and they’d murder me if they saw me being nice to Blair.

I plopped down into the chair beside her. “Hey,” she greeted with a smile.

I laughed a humorless laugh. “What, you think you’re good enough to even talk
to me?” The rest of the class snickered. Blair looked down at her papers in
front of her. I could tell she was disappointed. I immediately felt horrible
for what I said. She’d agreed to help a jerk like me and I was treating her
like shit. I slumped down in my chair.

Mrs. Kenton spoke. “Alright, you know that you’re working with the person next
to you. That means Claire with John, Penelope with Diana, Trey with Willa, Dan
with Fara, Leigh with Desiree, and Blair with Lucas. Get started.”

I raised my hand. “Can I get some stuff from my locker?” Mrs. Kenton nodded
and I stepped out into the hallway. I waited until the door shut completely.
Then I hit the locker next to me. “Dammit, Lucas, what the hell is wrong with
you?” I whispered. I hated the way I talked to Blair. She’d probably hate me
for the rest of her life. I hit the locker again. Then I leaned against it and
folded my arms above my head. I put my forehead against the cool metal and
breathed in deeply. I had to apologize but my ‘friends’ would scorn me for
ages. “Stop being a wuss, Lucas. Why are you so afraid of being made fun of?”

I knew the answer to that. I knew what it was like to be bullied and I didn’t
want to go through it again. My elementary and middle school years were hell.
Then I moved to Wichita and everyone loved me. So I continued to play the part
and now, here I am, the popular, jerky, hot, smart, athletic, bully senior.

I heard someone open the door. My head snapped up and my stomach dropped when
I saw that it was Blair. I lowered my eyes to the floor. I saw Blair’s shoes
almost touch mine as I felt her breath on my neck. She wasn’t that short; I
was just tall. 6 foot 3 was a lot taller than people thought it was. I felt
Blair’s finger tilt my chin up, forcing me to look her in the eyes. Her irises
were a dark brown, almost black, whereas mine were almost a light beige color.
A strand of red hair was in front of her face.

“I forgive you,” she whispered. At that moment, I couldn’t take it anymore. I
put my hands on her waist and drew her to me, crying into her hair. Her scent,
some kind of perfume, comforted me as I sobbed. _Get it together, Lucas.
Apologize to her._

“I’m so sorry, Blair,” I murmured. I pulled back and looked at her.

“It’s okay. I know you didn’t mean it.” She pulled me into a hug as I started
crying all over again. “I’ll still help you, if that’s what you’re afraid of.
Meet me at the bleachers after school.” She rested her head on my shoulder as
she placed her hand on my back. “Now let’s work on our project, shall we?”

We went back inside. Mrs. Kenton didn’t say a word as we slid into our seats
and started working. Calculus was too damn hard for a senior course.

At the end of the day, I met Blair at the bleachers. She led me to a quiet
spot in a meadow. No one could see us. Blair smiled at me and sat down,
tossing her backpack to the side. I tossed mine as well and sat down in front
of her. “So, I’m not a therapist or anything,” she began, “but I’m going to
help you any way I can. So first things first: is there anything so sensitive
that you can’t talk about it without breaking down?”

I was about to retort with a wise-ass remark, but I bit my tongue. I could be
myself with Blair. “Yes,” I admitted. “My elementary and middle school years.”

“Alright. I’ll try to avoid that as much as possible until you think you’re
ready to talk about it. Do you have any major weaknesses that you think could
be the cause of your retreating into your shadow? If you overcame those
weaknesses, could you be yourself almost 24/7?”

It was a little hard to understand what she was trying to say, but then I
figured it out and answered, “Um, maybe anger management and hurting others as
a defense.” I thought anger management was my big downfall. I’d get into
fights with my parents a lot, no matter which one I was with. If I was with my
mom at her house, then we argued about stupid things, like what to have for
dinner or who was going to do the dishes. If I was with my dad at his house,
we argued about things like sports, ‘being a man’—as he liked to call it, or
maybe when I was going to start thinking about what I wanted to do for a
living. I’d already applied to five schools (NYU, Stanford, UConn, UPenn, and
Brown) and had been accepted into three even though it was only December: NYU,
Stanford, and the University of Pennsylvania. I just didn’t know what to study
yet.

Blair studied me then smiled. “Alright then, let’s get started. So I think I’m
going to start with anger management. I’ll make up a scenario and you have to
control your anger. They’re not tests even though I might call them that. So,
let’s begin.”

