### What You Don't Know Chap. 8 THE END! by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

"Mommy, we look really pretty," Audrey twirled around in her purple dress. Her
sister was wearing the pink dress and I was wearing the light blue summer
dress. Austin wore blue shorts and a black polo shirt.

Nate was taking us for a nice day at the fair and the kids were pretty excited
to go out to get on the rides and play games.

"We do, don't we?" I smiled at her. "Especially you two!" They cheesed and the
doorbell rang. "That must be Nate."

It had been months since we got together and the kids finally got the hang of
calling him Nate instead of the tall mister.

We all walked downstairs to the front door and I opened it, smiling really big
when I saw my boyfriend. He wore a white t-shirt and white jeans with black
boots.

"Well, hello," he winked at me and looked down at the kids. "You three look
amazing!"

"What about my mommy?" Aubrey smiled as she hugged his leg.

"She looks absolutely beautiful, as always," he picked her up. "You kids ready
for a good day?"

"Yup!" Aubrey walked ahead of all of us. Nate had suggested switching the
child seats to his car so we can all just take one car. Once everybody was
settled in, he started driving the hour and a half to the fair.

"Daddy, are we there yet?" Austin spoke. Nate looked my way and I looked at
him, both of our eyes wide. "Daddy?"

"Hmm?" Nate cleared his throat.

"Are we there yet? This is a long ride," Austin sighed.

"I know, I want to go on the rides!" Aubrey whined. "Mommy, when are we
getting there?"

"Soon baby," I looked at them in the rearview mirror. Then I looked at Nate
who had a smile on his face. When we got to the fair, we helped the kids out
and I stepped closer to Nate. "I assume you like that he called you daddy?"

"Yeah, I honestly do," he leaned over and kissed my lips.

"DADDY! LOOK!" Audrey screeched. "I wanna get on that, please mommy, daddy?
Please!" It was the fairest wheel and I smiled.

"If you are allowed on it then yeah," Nate picked her up. "Let's go check."
The kids were allowed on the ride so we all got on one cart.

We had a great day at the fair, Nate won them teddies and toys and now we were
on our way home after stuffing our stomachs of food.

"They are fast asleep," I looked back. "They had a pretty long day."

"Yeah, they have," Nate agreed. "Did you have a nice day?"

"I had an amazing day," I leaned over and kissed his cheek. "Thanks for being
an amazing person and making us happy."

"Thank you for giving me a chance," he held my hand as he continued looking
over the roads. "I love you baby."

"I love you too," I finally spoke the words. He cheesed.

"You're going to be repeating that to me, looking me in the eyes when we get
to your place, understood?" he spoke.

"Yes daddy."

When we got to my house, it was a little over eleven and the kids were fast
asleep. Nate and I got them ready for bed and then closed the door to their
room before he led me to my room. He closed the door and turned me around,
looking down into my eyes.

"I love you," he leaned down and kissed my forehead.

"I love you," I pulled his head down and kissed his lips. He moaned and picked
me up, making me wrap my legs around him. He walked forward until he was
leaning down to the bed with me underneath him.

"We won't have sex," he backed up and smiled. "Not until you become my wife."

"Well that means you'll have to propose," I smirked. He cheesed and got off
the bed, pulling me up with him. He bent on one knee, digging in his back
pocket for the ring. I blushed hard when he cleared his throat, showing me the
ring that had a big diamond in the middle and smaller ones around it.

"Marry me Ryleigh Duncan. Marry me, make me officially yours, become mine,
make those kids officially mine as well. I know I've hurt you a lot in the
past and I will always try to make up for the stupid decision I had taken, let
me prove to you that no other man can ever love you and those kids the way I
love you four. Become my wife, take my last name and if you want, they can
have my last name too but I just want to stalk my claim on you because you are
mine and I will forever be yours."

"Well damn," I giggled. "Yes Nate, I'll be your wife and yes, we can change
all of our names although I want to tell them the truth when they get older."

"Of course, they have to know who they are but for now, let's just play house
with them," he chuckled. "They're your kids Ryleigh, you're raising them,
showing them good from bad and I want to be there beside you, making them my
kids and raising them as well, if you let me."

"Yes, I want you to be their dad, I want you to be my man," I let my hand
reach out for him. He settled the ring on my finger and kissed my hand before
raising up to kiss my lips. "Can you stay tonight? I want to sleep in your
arms."

"Lies, you just don't want to be the one to wake up early tomorrow when they
come and wake us up," he rolled his eyes. He stripped down to his boxers and
helped me undress. We got into bed and stood talking about the rest of our
lives.

* * *

"Daddy, come on, the baby is crying!" Aubrey pulled Nate by the hand. He was
in the master bedroom, grading some work from his class when the little girl
came.

Nate and Ryleigh had a baby and added their little Sophia into their family.
The triplets were absolutely in love with her. Ryleigh was at work, she was a
kindergarten teacher. And they had gotten married as well.

"What's wrong with the baby?" Nate smiled down at Aubrey as they entered the
nursery.

"I don't know daddy, maybe she's hungry!" the little girl shrugged.

Sophia was in her crib, screaming her lungs out, yeah definitely hungry Nate
agreed. He picked her up in one arm and held Aubrey's hand while he walked out
and went downstairs. The other two twins were in the living room watching Toys
Story.

Nate walked into the kitchen and made a quick bottle for his three month old
daughter who had her mother's beautiful brown hair and his pretty blue eyes.
She was the most beautiful baby Nate had ever laid eyes on.

"You wanna go watch the movie with your brother and sister or you wanna stay
with daddy and help feed the baby?" Nate sat down at the kitchen table.

"I'll stay and help feed the baby," she climbed up on the other chair and
smiled at her little sister. "She's so pretty, right daddy?"

"Yes, she's pretty just like you, Audrey and mommy," he agreed.

"And she has your eyes daddy, she doesn't have green eyes like us, she has
blue eyes like you," she looked over Sophia's face. Nate chuckled and looked
at one of his triplets. Ah, he wouldn't change this for nothing, nothing at
all.

He had his dream job, his dream girl, his dream kids, his dream home. He was
with his family and that was all he needed to keep it moving.

