### Rulers of Terrace View 21 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-06-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Their love grows... get into the story of the burning fire of romance between the young town powerhouse and the girl who loves him! Many parts makes for a good story! 

* * *

**Part 21**

**Please please please give feedback! Let me know whatever you think of the story! (I have more parts but need more interest and feedback to continue posting) Enjoy**

I enter my house, feeling a deep-set dread settle over me. After everyone in
my family disperses, I will be alone in my room with my mind. This is never a
good thing. Especially when I am concerned with something particular. Perhaps
I can find something to distract myself. I consider this every time I am
forced to be alone with my troublesome thoughts but never find anything
sufficiently distracting.

“Oh my God, Layla!” my mom’s voice cuts into my thoughts. I want to snap at
her and ask her why she is talking so loudly when I realize that I have to
focus and get my story right.

“Hi, mom,” I say casually. It’s doesn’t invoke calmness like I had hoped it
would and my mom panics.

“What happened!? You look terrible!”

“It was this crazy guy on the bus. He was talking to himself and pacing on the
bus and then he randomly attacked me once we got off at a stop! I went to
Aaron’s so he could help and have me driven home.”

“OH my God! What did the guy look like? We should report this to the police!”

I see my little brother peek at me around the corner. First he looks surprised
and upset. And then his expression changes. It becomes darker and now he just
looks pissed off. I know instantly that he senses Aaron is somehow connected
to my injuries. I can see the fire in his eyes. I hate that he blames Aaron
but I am touched that he is upset by this. My brother actually loves me.

“I don’t want to, Mom, I really don’t want to deal with it all right now.”

“You should,” Max says. “What if he hurts someone else?”

“I don’t feel that well, you know. I just want some sleep.” I allow myself to
become genuinely upset so that my eyes fill with tears. Of course, they are
only tears brought about from my genuine sadness about Aaron. I am still so
worried and it is all for him. When I think about how he might be struggling
or even unconscious the tears come easily. But my Mom doesn’t know that.

“Fine,” my Mom says. I knew she would cave to that. “But we’ll discuss this
soon.” I can tell that she isn’t going to let this slide easily. But it’s okay
because I’m really not that tired so I will have to come up with a better plan
in the meantime. I’m still dreading being alone but I can’t answer all her
questions right now. I still don’t know what to do.

I retreat into my room and collapse onto my bed. I realize that my body does
feel sore and tired. And the left side of my face is very painful. But my mind
is wide awake and very preoccupied. What is Aaron doing? What is he hoping to
do? And why the hell am I so useless? I wanted to help him so badly. Instead,
I ended up reminding him of yet another problem he has to deal with. Of
course. How else could it have ended? With me actually being useful? That
would be the same day I stop blushing at almost everything he does or says.
Ha.

Although I am dreading it, I come to the conclusion that I might have to go to
the police station. But… how would that affect Aaron and his business? Would
it have any affect? To be honest, I didn’t even see my attacker’s face very
well. I wasn’t paying much attention, which _rarely_ happens, of course… I
need to learn how to be less of an idiot.

So I don’t even have much I could tell anyone. I decide that I will try to
talk my mom out of the police station idea. Perhaps I can wear down her
resolve, although, it seemed to not even weaken when I tried my best to pull
out her sympathy for my wounds. She barely flinched at all. What good would
filing a report be anyway? Just a bunch of paperwork and a colossal waste of
time. They’ll never find the guy regardless of whether I tell them the truth.
I barely saw his face and have no other useful information besides the mint he
offered me.

The mint. What if it was drugged?! Maybe he jumped me in order to knock me out
since I declined the mint. And I don’t even know how I was saved. What _did_
happen, after all? Although I want to unlock the answers to these questions
right now, I know that I have to practice patience and faith. If I am patient
I am certain Aaron won’t leave me in the dark forever.

I’m sure he’s trying his hardest right now to find out what happened... while
I am lying on my bed in my room, doing absolutely nothing.

Argh! I get up and pace the room a little, limping. But I collapse back onto
the bed in pure frustration of my situation and my complete lack of competence
and helpfulness.

There is a knock on the door so soft that I almost don’t hear it. Who is
knocking on my bedroom door? I sit up and quietly say,

“Come in.” At first the door doesn’t open so I don’t know if whoever is on the
other side of the door has heard me. I open my mouth to say it louder when the
doorknob turns and Max slinks into my room quietly.

“Max?!” I don’t hide any surprise I feel.

“Listen, I have a proposal.” This captures my attention and intrigues me. The
last time Max said this I ended up with 200 dollars and a big picture of my
face on the wall of some arcade at Banson Beach.

“I’m listening.”

“Tell me what really happened and I will help you talk Mom out of the police
station visit.”

“YOU little snake!” I hiss at him. “You plan everything so well.” I am
referring to his little instigation of my Mom’s police idea when we were
downstairs. He gives me a huge smile and then grows serious again.

“The offer will only be valid once, so think before you answer.” This kid is
way smarter than I give him credit for. My brother is an evil genius. But I
listen to him.

My mom would be much more likely to be swayed if the two of us oppose her
together. But… Max. Will he put himself in danger to try to get revenge? I
also would hate to further stain his view of Aaron and the Jeffers family.
But… the truth. Even I don’t know much of the truth. Perhaps Max won’t jump to
conclusions like Aaron and I have. It’s doubtful, but perhaps he will fully
believe in the possibility of it being a random crime. I only half believe the
possibility myself.

“Fine,” I say, listening to my gut instinct. I can trust Max. And even if it’s
only one person, it would be nice to talk to someone about everything.

“Good,” he says, now waiting in anticipation. I pause.

“Okay…” I pause again and Max just keeps watching me silently. “Well, after I
left, I got on the bus to go to Aaron’s house.” I tell him about the guy and
how I thought it was weird he sat right next to me but didn’t think anything
of it, or even pay much attention when he offered me a mint.

“Sis,” he pauses. “You’re kind of an idiot.”

“Yeah,” I say without skipping a beat, “already knew that.” I continue with my
story and he listens. I struggle with the actual event though. My details are
few and far between and I can tell Max is having a hard time following the
story. I’m having a hard time following my own recollections.

But I don’t stop at that. I also tell him about when I woke up and where I
was. I tell him what Aaron did for me/doing for me now and how I now have no
idea what is going on. After I finish talking, I fall back onto the bed and
silence prevails. We stay as we are for the next few minutes. I replay the
events in my head, while trying to figure out why I spilled everything to my
thirteen year old brother.

It should be my job as a big sister to protect him. I sit up and open my mouth
to try and fix my stupid mistake but Max cuts me off.

“Well I don’t know what’s happening but I plan to investigate.”

“Max, no!” I cry loudly. He shushes me but I only lower my voice a little.
“Please, promise me that you won’t! It will be too dangerous and if anything
happens to you because of me I guess I can start using that ‘World’s Worst
Sister’ keychain you gave me. Also, you won’t get very far. This is already
being pursued.” I remind him that Aaron is going to figure this out. I truly
believe he is the only one who can.

Max looks like he is going to argue to I quickly switch to plan b, compromise.
“Okay, how about this, if the issue isn’t resolved or being resolved in 24
hours you can investigate yourself all you want.”

He thinks this over for a few long moment and finally caves. “Deal.”

We shake on it. I feel relieved. But now I have an even bigger problem- trying
to get in contact with Aaron Jeffers. I need to find out what is happening. I
only have 24 hours to solve this, there’s no way I can let Max get caught up
in this shit. But the entire reason why I made that deal in the first place
was because it was based on faith. So I shouldn’t be so worried anyway. Maybe
I’m just concerned Aaron will push himself too hard and too far this time to
recover. I’m terrified I won’t hear from him.

I think about the paralyzing, gripping, chilling, heart-stopping fear that I
felt when I didn’t know if Aaron was alive. My stomach tightens just thinking
about it. But I can’t let myself go to that place again. I cannot allow myself
to feel that unparalleled fear. I still have nightmares about it- not even the
crash- but the _fear_. I cannot allow myself to think that could even be
plausible. If I allow myself to think that is possible, than I will never be
able to eat or sleep or be able to lead a normal life.

I would worry about Aaron every minute of every day. But as of now, I have no
time to think about it since my mom knocks on the door.

“Honey? Are you awake?” she asks, opening the door. I open my mouth to say I
am not presentable but she barges in… like her usual self. Upon seeing Max and
I in my room, without fighting, she becomes suspicious.

“Mom!” Max says, sounding annoyed. “We had an agreement,” he says. She looks
at him, seemingly confused. “Please, go," he says “I got this.” He raises his
eyebrows at her. I pretend to be ignorant of this, and look innocently at my
mom, in pretend confusion. She picks up rather quickly.

“Max,” she says, with a wave of her hand and a smile. “Whatever, I’ll talk to
you later, young man. Dinner will be ready in 5.”

He shrugs in response and she leaves. I pretend to be thankful that she
doesn’t address me. This satisfies us both when she leaves.

“She’s taken care of for now,” he says. “How is your boyfriend?”

“_Max_,” I say, trying to fight the blush creeping up my checks with
everything I have. Instead I turn bright red despite my best efforts. “He’s
not my boyfriend,” I emphasize. He doesn’t seem to notice. Instead he turns to
his cellphone and ignores what I am saying. I roll my eyes. Of course. He
never believes anything I say. I have lied to him before… so I guess I have to
accept that he lies to me in the first place _because_ of me.

What the hell am I supposed to do about this mess? I can’t contact Aaron, and
Grace hasn’t said anything. I am practically dying here. I wish he knew what
this feels like. Maybe he does. But it’s so cruel, it’s so grueling. I can’t
sit still, and I can’t run and I can’t bike or eat or sew or do anything with
all the anxious, unpredictable energy built up inside of me. I have no idea to
handle these nervous, un-tamable feelings.

“…And, I don’t know how he is doing,” I say softly. This fact upsets me but it
is something I just have to accept. Aaron Jeffers has absolutely no obligation
or responsibility to answer to _me_, of all people. I will just have to wait
patiently for his contact. Until then, I am helpless, although it is painful.

I eat dinner in near silence, only saying the minimum to get by and eat a
little- which is as much as I can eat at this point. Doesn’t he know what he
does to me when I am left in the dark? My phone buzzes. It is a sweet
sanctuary from the prying and inquisitive eyes of my family members. I am
hoping my parents will think I am not hungry because of today’s events.

My brother knows better though. He knows why I completely lack an appetite. He
has seen my desperation and my guilt, all my feelings invested in Aaron. I’m
sure it’s totally obvious that I’m practically obsessed with him. I’m not
exactly discreet. When I look at my phone, my heart begins to beat faster. I
have a text from an unknown number.

_Hey, it’s Sadie. My brother gave me your number. He asked me to tell you that
he’s okay. He’s sleeping now. Save my number! _

Even though it seems to be a simple text, something tightens in my stomach. I
know I can’t be certain with Aaron. He could still be out in town, doing
whatever he does to resolves these situations. I won’t speculate. I won’t even
think of or listen to speculation. It’s up to Aaron. Whatever he does in his
work is his choice alone, and he likes his privacy. I know better than to
meddle or speculate.

I save Sadie into my phone and choke down some more food. When everyone is
done we clear the dishes and I tell them all that I don’t feel well and no one
asks questions. I know my brother questions the validity of the statement, but
actually, this time I am telling the truth. I begin to feel weak and very
nauseas. I guess I start to look bad too because my brother offers to come
upstairs with me. I nod and say goodnight to my parents, climbing the stairs.

It seems and feels like I am climbing Mt. Everest by the time I get towards
the top. I am breathing hard and feeling lightheaded. I am glad that Max is
behind me because this might end badly for me. Good thing Max is beginning his
growth spurt and is now an inch or two taller and generally bigger than me, so
I don’t have to worry about squishing him if I pass out.

I make it to the top of the staircase somehow without losing consciousness and
I head to the bathroom to do my nightly routine. I complete it quickly tonight
and crawl into bed, after mumbling a thanks to Max, who watches me until I
stumble into bed, feeling extremely exhausted. Brownie snuggles against me and
I decide before falling asleep that Aaron will **never **hear of this.

