### The Runaway Chap. 2 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

"Good morning!" Alexander sat beside Vanessa the following morning in English.
She looked over at him and gave him a tiny smile.

"Morning," she spoke. He looked good, she thought, white v-neck shirt, white
jeans and a pair of sneakers. He thought the same thing about her, she looked
delicious in just a pair of jeans and a white tank top.

"How are you?" He asked as he sat back with his binder opened to the english
section.

"Fine, you?" She looked down at her own desk.

"Pretty good. I'm having a party tomorrow night, you should come," he invited
her. He thought she needed some social life and what better than a party?

"No thank you," she shook her head. The last thing she needed was a party.

"Come on. It'll be fun Vanessa," he smirked.

"No Alexander, but thank you," she gave him a brief nod. Only his parents
called him Alexander but he liked the way it came out of her lips.

"Fine, but I'll keep inviting you to these parties and stuff," he gave up, for
now. She said nothing as the class started. At lunch, she sat down by herself
at one of the furthest tables, avoiding everybody and everyone. She had an
apple and a book.

She felt someone approaching her and she looked up to find a guy, blonde hair,
blue eyes, looked like Queen Bitch's brother.

In his hand, he held a tray, on that tray there was spaghetti and ice cream.

She already knew what was going to happen.

Alex was entering the cafeteria when he heard the oooo's and he looked around
until his eyes landed on Vanessa and Jake, Stephanie's brother. Vanessa was
covered in spaghetti and ice cream. Jake was just about to pour the chocolate
milk all over her but Alex stopped him with a punch. He didn't know how fast
he got to that table but he made it and was so angry at Jake.

His punches hurt, they sounded like they did. "Stay away from her!" Alex
pulled back and glared at Jake. "You and your sister, stay the fuck away from
Vanessa!"

"The bitch is a murderer!" Jake growled.

"Were you there to see it?" Alex pushed him. "Stay away from her Jake, I'm
serious." Alexander then grabbed Vanessa's hand and took her backpack in the
other as he pulled her away from the eyes.

She didn't know what was happening until he had her in his car and was in the
driver's seat. He was mad, she saw it but he just drove off, glaring at the
roads.

They reached a beautiful mansion, three floor house with a porch. "Come on.
Let's clean you up." He helped her out and walked up to the door.

He led her upstairs, down the hall and around the corner until he had her in
his bathroom. He turned on the shower and he stepped back as he looked at the
disgusting art by Jake.

"Shower, you can use that robe, it's clean," he pointed over his shoulder.
"I'll have Lisa cook us some lunch." She stared at him as he stepped out,
closing the door behind him. She sighed and stripped naked and got into the
shower. The water felt amazing and she washed off the food from her hair.

When she was done, she pulled the robe on and walked out to find sandwiches on
the bed along with Alexander.

"Come and sit," he patted the bed. "They'll wash and dry your clothes."

"They?" She asked as she sat down. She was completely naked underneath the
robe.

"Servants," he shrugged. "Hungry?"

"Very!" They ate the lunch and sat full on his bed. "Thank you for that
today."

"He's a jerk, just like his twin sister," he rolled his eyes.

"He's right though," she closed his eyes and lowered her head. "I am a
murderer."

"He still shouldn't have said that," he couldn't resist himself. He allowed
his fingers to slide through her strands and he smiled when she saw her face,
full of pleasure. He believed he just found her weak spot. The smile he had on
his face disappeared softly as her lips parted and she bit on her bottom lip.

He shook his head of the dirty thoughts that had made their way to his head
and pulled his fingers out of her hair. Her eyes opened and met his green
ones.

"Sorry," he chuckled. "But I think I just found one of your spots."

A blush crept up her face and he laughed.

"Damn Vanessa, you are so cute," he smirked. "Want some clothes to get out of
that robe?"

"You have girl clothes?" She asked.

"No but you can wear my shirt and boxer briefs."

