### The Runaway by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Literally just woke up from dreaming this. I don't know where it's going. 

* * *

Here it is, Vanessa thought, my new high school. Sighing, she pulled her
backpack closer and walked towards the big front doors.

The school was big, had five floors and thousands of classrooms. She was just
dreading being in school for an entire year. But it was her last year and she
had to get through it.

Vanessa was a five'four with hazel eyes and long black hair. She was
caramelled skin, beautiful with a nice body to top it off.

She had been through a lot, more than what normal seventeen year olds go
through.

Stepping into the main office, she smelt coffee and she cringed at it, she
hated coffee..HATED IT!

The main office was empty except for the old lady with yellow teeth and
glasses standing behind the counter.

"Vanessa Delgado, I'm here to get my schedule," she breathed out. The old lady
said nothing as she went behind to get the piece of paper and when she finally
looked up at Vanessa, she noticed who she was, her face went pale and her eyes
got so big, she thought they'd pop out.

Vanessa kept a blank face as she took her schedule and walked out. Great, she
was recognized.

English, Trigonometry, Chemistry, Art, Lunch and Gym.

Ahh....perfect.

Walking through the hallways, she avoided the looks of all the students. She
thought she wouldn't get recognized, she let her hair grow long! She thought
she lookes different.

Turning the corner, she bumped into a boy walking around as well. "Sorry,
didn't even see you," he spoke. She looked up at him and found cupid himself
standing there with a soft grin on his face. He had green eyes, black hair
like hers and was so gorgeous, she almost fannedgirl him.

"Um, it's fine. I wasn't looking where I'm going," she looked away and pushed
past him before he could say something.

She had a feeling he was one of those popular kids. Hopefully, he wasn't one
of the jerk kind.

Entering the empty classroom, she sat at the far back and watched as students
filled the room. Eyes landed on her and she looked down at the table, ignoring
the whispers.

"You're in this classroom?" That voice spoke. She looked up and found Cupid.

"Uh..yeah," she nodded and turned her face away, staring out the window.

"I'm Alex, well Alexander but you can call me Alex," he sat beside her. Cupid
had a name, she thought.

"Vanessa," she whispered. Had he not heard of her? Of what she did? Why wasn't
he running away?

"Well hello there Vanessa, pleasure meeting you. You're obviously new here,
right?" He continued speaking to her as if she wasn't...nevermind.

"Yeah, my first day here actually," she answered.

"If you want, I can show you around Town High," Alex smiled. She intrigued
him. He heard the rumors, of how Vanessa Delgado had been admitted to the
school but he didn't think it was true and he certainly didn't think she'd be
this beautiful. Her hair was longer from when she was on the news, her body
filled out more. She was absolutely beautiful.

He had a feeling she wasn't what everybody else thought of her.

"No thank you. I just want to get through my last year," she looked at him
with her pretty hazel eyes. He smiled and she gave him a tiny smile.

"You need a friend though," he raised an eyebrow.

"You are my new friend, right?" She cheesed, letting herself loose. She wasn't
all that tensed around him.

"You damn right I am," he winked. "First things first, what is your favorite
color?"

"Yellow," she smiled. "Yours?"

"White," he shrugged. "What is your favorite food?"

"Pasta! You?"

"Barbeque Chicken. What is your favorite number?"

"8, yours?"

"24."

They continued asking each other questions until the bell rang and the class
started.

"I see we have a new student," the male teacher spoke. He looked around until
his eyes landed on Vanessa and his eyes went just as big as the old lady in
the main office. "Va-Vanessa Delgado." Everybody turned in their seats to look
at her and she lowered her head.

"Okay, look away," Alexander spoke. "Look away!" More whispers until the class
was sileng. She glimpsed up and found the teacher looking over at her before
starting his lesson.

The class ended pretty quickly and everybody walked, leaving Alex and Vanessa
behind. "Thank you," she smiled softly at him.

"Don't," he stroked her cheek. "Come on, I'll walk you to your next class."
She nodded and they walked to her math class. "We'll see each other in
Chemistry, okay?"

"Okay," she waved and entered. Almost immideately, the class quieted down and
she forced herself to keep a blank face.

The teacher for this class was absent so everybody did their own thing. She
sat and put her head down until a pair of hands slammed on her desk. She
slowly rose up, tensing all over. She saw who she knew was the Queen Bitch of
the school.

"Hi," the girl gave her a fake smile. "I'm Stephanie."

Vanessa nodded, looking at her two minions standing beside her.

"And you must be Vanessa," Stephanie spoke again. She had blonde hair, blue
eyes and a really nice body. "I heard you were walking with someone very
important today."

Alexander.

Great, they were a couple.

"Alex is mine, Vanessa. I don't want to be mean but he belongs to me. Please,
keep your hands to yourself." Vanesaa still hadn't said anything. Queen Bitch
winked and walked away.

What an interesting first day and this was only her second class.

At the end of the class, she stepped out and found her way to Chemistry.
Sitting at the back was Alexander and he smiled at her, waving her over.
Behind her, she heard a few heels and knew who it was. She looked down walked
to sit by the window, away from Alexander.

"Baby," Stephanie cheesed, smirking Vanessa's way.

"Not now," Alex glared at her and walked to sit beside Vanessa. "Why didn't
you come sit next to me?"

"No reason. I have to stay away from everybody, you know, my past," she
couldn't even look up.

"If your past mattered to me, I wouldn't have ever spoken to you," he sighed.
"I think I'm the only person not whispering rumors about you and looking at
you as if you were an alien. Give me some credit."

Vanesaa stood quiet as she listened. He sighed and sat back.

"You are not getting rid of me so easily Vanessa. Get used to me," he
chuckled. The class went by, the normal looks and whispers. By the end of the
day, she was tired of school and didn't want to come back but she knew she had
too.

"Murderer," someone whispered behind her. She gasped and turned on the
sidewalk, looking for somebody but found nobody. She breathed out and turned
to continue walking. "Murderer!" She continued walking, her head down.
"Assassinator." She started to run home, but the names kept being thrown at
her, tears were slipping from her eyes, they were getting blurry, she couldn't
breathe correctly and if it weren't for somebody pushing her out the way, a
car would have killed her.

She fell beneath someone and looked up to find Alexander, breathing hard,
glaring at her. "Are you crazy Vanessa? Did you not see that car?" She stared
at him, frowning. "Fuck, why are you crying? Did someone do something?"

She shook her head and pushed him gently until they were sitting. "I want to
go home," she sighed.

"I'll take you," he suggested.

"No. It's fine, thanks for saving," she stood up and waved. "Bye." Alex wanted
to go after her but he knew it was for the best to let her go...for now.

