### Sessions: Chap. 3 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Sorry this is a little late! I think I know where I'm going with this, but it you have any suggestions, I'm open to them! 

* * *

Blair's POV

The next day, as I walk into school wearing sweatpants and a sweatshirt to
hide the bruises and cuts, everybody whispers around me in the halls. Everyone
stares at me. I know that this means that they know something happened between
Lucas and me. Then I spot Lucas at his locker, chatting to some bitchy slut in
my AP Biochemistry class. I force myself to continue walking to my locker.
Lucas hasn’t seen me yet, and I plan to keep it that way. If he wants to play,
let him play. But he’ll never win because he already lost.

I spin my combination and my locker pops open. I put my backpack inside and
take out my Biochemistry books. As I walk to first period, I hear someone say
my name. The tone is harsh and hurt, like someone stabbed the person
emotionally and left them there to bleed. I immediately know who it is, but I
didn’t stab him. He hurt me. He left me because of some fucking accusation
when all he was doing was assuming things when he didn’t know shit.

Inside, I was seething with rage. I knew that I was not at fault here. Even
though I’d told myself (thousands of times, I will have you know) that Lucas
was just clueless and didn’t know any better, I knew that that was a lie.
Because I taught him how to control his anger, not to assume, not to hurt
others as a defense—I taught him all of that. I helped him. And yet, in
return, I get ditched to think about what I did? What _I _did? I refuse to
show any trace of rage. If Lucas sees that I am on the verge of exploding and
tackling him to the floor, he’ll think he won.

“Blair!”

I stop in the middle of the hallway. All conversations stop around me, and
everyone is silent. I slowly turn around and see Lucas staring at me. “What?”
I ask, swiping an innocent look on my face in less than a second. I know he
can see right through it, but nobody else can.

Lucas walks up to me and stops about a foot away. He’s so close that I can
feel his breath on my forehead. I raise my chin to look up at him. “What’s his
name?” he asks. He challenges me with his eyes. I can see that this is all a
show for our classmates, and that he’s really hurt inside. I hate that he’s
hurt, but he’s the one who assumed shit.

“Whose name?” I raise an eyebrow.

“Your boyfriend,” Lucas spits. He clenches his jaw, and inside, I laugh
evilly. Who does he think he is? Not all people lose their virginity by
choice.

“I don’t have one, Lucas,” I reply.

“Yes, you do, Blair. Stop lying to me. You lost your virginity. You had sex
with someone. Now, who took it? It’s got to be your boyfriend. So who is he?
Tell me, Blair. Tell me right now, or I swear to God, I’ll—”

He’s crossed the line. “Or you’ll what, Lucas?” I burst out. My voice is
rising by the minute. I haven’t lost my temper in over a year, but this has
gone too far. “Last time I checked, you were the one who took off without
letting me explain. Why does it bother you so much that I’m not a virgin? And
who the hell gave you the right to tell the whole world about my private
life?” I shout. I lower my voice, to almost a whisper. “And my virginity was
not lost, Lucas. It was stolen.”

With that, I spin around and walk off to Biochemistry. I calm my anger until
it’s just a spark waiting to ignite. When I get home, I’ll let the spark rage
into a fire in the basement—my father is a cop and has legal permission to
have a firing range in his basement—and take my anger out on the target. But
right now, I need to keep my composure. Composure is judgment, and judgment is
one of the keys to the future.

BioChem whizzes by. All we’re doing is taking a test, so the whole class is
silent. I slip out the door and make it to Calculus undetected. I scan the
room rapidly before Mrs. Kenton starts class. Lucas isn’t here. A flash of
concern passes through me, but I stuff it down my throat and keep it there. I
don’t say a word all class. No one objects. They all heard me yelling at
Lucas, so they know to keep their distance. Everyone at our high school—fuck
the high school, everyone in the entire town—knows that if anyone is bold
enough to scream at Lucas Adonis, then they’re bold enough to snap someone’s
neck.

* * *

Lucas’s POV

I don’t go to Calculus. I don’t even go to first period, which is Cultural
Literature. Instead, I run out the doors and go to the meadow where Blair and
I have our sessions. I sink to my knees in the grass and my eyes well up with
tears. Her words replay over and over in my head. _“And my virginity was not
lost, Lucas. It was stolen.”_ I look at my hands like they aren’t my own. I’m
so stupid. So fucking stupid. How could I not see it? The sadness in her eyes
yesterday, when we were on the ground and I was on top of her, was
unmistakable. I’m blind. I’m so blinded by my jealousy. As soon as she told me
she wasn’t a virgin, my mind blanked out and I assumed she had a loving
boyfriend in an instant. I didn’t think.

But when she told me it was stolen, a wave of distraught fell over me. It kept
coming and coming, and each time it toppled on me, new emotions came with it.
Sadness, horror, self-disgust, anger, everything. She was raped. My poor,
wonderful Blair was abused and she fought through it all by herself. And it
had to be before she moved here from France, because there haven’t been
reports of rape in this town in more than three decades. So she must’ve been
less than sixteen when it happened.

My poor Blair. My wonderful, loving, caring, tender, good-hearted, helpful,
smart, intelligent, beautiful Blair.

I look up and watch the grass. Then I see the blood. I immediately move closer
to inspect it. It’s fresh, probably from yesterday. Having an SVU detective as
a mother has its ups and downs. I stare at the blood. Its red color stands out
against the green of the grass. My brow furrows in confusion. Blair and I are
the only people who know about this spot in the meadow, beneath the oak tree.
The branches and leaves of the tree hide this spot from unwanted eyes. Who
else could know about it?

Then everything falls into place. I cover my mouth with my hand and lets the
tears that have been threatening to fall flow down my face. The drops stain
the ground as I scream in frustration. Why did I have to be an idiot
yesterday? I could’ve protected her. Blair told me she wasn’t a virgin right
before I left yesterday. Which means she’d been raped before then. But this
blood was fresh. It had to be hers. And this much blood could come from only
one thing besides a gunshot wound or murder: rape. Twice. _Twice._ My Blair
was abused _twice._ No woman should ever have to go through that. Never. Never
ever.

Tears blur my vision as I stumble up and start running blindly back to the
high school, which isn’t too far away. I throw the doors open. I’m just in
time for the beginning of passing time. “Blair!” I shout. “Blair!” The crowd
goes silent and unexpectedly parts for me. There, at the end of the hallway,
stands Blair. Her sweatshirt and pants hide things I know are there. Bruises,
cuts, scrapes, eternal scars. My eyes soften the moment I see her. Her eyes
tell me everything I need to know. My face is streaked with tears in front of
the whole senior class, but I don’t care. The only person I see is Blair.
Blair Vienna, the girl I love and will never hurt again.

