### The Runaway Chap. 3 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Alex couldn't help staring at Vanessa as she slept peacefully on his bed. They
had a pretty long day, watching a movie marathon, eating junk food and then
she fell asleep on his bed. She wore his t-shirt and his boxer briefs and
never looked more prettier.

He sighed as he looked down at his phone, receiving a message from his best
friend, Joseph.

**_"What the fuck happened back there?"_**

**_"Nothing,"_**_ _Alex responded.

_**"That didn't look like nothing, you better not be falling for a girl like
her. We all know what she did, shit, the entire country knows what she did
Alex."**_

_**"And? Just because we saw what happened on TV doesn't mean that it
concludes her personality and characteristics, from the times I've been with
her, she's a pretty nice girl. You guys can't judge her for what happened. You
know damn well that the fucking reporters don't know the full story, only she
does because the other two are fucking dead. Don't fucking judge her."**_

_**"Alex...dude."**_

_**"Shut up. I'll talk to you later."** _Alex finished turning off his phone
and layed back on the bed, closing his eyes. The news reporter didn't even
know half the fucking story, all they knew was that she had killed the other
two guys and they took her away.

But she didn't look like a murderer, she didn't look like a bad person.

Alex looked down at her and he knew that it had to be one of the best view
he'd ever seen.

She whimpered and searched for his warmth. The last thing he expected was for
her to press her body against his. He groaned and closed his eyes. Fuck...she
felt so good.

One of his hands wrapped in her hair, letting her rest her head on his chest
while the other hand wrapped around her tiny body.

He knew he wouldn't ever want to let her go. He wanted to keep her here with
him, in his arms, on his bed, in his clothes.

While thinking of the girl who killed two people, he fell asleep.

Vanessa woke up to darkness. She felt Alexander breathing in and out, his
hands on her body. Her eyes widened as she pulled back and looked down at him.
He was sleeping!

She frowned and looked down at his clothes on her.

What was she doing here? With him? He was taken for goodness sakes and she
was...bad news. She didn't deserve a friend like him. Sighing, she got off his
bed and went for her clothes that had been laying on the dresser. She quickly
changed in the bathroom, put his clothes in the hamper and then walked out.
She heard voices downstairs but she made it out the front door in a flash.

Then she went home, to her home.

The next day, she entered the school, avoiding the looks that everybody was
giving her. She mentally rolled her eyes and made it to English. She sat in
her usual seat and looked out the window. What would today hold in stock for
her?

Alexander entered a minute later, finally breathing when his eyes landed on
her. "You," he shook his head as he sat beside her. "Why did you leave like
that? Why didn't you wake me up and let me know that you were leaving?"

"I uh," she frowned. "Stay away from me Alexander."

"No Vanessa," he slammed his hands on his desk. "Why the hell do you keep
pushing me away?"

"Alexander," she could feel everybody's eyes on them, even the teacher.
"Please stop."

"No," he was angry, he was fucking angry. "You have to fucking listen to the
words that are coming out of my mouth, I have never fucking judge you, not
like this entire school does to you every second of the day. I am the only
person here for you and I haven't given you a reason to push me away from me.
Break those walls and trust me!"

"She's going to kill you," a student spoke from behind Alexander. Vanessa
flinched and tears filled her eyes. Alexander saw the tears threatning to fall
and he turned, grabbing the kid by the collar and whilst sitting down,
Aexander punched him.

Vanessa took the chance to grab her stuff and run from the class. The hallway
was almost empty, except for a few students who were at their lockers.

Alexander ran after her, running quicker than her and grabbing her by the
waist. "Let me go!" she pushed from him.

"No," he turned her and cupped her face. He wiped the tears from her eyes and
frowned. "Don't listen to them."

She laughed with no humor and his face fell. "I can kill you Alexander. It
will be so easy. I can kill you, it won't take away sleep from my nights."

"Shut up," he shook his head. "I don't believe you. It took all the guts in
the world to kill those two idiots who I know did something to you. You are
not a heartless person Vanessa so you shut the fuck up!" Her eyes turned blank
and she gave him a cold look, wanting to scare him.

He stared at her, waiting for her eyes to turn normal but they never did. She
just pushed him with all her might and he let her. Then she smiled and walked
away.

Alexander was stuck between wanting to run for her and wanting to let her go.
She needed time but he had a feeling that if he let her run, he wouldn't ever
see her again.

So he ran. He ran after.

