### Sessions: Chap. 4 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This one is a little longer than usual, but I couldn't stop writing! 

* * *

Lucas's POV

I walk towards her, going faster as I get closer. I wrap my arms around her
and press her against me. Her cheek rests on my shoulder. I feel her tremble
slightly. My tears fall once again as I feel her shake. The horror she must
have gone through. And I wasn’t there to protect her. I could’ve stopped it
from happening but I didn’t. I ran away like a coward. “I’m sorry,” I
whispered. “I’m so sorry Blair. I didn’t know. I was a jerk and an idiot for
leaving you. I won’t ever let you go again. I’m sorry I wasn’t there to
protect you. I should’ve been there for you, but I wasn’t. I was scared. I was
blinded by stupid jealousy when I really had nothing to be jealous of. And I’m
sorry that I let everyone know something about you when I had no right to. I’m
sorry I didn’t let you explain yesterday. I can’t explain how mortified I am.
I hate myself. I understand if you won’t forgive me, Blair.” I pull away and
wipe my eyes with my sleeve. I look at her and give her a little smile. “So
thank you for everything you’ve done for me, for helping me when I was a jerk
to you, for not giving up on me, for tolerating my horrible actions and words.
I hope we can still be friends, but if we can’t, I understand.”

I turn my back and start walking away. There’s no way I can face her again
today. I’ll just skip my classes and stay at home. Just as I’m about to reach
the door, I hear her. “Lucas, wait.” I hold my breath and stop, my hand frozen
in place as it’s reaching for the handle of the door. “Lucas, look at me.” I
don’t turn around even though I hear footsteps. “Lucas, please,” Blair says
quietly, her voice extremely close now. I turn around slowly. I open my eyes
and look at her. I see forgiveness written all over her face, but she’s
frowning.

‘I forgive you, Lucas, and I want to stay friends.”

My head drops and I stare at the floor, fresh tears welling up again. I don’t
think I’ve been this emotional in my entire life. “I don’t deserve to be
forgiven, Blair.”

I feel her finger raise my chin up, forcing me to look at her. “Lucas, you _do
_deserve to be forgiven. Do not think otherwise. You are a wonderful person
and I would be stupid to let you walk away.”

“Blair,” I whisper.

“Yes?”

“Why are you still frowning?” I know I’m taking a leap of faith here, but I
want Blair to be happy. If she’s happy, I’m happy.

Blair tips her head to the side. “Because I don’t know what to do about my
feelings right now.”

“Can I try wiping the frown off your face?” Okay, an even bigger leap. I know
there’s a good chance—okay, maybe 99.9% chance—that she’ll flip out and run
away and never look at me again, but there’s also a slight chance she won’t.

Blair nods slowly. “What’re you going to do?” Now she’s just keeping the frown
on for show, just to egg me on. And hell, I’m going to take that challenge.

“This,” I answer, and lean in slowly. I close my eyes and brush my lips across
hers. I feel her smile and I kiss her harder. She replies by tangling her
fingers in my hair and pulling me closer. I hear the people around us cheer. I
practically forgot they’re there. I smile and kiss Blair again. The bell cuts
the kiss short—way too short in my opinion, but that can be mended later—and
we have to part ways to go to class. I reluctantly let go of her hand and go
to class, a big grin on my face.

“Hey man,” someone behind me says as I sit down at my desk. “So, are you guys,
like, dating now?”

I turn around to see Leion, one of Blair’s friends. “I haven’t asked her to be
my girlfriend yet, but I will soon. I just want to give her some time to get
used to me.”

Leion looks at me, confused. “Used to you? You’ve been best friends for months
now!”

I shake my head. “Yes, but…I’ll tell you after class.”

Leion gives me a funny look. “Okay man, whatever you say. And by the way, if
you ever hurt her again, I’m going to be the first in line to kick your ass to
Mexico. Got it?”

I nod, grinning, and open up my notebook. Today is going to be a long
day—longer than usual. Blair is only in my Calculus class, and I skipped that
this morning.

* * *

Blair’s POV

I meet Lucas at the bleachers after school. I run up to him and jump into his
waiting arms. “Hey Lucas,” I say, grinning like an idiot.

“Hey you,” he replies, kissing my nose.

“A little farther down,” I tease. He kisses my lips gently. “We have a lot to
make up for.”

“Yes, we do,” Lucas agrees. He kisses me harder. I wrap my arms around his
neck and pull him closer to me. We stand in the bleachers for a while—the time
slips by, so I don’t know exactly how long—and leave the school campus after.
“Do you want to go back to the meadow or—”

“Not the meadow, please,” I whisper immediately. It took an extremely long
time to get over the first time. I can’t go back to the meadow ever again.
It’ll bring up…nightmares. Real memories that were so horrific I can’t even
think about it without closing my eyes and shaking violently. “Let’s go
somewhere else.”

Lucas nods and puts his arm around my shoulders as we walk. “Let’s go back to
my house,” he suggests. “It’s Friday—do you want to stay for dinner? My dad is
a really good cook. I think we’re having spaghetti and meatballs tonight.”

“Are you sure? I don’t want to intrude on your family dinner…” I frown.

“No frowning.” I immediately stop. Lucas continues. “He’ll love to meet you.
You’re all I talk about and he’s been annoying the hell out of me lately. He
says, ‘Just bring her over and put me out of my damn misery Lucas!” I laugh
and rest my head on Lucas’s shoulder.

“Then I’d love to come. I just have to ask my dad really quick.” We stop and
sit on a bench. We have to go through the park to get to the main road, which
is kind of far from the school campus. It makes no sense, but it’s true. I
dial my dad’s number on my phone—it’s one of those crappy phones that break
all the time—and wait for him to pick up.

“Hello?”

“Hi dad, it’s me, Blair.”

“Oh hey, Blair, how’s it going honey?”

“Pretty good. Um, so, can I go over to a friend’s house? He wants me to stay
for dinner.”

“He?”

“Dad, he’s not my boyfriend.” I steal a glance at Lucas and sigh. “And his dad
really wants to meet me.”

“Are you sure? What’s his name? Do I know him?”

“His name is Lucas. Dad, can I just please go? I don’t really want to have the
Boyfriend Speech right now.”

“Alright, fine. But you better not do anything stupid, Blair.”

“I won’t! Do you really think I’m that moronic?”

“No, of course not. You can go, just be back by ten. There’s supposed to be a
snowstorm tonight.”

“In March?” I raised an eyebrow at Lucas, who frowned back. _What? _he
mouthed.

“Yeah. Anyway, have a good time Blair. And call me if you need anything. When
I say anything—”

“You mean anything,” I finish. “I know, Dad. Okay, see you later! Bye!”

“Love you.”

“Love you too.” I hang up and put my phone in my pocket. “I can go,” I tell
Lucas. He nods.

“What was the eyebrow raising about?”

“There’s supposed to be a snowstorm tonight. In March,” I reply. Lucas laughs.

“Right, I heard about that on the news this morning.”

I punch him lightly in the shoulder. “And you didn’t tell me?”

He puts his hands up in mock defense and grins. “Sorry, I forgot.”

We start walking, Lucas leading the way. I’ve never been to a guy’s house
before, but I’m not nervous. Nothing will happen.

Lucas interrupts the silence a few minutes later. “Why didn’t you tell him,
Blair?” he asks quietly.

I don’t answer and keep walking. Lucas stops beside me and lifts my chin,
making me look at him. His light brown eyes tell me that I can talk to him. I
know that already, but I don’t know if I’m ready to talk about it to anyone.
Not yet.

I sigh. “Because he doesn’t have to know yet.”

Lucas opens his mouth to speak, but nothing comes out. I start walking.
“Blair.” I continue walking, picking up speed as I go. “Blair.” _Don’t turn
around, Blair. Just keep walking. Goddammit, Blair, what the hell were you
thinking? You’re going to _Lucas Adonis’s _house?_ “Blair!” he shouts. I stop.

“What, Lucas?” My tone is a little harsher than it should be, but I can’t help
it. _Control, Blair, control. Don’t let all your hard work go to waste in a
single moment._

I feel Lucas’s hot breath on my neck. “Blair, we can catch him if you tell
your dad. The sooner he knows, the sooner we’ll be able to find who did it to
you.”

I whirl around. “But don’t you see? If he knows, I won’t be allowed to do
anything. _Anything._ I won’t be allowed to go anywhere without an adult, go
shopping by myself, go out with friends…nothing. He’s extremely
overprotective. We left France because of me.”

Lucas shakes his head. “He was just trying to protect you.”

“Yeah, but maybe I don’t want to be protected. Maybe I don’t want to have
anything to do with the police, okay?”

“But, Blair…” Lucas frowns. I groan in frustration. “Your father is a police
officer.”

“Yeah, I know, but I…just, never mind, okay? Just leave it alone. Please,
Lucas.” I silently beg him to drop the subject, but I see determination in his
eyes. This is going to be a long walk.

“No, Blair. I’m not going to drop this until you tell me why you won’t tell
someone who can help you!”

I narrow my eyes. This is going to take a lot of explaining. I know he won’t
drop it until I tell him everything.

