### The Runaway Chap. 4 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Vanessa barely made it outside the school doors before she bursted into tears.
Pure sobs that had been locked up in her chest.

Everything was going wrong! She fooled herself thinking she could come to high
school and finish her last year without drama. Every fucking corner she turned
someone was calling her a murderer, an assassinator.

She was, dammit, she was a fucking killer. She had killed them without
thinking twice about it. She took their soul away, she saw how their eyes
became lifeless.

"Baby," Alexander spoke behind her, turning her softly until their eyes met.
"Oh baby." He frowned as he pulled her against him, thanking God when she went
with no problem. She buried her face in his chest and cried like there was no
tomorrow.

Alexander wanted nothing but to bury her and him in a hole and hide away
forever.

She didn't deserve to continue getting hurt and judged for what happened. He
believed that there was a story behind what she did.

"It's going to be okay Vanessa," he kissed her head full of hair. "I promise,
I'll always be here to protect you."

"They'll hate you," she pulled back whimperig and sniffling. "You can't
protect me."

"I can and I will," he cupped her face, kissing her forehead. "Let's get out
of here." She nodded and he held her hand as he led her to his car. They got
in and he drove away.

"Where are we going?" She thought to ask.

"We're running away," he smiled. "At least for a day...or two."

"We have school," she smirked. He chuckled and winked at her.

"They'll be okay," he drove into the highway. "Just sit back and enjoy the
ride Vanessa Delgado."

The ride was about an hour and a half, they were definitely not in the town
anymore. But she was totally fine with that, Vanessa felt comfortable around
Alexander, she even loosened up and sang along with the songs playing from the
radio.

He enjoyed watching her happy and he made a promise to himself that he'd
continue to make her happy.

They arrived at another mansion and she gasped, this one was so much prettier
than the one he lived in back in town.

"Who lives here?" She asked.

"My older brother," he parked in front of the house. "But he isn't here, he's
away on business with my parents."

"Go figure," she got out the car. He met her and grabbed her hand.

"Are you hungry?" He asked her as they made their way to the front door. He
used his key to enter and close the door behind them. "Nana!?"

A minute later, an older lady walked in with a smile. "Oh my baby!" She walked
up to Alexander and gave him a tight hug and huge kiss. "And this is?"

"Vanessa this is my Nana and Nana this is Vanessa," Alexander smiled. Nana had
rich gray hair in a nice bon with a house dress and her slippers. She had
light brown eyes and a really nice smile.

"Hi," Vanessa smiled. Nana cheesed and gave her a hug.

"What are you kids doing here?" Nana asked.

"We just needed to get away," Alexander shrugged. "Can we stay here?"

"Of course. I was just making cookies, go make yourself at home and I'll bring
them to you," she nodded.

Alexander thanked her and grabbed Vanessa's hand, guiding her upstairs and
into his room. He closed the door and turned to her. "Want another of my
shirts and boxer briefs?"

Vanessa bursted out laughing and he chuckled. "I'd love to have another set of
your clothes."

"By the way, you look absolutely beautiful in my clothes," he took a step
forward. "You look stunning and so pretty." She blushed and looked down at the
floor. "Don't hide from me baby." He raised her face by putting two fingers on
her chin and he smiled as he kissed the corner of her lips. "Vanessa."

She knew she couldn't. Not without him knowing what exactly happened that
night.

"I want to tell you what happened that night," she whispered. "Please let me
tell you."

"Okay, let's sit," he held her hand and they sat on the bed. He stared at her
pretty face and smiled in encouragement. "Tell me everything you want to tell
me."

"Those two guys, well, they were my brother's older brothers. My father had my
brother with a different woman and that woman had three other kids, those two
guys and a girl. We constantly crossed pathes. They seemed nice, they seemed
really nice," she frowned and climbed onto Alexander's lap, begging him with
her body to hold her and he did, tightly. "But something was wrong with their
heads. They started to become aggressive with women, including my mother. She
was innocent, she didn't have anything to do with them but they wanted
something to do with her.

"They followed her to her job one night and they pulled her into an alley and
raped her. They killed her afterwards. We only found out because there was
cameras at that alley, but somehow, someway, they had a cop on their side and
the footage was deleted.

"Then after they did what they did to my mother, they went for my sister and
I," Vanessa frowned and held on tightly to Alexander. "Please, don't let go of
me Alexander."

"I won't baby, you can trust me. Stop telling me if it's too much," he kissed
her cheek.

"No. It's fine. So they started talking to my sister and she kept telling them
to leave her alone. They weren't having it. They found their way to her
apartment and raped her as well. The way they killed my mother was by a simple
choking. What they did to my sister was just plain horrible." Vanessa buried
her face in Alexander's neck and cried, remembering every single piece of her
sister's body arriving at her house in boxes.

"They sliced her into pieces, they sent her body parts to us in boxes," she
sobbed. Alexander closed his eyes and held her as tightly as he could. Those
bastards, if they weren't aready dead, he'd kill them himself.

"Baby stop, I don't need to know anymore," he whispered to her. "It's okay."

"I'm almost done Alexander, please," she pulled back to look into his eyes. He
nodded and kissed her forehead. "The night they came for me, I had been
sleeping at a friend's house, she was having a sleepover with a few girls
over. They slipped into her house and killed one of the girls in the bathroom,
then theh made their way into the bedroom we were at and grabbed me. They
knocked me out and took me to an apartment. The apartment was empty,
completely empty and they left me on the floor, naked and cold."

"I don't want to know anymore," Alexander bit out.

"They had raped me as well but I wasn't going to let them kill me. I found
them sitting on a simple couch, resting their eyes. A gun was on one of their
laps and I grabbed it. I shot them, both. And I saw them die.

"The police had no evidence of them killing my mother and sister and the poor
girl in the bathroom, but they put me away and the story that the news aired
was just half of it. Yes I killed them but they also killed my family and an
innocent girl. My father took the chance to take my younger brother and
disappear from my life, leaving me all alone. I had to kill them because if
not, they'd kill me Alexander."

She stared into his eyes and he frowned as she wiped her tears away. He didn't
say anything as he leaned in and pressed a tiny kiss to her lips. "They
deserved it. I'm happy you're okay and alive. We'll work through tis together.
Forget everybody else but you and I, okay? Promise me we'll work on this
together."

"I promise Alexander." She knew she was making a good choice trusting
Alexander.

This time, she was the one who raised his face and kissed his lips.

