### Sessions: Chap. 5 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Feedback greatly appreciated! I've been writing for a long time, just thinking of what Blair's background should be. I hope you aren't disappointed with it :-) 

* * *

Blair's POV

“Fine. I’ll explain when we get to your house.”

We walk in silence as we approach a beautiful property. The house is enormous;
it’s made of stone and wood, the combination I’ve always wanted for my dream
house. It’s got three stories and at least three acres for a backyard. There
are three garages and a Porsche and a BMW convertible sitting in the driveway.
The BMW is black and the Porsche is a rich royal blue. There are tall green
trees—which are probably amazing for climbing—scattered everywhere. Roses and
peonies and lavender decorate the fences. This is Lucas’s _house?_

* * *

Lucas’s POV

I laugh as Blair gapes at my house. “My dad makes a lot of money and chooses
to spend it on things like giant houses,” I explain sheepishly.

“Yeah, no shit, dumbass. I’m so jealous! This is like my dream house!”

“Hey, you never know. Maybe you’ll be living in it one day.” She shoots me a
‘stop kissing my ass’ look and continues to admire the house. “Let’s go. My
dad’s been waiting a while to meet you.”

We enter the house through the front door and I call, “Dad! I’m home!”

In seconds, someone comes jogging down the stairs. My father is surprisingly
young and handsome. A lot of people say I get my charms and looks from him. My
dad’s eyes light up when he sees that I am not alone. “Hey, Lucas. And who
might this young lady be?” He sticks out his hand.

Blair shakes it in return and replies, “Blair Vienna, sir.”

“Blair Vienna?” Dad turns to me. “This is the girl you’ve been talking about
nonstop for months?” I nod. “I must say, you are a very beautiful girl, Blair.
I hope my son has been treating you well.”

Blair smiles. “He has, Mr. Adonis.”

“Oh, please, just call me Rex.”

Blair nods. “Of course, Mr.—I mean, Rex.”

I take her arm and tug slightly. “Well, I’d love to chat, but we’ve got some
homework to do, Dad.”

“Go ahead. Have fun. Wait, Lucas, can I talk to you for a moment?”

“Um, Lucas, can I use the restroom real quick?”

I point down the hallway. “Last door on the left.” Blair leaves and shuts the
door behind her. “What?” I ask my dad.

His eyes darken. I know that this could only mean one thing: I’m going to get
a lecture. “Lucas, do you love her?”

That’s the last thing I expected him to say. I stare at him. “Lucas,” my dad
repeats. “Do you love Blair?”

I nod slowly. “Yeah, I do. I just don’t know how and when to tell her. She…” I
lower my voice. “Dad, you can’t tell anyone. You have to swear. You can’t
fucking tell _anyone._ Not even her dad.”

Dad raises an eyebrow. “Okay, I promise.”

“She was raped yesterday. For the second time. Not by me, but by someone else.
I want to give her some time before I tell her. It’ll take a while for her to
heal, in more ways than one.”

Dad’s eyes widen. “Twice?” He looks down the hallway as if expecting to see
Blair’s red hair and her dark eyes staring at him. “But she’s so composed…if I
didn’t know any better, I would think she’s at least 21.”

I shake my head. “I know, but it’s true. And please, don’t ask her anything
about it. She hasn’t told anyone yet and she doesn’t want anyone to know.”

“Of course, Lucas. I won’t say a word. But…twice? Both times yesterday?”

“No. I’m pretty sure the first time was in France, before she moved here after
our sophomore year…I can’t imagine how horrible it must be for her.” I sigh.
“I wish I could do something about it, but I can’t.”

Dad puts his hand on my shoulder. “Lucas, what she needs right now is someone
to be there for her. If you’re right by her side, then you’ve already helped
her tremendously.”

Just then the door opens and Blair comes down the hallway. “Ready to get
started on homework?”

I smile and lead the way upstairs. I steal a glance over my shoulder and my
dad nods his head at me. I go into my bedroom and shut the door behind me as
Blair sits on the bed. I can’t help but feel like she belongs here: with me.
Blair hesitates before she starts to explain everything.

“I was born in France. We lived in a city called Vézelay until I was seven.
Then we moved to Paris. My dad got a job as an officer there. He worked the
night shift. My mother hated it. When I was in 8th grade, she told me that she
suspected he was having an affair. I didn’t know whether to believe her or
not. During the rare times that I saw him at home in Paris, he always treated
me like a princess. He loved me. One night, when I was a sophomore, it got out
of hand. I was supposed to be asleep—it was around five in the morning when my
dad came home. I had to get up for school at six, but I woke up early because
I had to take a shower.

“They argued loudly. I’m sure the people living in the apartment above us
weren’t happy. I eavesdropped. My dad accused my mother of following him. My
mom denied it. Then I heard some pans crashing and something shattering on the
floor. I didn’t get up—I wanted to, but I was afraid that I would regret it.
So instead, I got up and sneaked out my window. I climbed down the tree next
to the apartment building and ran away. I was told to never go in the streets
alone at night, but that night, I was only focused on seeking peace. I never
found it.

“Instead, I found myself on a deserted street close to the border of the city.
Our apartment wasn’t too far from the outskirts of Paris. A black car pulled
up and a man rolled down the driver’s window. He asked, ‘Need a ride
somewhere, miss?’ Of course, I wasn’t stupid enough to say yes. So I shook my
head. That’s when he pulled a gun out. I knew it wasn’t a fake; my dad taught
me the difference. He told me to get in the car or else he’d shoot me. I saw
the silencer so I knew no one would be there to help me if I was shot. So I
went inside the car. He blindfolded me and drove. It must’ve been at least an
hour. When we stopped, he yanked me out of the car and threw me down on grass.
He didn’t take the blindfold off. He forced me to get on my knees. He ripped
the clothes off my body. I was only wearing pajamas. Then he raped me.

“He left me there and drove away when he was done. I still have some scars
from it.” Blair lifts her sweatshirt up to reveal a nasty mark just above her
bellybutton. Then she yanks the sweatshirt back down and continues. My mind is
still processing the fact that she isn’t showing any sign of emotion as she’s
retelling the events.

“I didn’t bring my phone with me. I stayed there until the next afternoon. A
woman, Marie Antoinette was her name, saw me on the side of the road. She
pulled over and helped me into her car. Then she drove me to the hospital. I
stayed there for a few hours before my parents found me. They were both so
worried. When they saw the bruises and marks, they both started accusing each
other. That led to literal Hell.

“They took turns staying with me at the hospital. When I was well enough to
leave, my parents took me back to our apartment. It was a mess. Things were
shattered, glass was on the floor, pans were scattered across the apartment
and there were dents in the walls. They must’ve had a big fight. Then they
told me they were getting a divorce. I had a feeling it was coming because
they’d been drifting apart ever since we moved to Paris. They fought for full
custody and my father won. Apparently, my mom had become an alcoholic right
under my nose. Dad said it started when I was a freshman. She had to be sent
to a rehabilitation center.

“I couldn’t deal with the horrible nightmares. Everything in Paris reminded me
of what happened. So I told my dad and we moved immediately. We came here, to
the US, after I finished my sophomore year. I attended our high school. Then I
met you at the beginning of this year. You know the rest.”

I stare at Blair. How can she be so strong? She carries this burden around
with her all the time and hasn’t shown it once. I feel tears starting to form
in my eyes. I swear, today has been the most emotional day of my life. I
haven’t cried like this since…well, as long as I can remember.

I wrap my arms around Blair and pull her to me. That’s when I feel her heart
beating fast and her arms having small seizures. She trembles in my arms as I
close my eyes and kiss the top of her head. I bury my face in her red hair and
breathe in. A tear falls. “I’m sorry,” I whisper. “I’m so sorry.”

