### The Runaway Chap. 5 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-06-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

"So who do you live with when at the house that's in the town?" Vanessa asked
Alexander. They were at the backyard where there was a pool. They were sitting
on the beach chairs in wet clothes.

Alexander had suggested going for a swim and they did, chasing after one
another for while before Alexander had leaned in and pressed a tiny kiss to
her lips.

"I live with the servants, sometimes but my parents come home from business
trips but then they leave two days later," he shrugged. "I haven't seen them
for two weeks already."

"You must miss them," she looked down at her toes.

"Yeah, a lot," he answered.

"And what about Stephanie?" she didn't dare look at him.

"What about her?" Alexander looked at her. "She's just Stephanie, she thinks
we're together, she think we belong together but we really don't, I don't feel
nothing for her, we probably just messed around for a while."

"She said you belonged to her," she glimpsed at him. "She warned me away from
you."

"I know she did," he sighed. "She told me to stay away from you as well but
did we listen to her? No, because we still here, right?"

She smirked and nodded. "Do you know what's for lunch?"

"You're always thinking of food," he rolled his eyes. He grabbed her hand and
pulled her to him. She straddled his lap and he smiled up at her. "Did you
know you're beautiful, Vanessa? You are absoultely beautiful and I love
looking at you."

"Thank you for calling me beautiful," she blushed and rested her head on his
shoulder. "You are handsome and cute as well."

"I know I am," he chuckled. He turned his head and kissed her gently. Their
kisses were getting heated each and every time they kissed. They probably
didn't know where this was leading them but they were planning on staying on
the train together to figure it out.

The following day, they didn't want to go to school and they stood at the
house. That night, he had taken them back to the town and she refused to show
him where she lived so she told him to just drive to his house and she'd walk.
He tried arguing but she wouldn't have it.

The next day, she made it to school, expecting everything to be okay but as
she walked into the building, she saw posters of her story and pictures of her
mugshot planted all over the walls and lockers. Every student walking by her
had one in their hands as well.

Her heart dropped as she looked around. Stephanie, Jake and a few other
students were walking to her in a group, laughing. She blinked as they
approached her.

"Well, wanna help us finish the story?" Stephanie smirked. "Since you killed
the other two that were with you."

"Stephanie, you better be careful," another girl giggled. "She might kill you
too." Each and every word spoken by them were like a stab to her stomach, it
literally hurt but she refused to show that she was hurting.

"If she touches my sister, I'll kill her, I think the country will be happy if
I got rid of the murderer," Jake glared at me. "You don't know how much I want
to put my hands on her and hurt her."

Vanessa stared into Jake's eyes, daring him.

Stephanie helped her brother by grabbing Vanessa's arm and pulling her into an
empty classroom. Everybody were watching what was happening but Vanessa knew
that the entire student body was afraid of Stephanie and her brother so they
would stay shut.

The door closed behind Jake and he chuckled evilly. "Thank you sis," he
stepped up and grabbed Vanessa by the hair, gripping it hard. She bit on her
tongue to keep from whimpering.

"You, you are a bitch that deserves to be murdered," he had a very bad look on
his face. He raised the other hand, fisted it and swung, hitting her in the
cheek.

Vanessa reacted by kneeing him in the balls and he hissed, groaning. His
friends, two boys, grabbed her arms and held her back while Jake recovered
from the hit.

When he was done jumping around, he walked to her and punched her harder in
the face. He swung with both hands and then hit her gut. She cried out and
they all laughed at her. "Finally, we've broke her down." He hit the same spot
again and again and she screamed out in pain.

She didn't know how she ended up on the floor but she did and the pain only
got worse because he kicked her a few times and kicked her face as well.

"If I were you, I wouldn't speak bitch, I'd pack my shit and leave," Stephanie
lowered herself and smiled at her. "And stay away from Alex. You murderer."

They walked out, leaving her in the classroom. Alex had looked for Vanessa the
entire day, not being able to find her. He sat at lunch with Joseph, waiting
to see her walk in but she never did.

"Relax, she probably went home," Joseph rolled his eyes.

"If something happened to her," Alex shook his head. "Something is weird." Of
course Joseph didn't understand because he wasn't hanging out with Vanessa.

Jake, from the other side of the room, smirked at Alex when Alex had looked
around. That caught Alex's eyes and he glared at him, immideately knowing he
had to do with why Vanessa had disappeared.

He stood up and made his way to Jake and his sister, she looked up and
mimicked Jake by giving him a smirk. "Where is Vanessa?" Alex put his hands on
their table.

"Vanessa who?" Stephanie rolled his eyes.

"Both of you know damn well who I'm talking about, where the fuck is she? What
did you do to her?" beside him, Joseph appeared and he glared at Jake, their
groups didn't get along, simple.

"We didn't do anything," Jake shrugged. "She probably got tired of being
called a murderer, which she is and left."

"I swear, if I find out you two did something to her, you'll regret it," Alex
growled. "I'm going to make sure you pay."

"Oooo, what a threat," Jake chuckled. "Go by your way Alex, please, you're
disturbing me." Alex slammed his fist against the table and walked away from
their table with Joseph.

"He did something to her, they both did something to her and when I find out,
nobody's going to be able to hold me back," Alex turned to look at his best
friend.

"I'm with you on that one. I'm sorry if I didn't understand before but I feel
like there's something more to what she did and you know it. You wouldn't be
defending her if she wasn't a good person. Count on me okay?"

"First we need to find Vanessa to know what happened," Alex looked around the
cafeteria along with Joseph before their eyes landed on Jake and Stephanie,
who were staring at them back.

Nobody said nothing as they stared at each other, more like glared and Alex
had a bad feeling about this, a very bad feeling about this.

