### Sessions: Chap. 6 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This one is a little long, but you can decide whether a lot happens or not. :-) 

* * *

Lucas's POV

Blair leans back enough to look at me. She gives me a small smile. “It’s
okay,” she whispers.

“No,” I protest. “It’s not okay. I was horrible to you yesterday and every
moment after I left, I was thinking about you. I tried so hard to forget you
and convince myself that you lied to me about having a boyfriend. But I was
stupid; I wasn’t thinking with my mind.”

“You were hurt and I understand that, Lucas.”

I drop my eyes. “Blair, I don’t know how you’re so forgiving, but I’m glad
we’re friends again.”

“Are you sure?”

I look up. “About what?”

“Are we really friends?”

“Well, yeah…right? Unless that’s not what you want.” A small spark of hope
ignites within me. Does she feel the same way? Did our kiss really mean
something?

Blair watches me with sad eyes before she shakes her head. “I guess this
morning was all a joke, then.”

“What?” I stare at her incredulously.

“Once a player, always a player.” Blair jumps off the bed angrily and runs to
the door. I push her against the wall before she can turn the doorknob.

“Blair, what are you talking about?”

She gives me a death look, glaring at me like she wants to slice me open with
a butter knife as my death penalty. “We kissed this morning and you’re acting
like it never happened. Like we’re not more than friends. Now let me go. I’m
leaving.”

This only makes me push her harder against the wall. “No,” I breathe. “You are
not just a friend to me, Blair. So don’t act like you’re the victim here,
okay?”

Blair narrows her eyes as I realize what I’ve just said. I close my eyes and
swallow hard. “I didn’t mean it like that, Blair.”

She tries getting free of my grip but fails. “You don’t know what you just
said, Lucas. Now _let me go_.”

I shake my head. “Blair, I…damn, how do I say this… I don’t…I’ve never…” I
groan in frustration. Why did I have to mess this up? All I had to do was keep
my mouth shut, but no, I had to go and accuse Blair of playing a victim when
she really _was_ a victim.

Blair’s eyes soften as she watches me struggle with my words. “You can let go,
Lucas. I won’t run,” she says softly, so quietly I almost don’t hear her. I
reluctantly let go and she sits on the bed. I sit beside her. “What do you
want to say?”

I take a deep breath. _Just get it over with, Lucas. Dammit, you should have
done this a long time ago!_ “Blair, I…” The words are stuck in my mouth. Blair
waits patiently on the bed. “I don’t know if you’re ready to hear
this…especially after yesterday…”

“Lucas, you can tell me anything. I won’t break.”

I sigh. I swallow the lump in my throat and force my mouth to speak. “I love
you.”

There’s a silence. Blair freezes, her muscles tensing up. Her breathing
becomes rapid and she starts to shake. She shakes her head over and over,
bringing her knees up and throwing her arms around them. She rocks back and
forth on my bed, murmuring words that could only be French. I run my fingers
through my hair and close my eyes. I think I just ruined everything between
us. I breathe out harshly, trying to tell myself that it’s not my fault. But
it is. I’m the one who left her yesterday in the meadow. That was our spot,
and now we can’t go back there.

But it’s not the loss of our spot that’s making me angry with myself. It’s
that I should never have brought it up. I should’ve just kept my mouth shut
like Dad told me to. I was supposed to hold her when she cried, comforted
her…just be there. But no, I had to go and open my big mouth. I said something
I would never have said if it weren’t for her misinterpretation. “Blair, are
you okay?” I ask quietly. I sit down beside her.

She doesn’t answer and keeps rocking back and forth, murmuring French words I
don’t understand. Now I wish I’d switched over to French in seventh grade
instead of staying with Spanish. Maybe I could understand what she’s saying. I
reach out to touch her hand but she flinches and scoots back into the pillows.
I move forward and reach again. She jolts and presses herself against the
headboard. “Aucun, aucun, aucun,” she whimpers. That’s one of the extreme few
words I know: aucun. It means no. I back up and watch Blair.

“Blair, please, talk to me.”

She shakes her head and keeps saying, “Aucun, aucun.” I run my fingers through
my hair again and sit in silence. We stay like that for about an hour. Then
Blair suddenly gets up—quite gracefully, I’ll add—and walks to the door.

* * *

Blair’s POV

“Please,” Lucas blurts. I stop and look at him with sad eyes. “Don’t go,
Blair. Please. Don’t go.” I sigh softly, exhaling a small breath.

“I have to,” I whisper. “I’m sorry, but I have to go. I’ll talk to you soon.”
I open the door and run down the stairs. I rush past a confused Rex and leave
the house. I know he’ll come after me if he really loves me, so I don’t stop
running. I turn my head once as my shoes hit the pavement to see Lucas close
behind me. I pick up my speed and keep running. The only place I know where to
go is the meadow. I have no choice. I can hide there. I know it’ll bring back
nightmares but I can’t go anywhere else. There’s nowhere to hide, and if I go
to my house, my dad will know something is wrong. Plus, Lucas will know where
I live and he’ll probably beg Dad to let him talk to me. That’s not an option.

I keep sprinting until I reach the meadow. I look around quickly and see a
bunch of tall, wide trees clustered together. _Perfect._ I zip around the
corner of a thick trunk just as I hear Lucas reach the meadow. I calm myself
and even out my breathing so he can’t hear me. I peek around the trunk to see
him looking everywhere. Then he looks my way. I pull back around the trunk,
but I know it’s too late. He’s seen me already. I hear branches snap and
leaves being pushed aside. My breathing gets louder. I try to control it but I
can’t; I cannot control everything even if I try as hard as I can. I blink and
Lucas is staring at me. His breathing is also harsh and rapid. I look him in
the eyes, trying to tell him without using words.

_I love you too but I am afraid._ Instead, I say something else, something I
hope will relay the message. I speak lowly. “My parents thought they were in
love. But they never were. They ended up getting a divorce and my mother
became an alcoholic.”

Lucas takes my wrists in his hands and pins them to the trunk of the tree. The
bark slightly scratches my skin, making me wince. He immediately lessens the
pressure. “Blair,” he starts. I shake my head and close my eyes. “No. You’re
going to let me finish. I love you, okay? I really do. Honestly, it’s been
driving me crazy. You drive me crazy and I can’t do anything about it. I know
you hate that you’re not in control, but you can’t control your feelings. It
happens. And we can’t help it. Blair, I’m not asking you to make a lifelong
vow. I just wanted you to know. Then you started freaking out and speaking in
French. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, but still. Look, I know
you’re scared. I know because I’m scared, too. I’ve never felt this way about
anyone. But I know this is real. I know I love you. I’ll never leave you
alone, if that’s what you’re afraid of. I won’t let you go unless it’ll make
you happy. We can work through this together. Please, Blair, I don’t want to
lose you again.”

Lucas silently pleads with me to understand. What he doesn’t know is that I do
understand. I just don’t know what to do about it. He’s right; I’m afraid. My
father raised me as a strong person, to not be emotional and to not let your
feelings cloud your judgment. My dad may not be an expert about love, but he
knows enough to teach me what’s right and what’s wrong. What’s wrong is
letting someone who intentionally let you go come back. What’s right is
treating someone like they’re more important than anything in the world, not
like shit, like how my mother treated my father.

I’m torn. Lucas left me on purpose, but he also declared his faults and kissed
me in front of our entire senior class. Back at school, he acted like I was
the only one there, like there was no one in the hall but us.

“Letting me go for a while would make me happy,” I whisper softly. It breaks
my heart to say this, but I can’t let myself get too close. It’s dangerous,
and Lucas Adonis was a player. Once a player, always a player. Some people
just don’t change. I know I’ve helped Lucas these past few months, but he
still has the player part left in him. I know I won’t be able to help him let
that part go, no matter hard I try.

Lucas stares at me, unblinking and open-mouthed. “Blair?”

