### Sessions: Chap. 7 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-06-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Even though it may seem like it, this is not the end! 

* * *

Blair's POV

“Please, Lucas, just let me go.” I’m on the verge of tears. I tear away from
him and sprint back to my house. I dash downstairs before my dad can say
anything and rip a lightweight gun out of the cabinet. I load it and shoot the
target at the other end of the room. I hit the cardboard right between the
eyes. I fire some more, hitting seven 5’s and one 4. I’ve perfected my aim
over the years.

I hear footsteps and turn around to see my dad coming down the stairs. “Blair,
are you okay?” he asks.

I nod and plaster a fake smile on my face. “Yeah, I’m fine.”

My dad shakes his head. He knows me too well. “No, you’re not. Unload the gun
and put it down. Come here.” He pats the cushion beside him on the couch. I do
as he says and sit next to him. “Is this about that boy? The one whose house
you went to?”

I nod mutely.

“Blair, what did he do?”

“Nothing,” I reply. “Nothing physical.” Dad raises an eyebrow.

“But lots of emotional?” I nod. “Tell me. Maybe I can help.”

I take a deep breath then proceed to tell him the whole story, right from the
beginning, when I met Lucas at the bleachers and I agreed to help him. I skip
the part about the rape and say I just sat there for a couple hours.

“So then I ran away and came back here,” I finish. My dad stays silent for a
moment before saying,

“I think you should give him a chance, Blair. You can take risks sometimes.
They don’t always turn out well, but most of the time, you don’t regret taking
them. I don’t regret marrying your mother because now I have you. I really do
think he cares about you, Blair. It’s just you that isn’t sure.”

“I am sure, Dad. I just don’t know what to do about my feelings.” I look at
him for guidance. I’m telling the truth here; I almost never do that.

“You think about it. It’s your decision, Blair. But just know, there are good
people in this world, too, not just bad.”

I look at my father. How he’s making me change my mind, I don’t know, but he’s
doing a damn good job doing it. “You sound so wise,” I try.

He cracks a smile, but it disappears as soon as it comes. “Thanks, but really,
Blair, I think you should give him a chance.” I sigh.

“Alright, but just know, you can’t hurt Leion if he beats Lucas up if he hurts
me.” My father laughs and nods.

“I won’t, I promise. Now go talk to Lucas, Sugarpea.”

I smile at our old joke. Dad used to call me Sugarpea in front of everyone
(everyone meaning the general public of Paris) and I hated it. Now it just
brings up sweet memories. I run upstairs and out the front door. Then I
realize I don’t know my way to Lucas’s house. I take my phone out of my pocket
and text him. I decide to go with a riddle. He knows the answer; I know he
does.

_What is more precious than rubies and gold,_

_ What cannot be traded, stolen or sold,_

_ What is shared from the heart without any caught end,_

_ And comes with unknown and benevolent friends?_

_ This phenomenon is great,_

_ It has proven its worth,_

_ But if you don’t spare a glance,_

_ You’ll miss your chance._

I sit on my front step, waiting for an answer. I get a response immediately.

_I’ll meet you there._

I smile. Learning is the only thing that bound us together at one point; it
may help reunite us. God, now I’m talking poetry shit.

I run as fast as I can to the meadow, attempting to get there before him. I
know Lucas is an impressive runner, and by the time I get there, he’s already
leaning against the trunk of a tree. I give him a half smile. “Hey,” I murmur.

He stands straight and walks towards me. I stop, letting him close the
distance. Lucas greets me with a soft kiss, the kind I’ve always wanted to
experience. It’s not like the one from this morning; it’s different—in a good
way. It’s more drawn out and gentle. Lucas pulls back and I see that he is
sad. “I…I’m sorry for running like that,” I apologize.

“It’s okay,” he says quietly. “I understand.”

“I…I’ll give you a second chance.” I hold my breath, half expecting rejection.

Apparently, Lucas has been holding his breath, too, since he exhales quickly.
He tilts my chin up—have I mentioned I’m 5’ 7” and Lucas is 6’ 3”?—and kisses
me again. I wind his hair around my fingers and pull him closer to me. His
hands move to my waist, drawing me to him. I lean in and kiss him harder. My
response is a soft groan and kisses on my neck. I stiffen as memories come
rushing back.

I see yesterday as a bunch of flashes. Then something I didn’t remember before
freezes in motion. I see his face.

It’s one of my teachers. Mr. Landon.

“Lucas,” I choke out. He immediately stops and looks at me.

“What is it, Blair? Is something wrong?”

“I thought I never saw his face, but I did. Once,” I whisper. I meet Lucas’s
comforting beige eyes. “It was Mr. Landon. Yesterday. It was him.” A tear
makes a wet track down my face. Lucas’s eyes darken with anger as he pulls me
close to him. I bury my face in his chest, crying like a hurt child. Lucas
strokes my red hair, which I left down today. I forgot to put it up in a
ponytail this morning since I was thinking about how Lucas would react when he
saw me.

After I’m done bawling my eyes out, I back up. “Sorry for getting your shirt
wet,” I mumble. Lucas chuckles and smiles.

“It’s okay, I don’t mind.” I raise an eyebrow at him. “Really, I don’t.” Lucas
lays down in the grass and links our fingers. I rest beside him, putting my
head on his shoulder. I close my eyes and slowly fall asleep. I don’t know
why, but I dream of a court room. Mr. Landon is the defendant and he’s at the
witness stand.

_“Mr. Landon, where were you the day of the attack?” an attorney asks.
Somehow, I know that this is the People’s attorney and they’re charging Mr.
Landon for first-degree rape._

_ “I was teaching at Wichita High School until two thirty. I took a walk after
for about an hour, like I always do,” replies Mr. Landon. He’s surprisingly
calm._

_ “Did you go to the meadow where the attack happened?”_

_ “I did, but it wasn’t until later, after my walk.”_

_ “Why did you go there?”_

_ “I…” Mr. Landon hesitates._

_ “Why did you go there?” the attorney repeats. Mr. Landon looks at his
attorney, who is currently sitting down at the defendant table._

_ “Why did you go there, Mr. Landon?”_

_ “Objection! Badgering the witness, Your Honor!”_

_ “Sustained,” the judge interrupts. “Mr. Landon, answer the question.”_

_ “I saw one of my students alone and upset. I was going to talk to her.”_

_ “Is rape one of your ways of consoling an upset student?”_

_ “Objection!”_

_ “Withdrawn,” says the People’s attorney. “Nothing further.”_

_ I am called up to the witness stand and sworn in. The People’s attorney
questions me first. “Were you able to see the face of your attacker during the
rape, Miss Vienna?”_

_ I nod. “I was. Once.”_

_ “And who was it?”_

_ “Mr. Landon,” I reply._

_ “What happened, Blair? As much as you can recall.”_

_ “Well, my best friend ran away because I upset him. I was sitting in the
grass when he said hello to me. I stood up to run but he threw a knife at me,
barely missing my head. He told me if I tried to run, he wouldn’t miss next
time. Then he brought out a gun and told me take my clothes off. Then he raped
me.”_

_ “And can you declare a reason why he would want you?”_

_ “Well, I often got good grades in his class. He was always praising me for
it, but I just took it for a proud teacher, not an inappropriate affection
towards a minor.”_

_ “Nothing further.”_

_ The defense attorney stands and walks up to me. “How old are you, Miss
Vienna?”_

_ “I’m eighteen,” I answer._

_ “So you are not a minor, correct?”_

_ “Well, I suppose not.”_

_ “Did you ever fight back against Mr. Landon?”_

_ “No, I tried to talk him out of it.”_

_ “So you never said no.”_

_ I think for a moment. “No, I don’t think so, but—”_

_ “So there is a possibility that Mr. Landon thought the sex was consensual,
correct?” the attorney interrupts._

_ “No. He raped me. I didn’t want it. I do not believe that after the first
time being raped,” I argue, my voice rising, “I would _not_ want to be touched
by another man without my consent!” The attorney stays silent for a moment. I
continue. “He threw a knife at me and threatened me with a gun. That does not
mean consensual, does it?”_

_ I raise my chin. The attorney looks at me angrily. “Nothing further,” he
mutters, gritting his teeth. I rise and leave the witness stand. As soon as I
leave the courtroom, I burst into tears. Why did it have to happen to me?
Twice?_

_ _

I awake to someone shaking my shoulders. I hear a voice. “Blair! Wake up!” I
open my eyes to see Lucas staring at me. “You were crying,” he explains. “Are
you okay?”

I shake my head and look around. It’s early morning and kind of warm. _Shit._
“Did we stay here the whole night?” I ask.

Lucas’s eyes widen. “I think so. Dammit, my dad’s gonna kill me.”

“Same here.” We both jump up. Lucas kisses me quickly and we part ways. I
sprint back home, knowing what’s in store for me. As soon as I open the door,
my dad explodes.

“Where were you?” he yells. “I was looking all over for you, calling all your
friends, asking people if they’d seen you! I was so worried!”

“Sorry. I spent the night with Lucas.” My dad’s mouth opens and closes.
“Nothing happened,” I add quickly. “We just slept together. I mean, we didn’t
have sex or anything, we just slept in the same place.”

Dad sighs. “Blair, you scared ten years off my life.”

“I’m sorry, Dad. I’m really sorry.”

“It’s okay. Just tell me next time you’re sleeping with your boyfriend, okay?”

“Okay.” I take a deep breath.

“You’ve been crying,” Dad states. “What happened?”

“It’s nothing.”

“Blair, tell me.” I shake my head, new tears threatening to spill out.
“Blair.”

At that moment, everything spills out. I rapidly explain everything about the
rape, how I realized it was Mr. Landon last night and how I fell asleep with
Lucas in the meadow. Dad is speechless when I finish. Then he hugs me tightly
and says, “I’m going to bring that bastard’s ass to jail for what he did to
you.”

I nod. “That sounds good.”

“I mean right now. I’m taking you to Lucas’s house and you have to stay there.
I’m going to find Mr. Landon. He might come back for you, so I need to know
you’re safe, okay?”

I struggle, searching for words. “Okay,” I squeak meekly. I follow Dad to the
garage and get in the car. We drive to Lucas’s house—I don’t know how my dad
knows the way, but he does—and he drops me off. I knock on the door and Mr.
Adonis greets me with a smile.

“Blair! Come in. And you must be her father,” Rex says. I turn around to see
my father nodding.

“Could she stay with you for a little bit? I’m investigating a case and I’m
trying to find a suspect,” Dad says.

“Of course she can,” Lucas replies from behind his dad. He takes my hand and
leads me into the house.

“Thank you,” Dad says, and he turns around and goes back to the car. I hear
the engine roar to life and fade away.

“You told him?” Lucas asks softly when we’re alone in his room. I nod.

“It kind of spilled out,” I sigh. Lucas draws me into a hug and kisses my
hair. He moves down and kisses my lips. I return the kiss, infusing all the
love I have for this man into it. Lucas slowly moves back into the pillows,
taking me with him. He flips us over so I’m underneath him. He kisses me hard,
making me smile. This is what I’ve always wanted. Someone I can love.

Someone who can love me.

