### Rulers of Terrace View 22 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-06-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Layla gets devastating news. Read all 22 parts, I dare you! 

* * *

**Part 22**

**Feedback appreciated! **

I wake up before my alarm goes off. Maybe it’s because I went to bed early
last night or maybe it’s because I’m still anxious to find out about how Aaron
is doing. My face and body feel better rested and less painful, but my face is
still extremely sore. I can open my left eye though, even if only halfway. My
leg barely hurts now, but perhaps I’m too busy focusing on something (someone)
else. I don’t even care if he discovered what happened or who attacked me, I
just want to know about _him_. It’s still early. It’s 6:30, a whole 30 minutes
before my alarm goes off. I don’t know how early the Jeffers family is awake
but I know I won’t text Aaron anyway.

However, I am heavily considering texting Sadie. She is my always-informed,
unbreakable tie to Aaron. I don’t want to wake her though so I decide I must
wait and be patient. Although, it is killing me on the inside- the
uncertainty. I realize I shouldn’t rely too much on Sadie for the truth,
though. If her brother tells her to keep something from me, she will.

And then it hits me. I know who I have to talk to. Tony! He won’t lie to me
because we not only work together but have this weird connection since we have
such a good understanding of each other. I couldn’t lie to him, either. Maybe
on some deep level I knew I shouldn’t have told Tony about Aaron’s episode,
although it is a rather important detail, much too important to ignore and lie
about. Maybe I shouldn’t have told him when Aaron was around. But even so, I
knew I could tell and trust Tony. He cares about Aaron as much as the rest of
the Jeffers, even almost as much as me.

I try and talk myself down from the brink of a full-blown panic attack. I have
to find some way to calm down and convince myself that Aaron is perfectly
fine, although I know fully well that he is not fine. He hasn’t been okay
since he hurt himself playing baseball. I remember the video, seeing his foot
fold completely under and seeing the agony on his face. And it all just got
worse and added on for him from then on. I try to block it all out but then as
if to conspire against me and emphasize his pain and my failures, I see him in
my mind, remember him the way he was the first time we met. He was in both
physical and emotional turmoil.

I open my eyes to get away from that memory and decide that I can’t lie still
and do nothing but think. I do that way too much already. If I have to lie
here alone with my thoughts for one more minute I’m going to go crazy! I pace
around my room and pick out some clothes. I try to busy myself with a few math
problems I’ve neglected for a while and eventually my alarm rings loudly.

I begin my routine. I still have a limp, albeit a very slight one. My knee is
sore and my stiches pull a little now and then but other than that my leg is
perfectly fine. That’s much more than Aaron can say. Aaron. I decide that if I
don’t get a text by the time I’m on my way to school that I will text Sadie. I
don’t know if she will tell me the entire truth about how Aaron is. I figure
that if I want to know the truth about everything that happened with Aaron
last night I will have to wait and ask Tony. But if something serious
happened, I hope Sadie would tell me anyway.

On the bus ride to school I still have no new messages. Not from Aaron, not
from anyone. I try to keep myself from sending Sadie a text but it’s typed out
and sent before I can even realize what’s happening and stop myself.

_Is he okay this morning? _

What a stupid question. Of course he’s not okay. He’s obviously **not** okay.
What I want to ask is if he is alive this morning. But that would be brazen
and impertinent. I also do want to know if he has allowed himself a break, but
knowing him, I would bet on a negative answer. My phone buzzes. I get excited
and scared but try to contain myself.

_He didn’t get enough sleep again. But he won’t rest, we’re on our way to
school. _It’s Sadie.

Of course he won’t rest. If he stopped and did something sensible for himself
then he wouldn’t be the Aaron that I know. I am sad and worried over this, but
I resign myself to the fact that I shouldn’t even try to help. Every time I
try to help I end up causing problems or reminding Aaron of pre-existing
problems. Seems like a simple solution- just **stop** trying to help. But a
part of me recognizes that I will probably never be able to completely stop
trying.

Maybe one day I will screw things up so badly that he will never want to see
me again. I know this is a likely possibility. I screw things up all the time.
It’s bound to happen eventually.

The bus stops and I wait for the middle school kids to get off, and then the
high school stop. I de-board with my constituents, now expecting the bullying
to get worse. But it doesn’t. Now many people seem to just completely ignore
me. Some people stare at me and I figure they’re just gawking at my face,
which is still painfully sore but my left eye can open now although it’s
severely bloodshot. But some others still shoot me an underhanded glare,
although it’s not as outright as before.

Aaron. This is his doing, I know it is. He has stopped the bullying. That
explains why the principal seemed so nervous around him yesterday. On top of
being a Jeffers and owning the proverbial, fictitious key to the city, he
intimidated the principal so the student population would stop bullying me.
Although, we both know what he said about Max was true. I don’t know if now I
can ever gain their respect myself. He should do that for everyone that gets
bullied. I feel terrible that I am the object of his affection and I am the
favored one- although I just barely got settled in here. I’m sure there are
others who have been bullied for much longer.

Plus, I _deserve_ the abuse. I don’t deserve any of the kindness shown to me,
especially when I am the cause of most of the problems for the town’s most
promising youth. Without him, Terrace View would not be able continue on- at
least definitely not in the profitable and optimal condition in which it now
thrives.

“What’s going on?” Janie asks. I look around and then make eye contact with
her. “Holy shit what happened to you?!”

“I’ll talk to you about it later,” I hope she won’t argue. And mercifully, she
doesn’t respond, she just trusts that I will fill her in later. We can see
Kevin sulk down the hallway towards us.

“Oh great,” Janie says sarcastically. We don’t want him joining our girl-talk
right now.

“Do you think we can still run away?” I ask her under my breath, while
simultaneously waving happily at Kevin. He glares at me in return. Does he
honestly believe that people enjoy his angsty company?! Maybe he just does not
care one bit about others. Maybe he simply does_ not_ care. Although I want to
refuse to believe that he would be so judgmental of someone else while being
so lackadaisical about the treatments of others… That would be downright and
flat-out hypocritical.

“Not a chance,” she mumbles in return right before Kevin reaches us.

“Hi,” I say.

“Hey Kevin.”

“What are you two so happy about?” he asks, pouting, once again. “And what the
hell happened to you?!” He is asking me after he gets a good look at me up
close. Ugh. I must look just so pretty.

“_Happy_ wouldn’t be the best word to describe what I’m feeling right now,” I
tell him. He looks at me.

“You look pretty happy to me.”

“Well, I’m not. I’m invisible now.”

“What does that even mean?” he asks. We all begin to walk to homeroom. I see
Janie take out her phone I the corner on my eye. She definitely outsmarts me.
Great. Now I get to talk to him.

“It means that now I’m being ignored.”

“No way, not with that mug,” he says referring to my face and laughs hard at
his own joke. I’m silent. “Sorry. Well, obviously not ignored by _everyone_.”

“Great, two people in the entire school beside the faculty will talk to me,” I
say sarcastically, rolling my eyes.

“At least,” Kevin continues but I stop listening because Janie has stopped
walking and we make eye contact. She’s still holding up her phone but her
light brown eyes are focused on me and she looks like she might puke. My gut
tightens immediately. It’s about him. This is about Aaron. I can’t do anything
but stare at her. I can barely even breathe.

“What?!” Kevin asks impatiently, holding his hands out in a shrug. I don’t
even care about how he has the personality of a spoiled diva right now. I
can’t move at all. I get even more terrified when my phone buzzes in my
pocket. But I still can’t move to take it out and look. My knees begin to
shake.

Kevin looks bath and forth between us, who are both silent.

“WHAT?” he repeats, louder.

“Kevin!” Janie snaps at him. He’s quiet. It’s the first time I’ve heard her
sound so angry. “It’s Aaron.”

The bell rings but none of us move or speak. I take out my phone and look.
There’s a text from Sadie.

_Something happened. It’s not good. _

Everything around me becomes invisible and mute to me as I concentrate on
social media postings.

I see tons of things about “prayers for Aaron or the Jeffers family”. And I
find the source. Sadie linked me to one of his best friends’ page. His name is
Greg and he posted about the incident.

_ _

_He had been looking really tired lately and when he came in this morning I
could tell he still hasn’t gotten much sleep. But when I mentioned that he
looked tired he said that he was fine and that he couldn’t afford to miss
anymore school or classwork. I know that recently he’s been buried under tons
of school work and work for the company. We were on our way to homeroom on the
second floor. The elevator is out of service this morning (of course) so we
had to take the stairs. I offered to help but he said again that he was fine.
Aaron was obviously slow so the rest of us all gradually ended up at the top,
waiting. I hung back, but not far enough. When he was almost where I was, he
stopped, and began to sway just a little. We saw how pale he looked and we
rushed down to get him but before I could get there he said “S**t” and lost
consciousness, falling backwards. I tried to grab for him but was too slow._

After some reading in the comments I see one of Elaina’s friends says that the
family is at the hospital now and that Aaron has not regained consciousness.

I realize I have been breathing shallowly and that my friends are saying my
name frantically. Somebody I don’t know in the hallway with us approaches as
my legs stop working and I sink to the floor.

“Layla! Are you okay?” Jane asks me. I nod a little, an obvious lie as tears
well up in my eyes. My left eye hurts more but I don’t care one little bit
about it.

“Hey, is she okay?” the guy in the hallway asks. I don’t hear the response
because instead I pull out my phone and have to fight my hand to keep it from
calling Sadie. I want to sob with her and have someone to understand what I
feel. Instead I just text.

_Please get me out of here. I need to see him!_

I send it without a second thought or any time to chicken out.

_We’ll come pick you up after school. You should try to focus on class. _

Her answer absolutely kills me. I know there is no way I can see him until the
Jeffers say so. I can’t dispute their answer. I can do absolutely nothing,
once again to help in any way. I can just try my best not to continue to die
slowly inside for the rest of the school day.

Janie and Kevin pick me up forcefully while I am still in shock and we hurry
to homeroom, ten minutes late. When we get there I barely notice anything and
I continue to barely notice what is happening until third period, when I
realize I’ve been sitting in every class so far just staring at an empty desk
in front of me. I have no idea what happened in homeroom. All I can think
about is the fact that Aaron is hurt, lying in the hospital. I am dying a slow
painful death on the inside every moment I am away from him. It’s pathetic,
but true.

I close my eyes for a moment and remember the last time I saw him. He looked
tired, with a few lines under his eyes. But even exhausted, Aaron looks
gorgeous. He could never look bad, he’s just_ that_ handsome. I will never
understand why he has an interest in me. His dark brown, almost-black eyes
focused on mine and he gave me a little, adorable smile out of the corner of
his mouth. Then he winked at me playfully and told me everything would be
okay. Okay for who? Me? Because everything is NOT okay for me.

Although, I am fairly _unharmed_. I suppose this was his goal, so for me
everything is okay because I’m not lying passed out somewhere in a hospital!
But did he stop to think how my mental state would be?! NO. No he did not.

“Layla!” I hear my name being cried. I force myself back to reality and see
now that the entire class is staring at me, along with my exasperated English
teacher.

“Please pay attention!”

“Sorry… sorry,” I mumble to her and then to everyone. I try to focus on the
lesson she’s teaching but it’s like she has suddenly stopped speaking English.
And although she seems to be satisfied because I’m watching her pretending to
understand every last word. What she doesn’t know is I actually have no idea
what is happening in the lecture because I can’t understand a single syllable
she says.

And this is basically how the entire day goes. I’m so distracted and worried
about Aaron that my school day goes by in a fog of senseless motion. I’m dying
here. I’m slowly dying, drowning in my own thoughts and thoughtlessness. And
when the bell rings I come back to reality to see I am standing on the
sidewalk outside school after being roughly jostled by the crowd. I realize
that I am going to see him soon. Hopefully.

And just the thought of it gets me so excited and worked up that I am now
hyper-aware of everything, as if that fog has lifted but I have adjusted to
the haziness of the fog so now everything is tremendously clear. I instantly
see the car I am supposed to get a ride in although it is a normal make and
model, nothing fancy.

But I see the Jeffers family emblem on the front license plate and immediately
approach the car. The driver’s side door opens. It’s Tony. Without thinking, I
run towards him and he outstretches his arms towards me. I collapse into him,
feeling the effects of all the worry and anxiousness that I carried all day. I
cry and cry and some people notice, but many seem to not care about me at all.
And now that I’m not in a total funk I can see that the entire atmosphere of
the school population is dull.

Things are unusually lackluster and sad. Instead of rejoicing about the end of
the school day like usual, today most everyone walks to the buses in casual
conversation or in silence. He/they affect so much more than they can even
know.

“Let’s go,” Tony says softly and I nod and wipe my eyes, sitting in the
passenger’s seat. He parked near the road so we get out fairly quickly.

We drive down the road in silence, as I look out the window.

“He’s been asleep all day, but the doctors want to bring him out of it soon.
They need to find out the extent of his head trauma.”

_Head trauma?_

I am silent, staring out the window. I can’t say or do or think about
anything. I am so scared for him. I need him to be okay. We all need him to be
okay.

