### Aaron's Empire 4 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-06-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** More new parts to come! Aaron's prequel to Rulers of T.View 

* * *

**Part 4**

**Feedback appreciated!**

I wake up in my chair, alone in the room. I look next to me and see crutches.
I know they are expensive by the way they look. My father bought these for me,
no doubt. I don’t want to use them, but my stomach is loudly begging for food.
I lean forward and push myself up, out of the chair gently. The arm and hand
pads of the crutches are gel, I realize as I grab them. I use them to limp out
of the room. Electric candles light the hall, motion sensors. They are already
lit, though. Someone was here recently. I limp heavily to the kitchen,
thankful the study is on the first floor. The lights in the kitchen are on. I
enter, and Mira looks over at me.

“Master!” she says, concerned. “Please, sit down,” she pulls out a chair for
me while she speaks. I smile at her and limp over to the chair. Each step
makes my injury throb more. I lower myself into the seat slowly. Mira also
pulls out a chair for her. But instead of sitting down, she lifts my leg onto
it. Feeling dumb, I realize it was meant for my injury. Mira brings a bagel
sandwich to me.

“I thought you might be hungry, so I made this for you, I was with you the
entire rest of the night, I promise, I just left… I’m sorry I left you, I
just,” she is about to keep ranting, but I put a finger on her lips and smile.

“It’s okay, thank you for the sandwich,” I say, digging into the food. She
watches, proud that I like her cooking. I wince as I reach for my drink of
orange juice.

“My whole body is sore,” I say quietly. We sit in silence until Mira moves.

“I’m going to get your wheelchair so you don’t have to be in so much pain,”
she says, and kisses me on the head before leaving. I finish my sandwich as
she returns with my wheelchair.

“I have a few appointments today,” I say, as Mira helps me into the chair.

“You need rest,” she protests.

“Ain’t no rest for the wicked,” I respond. She pushes me back to the office.
We sit in the silence of the office for a few moments before I clear my throat
impatiently. Mirabella pushes the chair over to my desk. “How is my sister?”

“Sadie? She’s better, just upset at Dr. Jeffers.” There is a knock on the door
following Mira’s report. She answers the door and returns quickly.

“Elaina is at the door.”

“Let her in,” I tell her. She disappears again and then both girls are
suddenly in front of me. I smile at them.

“You aren’t going to school?” Elaina asks with a frown.

“I feel like shit,” I say. She is quiet. I rub the bridge of my nose. I can
sense her discomfort. I sigh. “Fine, I’ll be ready soon,” I give in. “But if I
feel too bad, I’m leaving.”

“Deal,” she says, bounding from the room. I know my sisters don’t like going
to school without me. When I’m not around they get teased for lacking my
athletic skill.

“Sir?” Mira looks confused.

“I know, I suck,” I say.

“On the contrary,” Mira says, “I think you are amazing.” She makes me smile. I
get changed and ready with Mira’s help. Then I pop painkillers, let her wrap
my foot and grab my crutches. I limp to the car just in time.

When we enter school, people stare outright. I try to smile at first, but I
only get pity-looks in return. So I stop trying and focus on getting around.
Greg and Kyle somehow find me within the first 5 minutes of my presence in
school.

“How did you find me so damn fast?” I ask.

“News is travelling hella fast today,” Greg answers.

“Great,” I sigh. More people have gathered, and now some are coming out of the
classrooms to stare. A teacher even curiously pokes her head out of her
classroom. “Just kill me,” I say to my friends.

“Come on, dude, don’t be like that,” Kyle says. Greg is silent. He knows how
much this is killing me. All of this. Baseball. It’s like thinking about a
missed ex. I long to play.

“I should’ve trusted my instincts,” I say.

“Oh please,” Greg responds, mumbling.

“Um, what?” I snap at him.

“You would never walk away from a game if you could play,” he says meekly. My
first instinct is to deny what he says. Then I realize he knows me too well,
he is completely right. I am quiet, and I stop in the middle of the hallway.
The other two stop as well, looking back at me.

“You’re right,” I say to Greg. He nods. I continue limping to homeroom. My
crutches are actually pretty comfortable and lightweight. I’ve had to use
crutches before, but I used the normal ones they give you at the hospital. My
dad rarely buys us shit unless he has to, or he feels guilty, which is
surprisingly often, considering that I always thought my father incapable of
emotions like guilt. But after my mother’s death, his regrets are clearer.

“Nice crutches,” Kyle says appropriately.

“Cooper bought them for me, I think,” I tell them, trying to ignore the stares
and the pain in my now throbbing right foot/ankle.

“Well he should have, he broke your toes,” Kyle says. Greg punches him.

“Ow, shit!” Kyle says.

“How did you know that?” I ask. I know I haven’t told them yet.

“_Shit,_” he says. I stop again and look at Greg.

“Your sisters’ friends aren’t very discrete,” he explains. I sigh and shrug.

“It’s not like I want to protect my father’s reputation anyways.”

“Unless you want them to buy your father’s products, there could be a
boycott,” Kyle says. I laugh at him.

“Yeah, if the town wants to go broke and have everyone lose their jobs. Plus,
even if people don’t want to support my father, it’s my company too, so they
should want to support me.”

They look at each other and shrug. We enter homeroom and I put my crutches
against the wall and lower myself slowly and painfully into my seat. I wince
sharply and let out a small groan as I sit.

“Benny,” the teacher addresses the kid in front of me. “Could you kindly move
so Mr. Jeffers can use your seat for his foot?” Benny nods and moves seats.
“Thank you,” she says.

“How are you?” she asks me. I give her a small, forced smile.

“I’m alright, thank you,” I say.

“Sorry about baseball,” she says empathetically.

“Did you see the game?” I ask her, looking up from my bum foot.

“Yes, what happened looked painful,” she says.

“Was it recorded?” I ask.

“It’s on youtube,” a girl in the class says as she turns to me. She gives me a
smile meekly, and turns around again.

“May I?” I ask Ms. Collins.

“Sure, can I play it on the projector?” she asks. I nod. We all watch as I hit
the ball and tear around the bases. When I slide, I see my foot completely
roll under and my body keeps moving. My entire class collectively groans.

Then in the video I’m rolling over and burying my face in the grass, grabbing
onto my ankle with both hands. When my face turns towards the camera, the pain
is so clear and fresh in my expression that I feel it all over again. I have
to look away before I relive the entire nightmare again.

“Okay, that’s enough,” Ms. Collins says immediately after I look away.

“What about the other one?” someone asks.

“Shut up!”

“You idiot!” People in the class berated the one who asked the question. I
look at Kyle and Greg, who are avoiding my gaze awkwardly.

“What are you talking about?” I ask. Everyone is quiet now. I look around, my
stomach sinking. “What are you talking about?” I ask darkly this time.
Everyone is still avoiding my gaze. “Fine, I’ll look it up,” I say, pulling
out my cell phone.

“Aaron, no phones in class, I need to take it,” Ms. Collins tells me. I look
at her, and shake my head.

“What is going _on_?” I type in my name and see ‘York Academy douchebag owned
by Mason!’ as a video title. I watch it. Everyone is quiet. It shows me
limping on the field and then Mason throwing the pitch that hits my ankle. I
drop like a bag of rocks. Mason gives everyone a winning smile and thumbs up.
I hear the guy filming laughing hysterically while I roll in agony, and my
team immediately run over and jump the pricks. The camera swings around wildly
while the kid runs to join the melee. It cuts off after that. I put my phone
in my pocket, and stand slowly. The room is dead silent as I grab my crutches,
and look at Ms. Collins, who is looking desperately back at me.

“Excuse me,” I say, and limp out. I stop in the hall and lean back against
lockers. Greg comes out of the room after me.

“Hey man,” he says with a smile. “You okay?” I think of the maniacal laughter
and shudder.

“Am I really that hated?” I ask.

“Yeah,” Greg says much more quickly than I would expect. “You evoke envy in
everyone. You’re too awesome to hang out with any of us. People hate you
because they are jealous of you. It’s really obvious. I’m sorry you had to
find out about that in the way you did.”

I shrug. “I’m okay.” It was a complete lie. Greg saw through it in an instant.

“What’s wrong?”

“You know, I was more affected by seeing that field and knowing I can’t play
than the cruelty by those douches.”

“You’re crazy about sports,” he says.

“It’s what I was made to do- or so I thought,” I say sadly. “Who knows
anymore?”

“I’ve always pictured you coming back from worse,” he says honestly. “And I
still don’t believe anything will keep you away from your true calling. You’re
amazing on those fields.”

I limp over to a bench near the lockers and lower myself onto it. “It’s hard
to imagine being better again,” I say honestly. “Who could imagine all that
shit happening in a span of 24 hours?” I am reminded of my plight by pain
shooting up my leg forcefully. I wince and grab my leg. I look up at Greg, who
is watching me. I become distressed, leaning forward and putting my face in my
hands. The bell for class rings and marks the end of the period. I hear
students shuffle into the hallways.

“What do I do?” I ask Greg, still buried behind my hands.

“I can tell you what you shouldn’t do: give up hope.” I look up into his eyes.
This girl from our class, Casey, comes over to me.

“Are you okay, Aaron?” she asks, concern in her eyes.

“You know what? Yeah, Casey, I am. Thanks,” I give her a smile. Greg is right,
if I give up hope, what is left?

I see my friends staring behind me so I turn to look. My sisters are speed-
walking down the hallway toward me.

“We saw the videos,” Sadie says.

“We are SO sorry, Aaron, it looks so painful,” Elaina cuts in.

“Well… it doesn’t feel good, that’s for sure,” I say. I start to climb to my
feet when Greg and Kyle try to grab me and help me up. Greg grabs one of my
arms, stabilizing me. I smile a thanks at them and lean on my crutches to go
to class.

“I’m fine,” I tell them with a reassuring smile. “Go on, get to class,” I say.
Greg and Kyle and I head to first period.

“How much does that really hurt?” he asks me.

“…Like you wouldn’t fucking believe.”

