### The Girl with the Spider Ring. Part Five by SeSteorra

**Date Added:** 2014-06-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The time comes for the couple to break the news to thir family. 

* * *

Part Five.

It was Monday morning and Amelia just sat in Max's car to go to school. It's
been a couple days since she found out she was pregnant and she hadn't told
her parents yet. “Max, we need to figure out what we're going to do.” She
stated blankly as the car began moving. “Well love, I hope you're okay
skipping school today because we are going to have a long serious talk.” “And
where are we going to do that Maxwell?” She was annoyed with being told what
to do, and she always used his whole name when he irritated her. “Ami relax
please, we can go to my house, mom should be leaving for work right now so the
apartment will be empty and we can talk in peace.” Amelia sat quietly for the
rest of the ride circling her stomach with her finger until Max reached over
and rubbed his hand over her tummy.

When they arrived at the apartment complex Max opened her door and led her up
to his with a protective hand around her waist. It was a modest apartment of
two small bedrooms, one bath and joined living area and kitchen. It was just
Max and his mother anyway since his father had left them while he was still
very young. His mother, Lillian had always worked very hard for her son and
never let him want for anything and always provided a roof over his head. Max
led Amelia to his room and the two sat on his bed. Amelia had always liked
Max's room. It was a pale blue color that was very calming with a double bed
and a dresser. He had a few posters on his wall and a stereo on the floor.
“Max, I'm so sorry this happened.” Amelia spoke softly looking down.

“What do you mean sorry? This isn't anyone's fault, it just...happened.”Max
tried to reassure her.

“But I don't know what to do! I mean I guess we can 'take care' of it, I mean
if you want.”

Max leaned forward and cupped her face in his hands, “I would never ask you to
do that, don't you make any decision based solely on what you think would
please me. Actually I think...” He broke off trying to plan how to phrase his
statement.

“What?” Amelia broke free of him and stood up, “You think we could keep and
care for it, we're barely eighteen! Don't you think that's insane and damn
near impossible? This kid would turn out so screwed up!”

Max stood aggravated and stared Amelia in the eyes, “I think my mother did a
great job, and I don't think I'm 'screwed up.'” Max shrugged passed her and
went into the kitchen. “Max come back!” Amelia called as she ran after him.

Amelia found Max leaning out the window smoking. “You know I hate you
smoking.” Amelia came up from behind, “And I'm sorry for my slip of the
tongue.” She walked closer and slipped her arms around him then leaned her
head against his back. “I only do it to calm down so I don't say anything to
hurt you,” Max stated blankly and continued leaning out of the window, “And
I'm not so upset with the comment of young parents but with the fact you have
no faith we could make it work.” He twisted around still in her arms so that
he was facing her with on hand on her hip and the other next to the window
with his unfinished cigaret. “You know that I love you and I'll never leave
you. Give me the chance to earn some money, maybe pick up a second job after
graduation and try to let our little family have a chance.” Max look Amelia in
the eyes with complete sincerity and love causing Amelia's heart to chance.
“Well alright, I'll admit I didn't have any serious thoughts about giving it
up, but if this is going to work,” She paused and Max raised a curious
eyebrow. Amelia reached her hand to the lit cigaret and put it out. “You're
going to quit this.” Max beamed and then leaned to kiss her on the lips. She
put her hand up to push him away squealing about his smokers breath. The two
laughed then he managed to kiss her anyway then whisked her back to his room
where they spent the rest of the school day together.

By three pm Amelia sat in her room waiting for her mother to get home from
work. She planned on telling her first so that she can help break the news to
her father “the Soldier”. Max wanted to be with her but she figured it'd be
best that he come after her father's initial and inevitable rage so they
decided he'd stay and tell his mom then both of them would arrive for dinner
or something. Just as she was about to lose her nerve she heard the front door
open. “Ami, come in the living room you have a very important letter!” Very
confused Amelia came into the room to have an envelope thrust to her face. She
grabbed and read the header to discover it was from the Dance Academy she had
auditioned for. She felt her heart sink to her stomach as she opened it and
read the words that just a month ago she would have killed to read; “You've
been accepted.”. “

“What does it say!?” she lowered the letter to see her mother grinning with
her hand clasped to her chin. The tears flowed from Amelia's eyes as she read
off her acceptance letter to her mom. “Well what is there to be sad about?
This is great news! Oh honey, is it cause you'll miss Max in New York?” Amelia
swallowed her nerves then blurted out, “I'm pregnant.” before sitting on the
couch with a thud and sobbing into her hands. Her mother stood in place for a
minute before sitting beside her daughter and placing a comforting arm around
her, “We have and hour before your dad gets here, let's figure out how to
break it to him calmly.”.

“Maxwell, oh God Maxwell.” Lillian sat across the kitchen table from Max. She
had her head buried in her hands in frustration and anguish. Max had just told
her he had gotten his barely eighteen year old girlfriend “Knocked up”.

“Yea mom I know, I know but I have a plan see-” He was cut off.

“A plan? HA! Max I thought you would learn your lesson from me! I was 18 when
I had you and by 19 your dad was gone. I know I made it look easy, taking care
of you, but I struggled hard to do it. I wanted better from you.” She
practically spat the words at him and immediately he rose from the table.
“Well, mother, I'm not going to leave Amelia alone, in fact I think I will be
with her when she tells her dad. And you know what else, I know it wasn't easy
and I know you wanted better but I need you to understand it's not like I did
this on purpose.”. With that he grabbed his coat and left the apartment and
his mother, he'd come back and deal with her later right now he needed to man
up and be with Ami.

It was now four and Amelia and her mother we sitting in the living room with
her acceptance letter. They figured they would give him the good news and then
the bad. “I think I'm going to be sick.” Amelia mumbled to her mom who rubbed
the back of her head, “Aw honey, get use to it that's your life for 9 months
now” Shannon giggled as she patted her daughter's knee. Amelia wasn't very
surprised her mom was so accepting, anger and conflict just wasn't in her
nature. Her father on the other hand, wasn't really mean but very protective
of his only child. He had joined the Army to protect his nation but took the
mission personally when Amelia was born. He was always loving and spoiled her
rotten, but he was also strict and wanted to see her become a smart and
independent lady. She knew this would make him feel as though he failed but in
time he would relax and deal with it, maybe even be excited.

Finally after was seemed like a year the front door opened and around the
corner appeared Jerry fresh of duty still in his ACUs. He plopped in the
recliner and looked at the girls, “what's up?” He asked confused. “well”
Shannon started, “Amelia got accepted in the school in New York!” she still
beamed with pride even with the uncertain future. “well that's fantastic
girl!” The pure joy on his face killed Amelia because she knew she was about
to rob him of it. “Well, I don't think I can go.” Jerry looked at his daughter
puzzled. “Look don't plan your life around Max, if he really cares about you
he'll want what's best for you.” Another tear escaped Amelia's face and she
closed her eyes. “I know he will, which is why I might have to stay in
Virginia.” She started off so calmly she was proud of herself “Dad, I'm
pregnant.” And there it was, blurted out for the world to know. “I'll kill
him!” he roared in and instant Jerry was on his feet. Amelia kept her eyes
closed but she heard the thud. “Now, Jerry calm down, stress is unhealthy for
her right now.” Shannon tried desperately to calm her husband. “Amelia how
could you be so careless? God when I see that kid.” it was almost like venom
was forming in his mouth. When she finally opened her eyes her face went pale.
“Jesus Christ, Max I told you to wait.” at the entrance to the living room
stood a visibly shaking Max. He was desperately nervous but in an effort to
prove his point that he could man up and handle his business, he stood his
ground waiting for Jerry to make his move.

______________________________________________________________________________
_______

GOD guys long time no see! I'm sorry I vanished but I WILL finish this. My new
motto is "Shit happens and plans change." I hope y'all can understand and give
the story another chance.

-E.C.

