### Last Night Chap. 9 THE END!!! by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Marina’s POV

I froze the instant I saw his car. _Sailor._ “Oh my god,” I whispered. “That’s
Sailor’s car.” Will slowly pulled into the driveway and parked the car. He
turned to me with a sharp expression etched on his handsome face.

“Stay here with Connie, okay? Don’t come out of the car unless I say so. I’m
going to see what he wants.” I nodded mutely and turned around. I unbuckled
Connie’s seatbelt and brought her into the front seat with me. I watched as
Will checked to see if Sailor was in his car. I assumed it was empty since he
went to the front door of our house and stepped inside. Will shut the door
behind him. I watched Despicable Me 2 with Connie for a minute to calm myself
down. My cell read _Incoming Call_ and I took the phone from Connie, telling
her I’d give it back in a minute. “Hey, everything’s okay. Sailor is here, but
he just wants to talk to you.” Will sounded strangely calm, but he was
probably doing that to make Sailor let down his guard. “You don’t have to come
in if you don’t want to. I can talk with him here.”

“No, I’ll...I’ll come in with Connie.” I hung up and handed my phone back to
Connie, who immediately started watching the movie again. “Connie, honey, we
have to go inside, okay? You can watch on the big TV.” Connie frowned but
cooperated when I picked her up and brought her inside. I shut the door behind
me and carried my daughter to the couch. I turned on the movie and let her
watch as I went into the kitchen where I knew the men would be. Before I
turned the corner, I took a deep breath, preparing myself for the memories I
knew would hit me as soon as I saw his face.

I stepped into the kitchen and instantly met Will’s eyes, which were full of
love and tenderness. All I wanted to do was to run into his arms but I didn’t
because Sailor was here. I would show him that I was strong and that I didn’t
need him. I had a family, a family I loved with all my heart. Then I looked at
Sailor. It had been nine years since I’d seen him. He knew the eighteen year-
old Marina, but he didn’t know the twenty-seven year-old Marina. He had
changed; he looked older, which he should considering he was...thirty-four, if
my math was correct. Just like I’d expected, my mind drifted to the day Will
saved me, when Sailor was drunk and strangled me to near death. I closed my
eyes for a moment.

“Marina,” Sailor murmured, his voice the same as it was nine years ago.

My eyes snapped open. “Sailor,” I asked softly, “why did you come? How did you
find us?”

“I looked up Olive Oil on the Internet and saw that Will was the manager. I
saw his name and his wife’s also. I knew it was you the second I saw the name
Marina Rose Violet Cambridge. I had to come see you.”

“Why did you come?” I repeated. I met his gaze this time and felt Will slip a
protective arm around my waist. Sailor looked down at the floor.

“Because I wanted to apologize. I looked for you for three years after that
day, but every time I came near the campus, I was immediately turned away. I
haven’t been able to contact you since.”

“You didn’t think to call my office at Crighton?”

“I didn’t know where you worked, Mari,” Sailor sighed. My eyes immediately
darkened and my lips formed a hard line when he said Mari.

“You can call me Marina, thank you,” I said coldly. “Now, what did you come
here for, Sailor? For real.”

“I’m sorry, Marina. I didn’t know what I was doing that day. I’m sorry I ever
hurt you and I didn’t mean it. I was drunk and stupid—”

“You’re damn right you were drunk,” Will cut in. “You fucking strangled her.
If it weren’t for me, she’d be dead. _You_ would’ve killed her, Sailor.
_You.”_

“I still have marks,” I said quietly. I walked up to Sailor and pulled back my
hair, turning around so he could see the red-purple skin on the back of my
neck.

“I’m so sorry, Marina. I was drunk and I always got that way when I was drunk.
The night before I was angry and vodka was the only thing that took the pain
away.”

“Angry with whom?” I asked him.

“Myself. I was planning to ask you to be my girlfriend but I...every time I
got the chance, I chickened out. I was mad because I couldn’t ask you. I was a
fucking coward. When I woke up to see you kneeling next to me, a voice in my
head said that it was all your fault. I misdirected my anger at you. I’m so
fucking sorry, Marina, truly. I can’t even live with myself anymore. Every
night I see your terrified face and I fucking hate it. I’ve wished that I
could just see you again and tell you how sorry I am. I’ve spent nine fucking
years without you and I want you back.” I saw anger flash across Sailor’s face
when he looked at Will.

“Sailor...”

“I can be a father, Mari. I can be Connie’s father. I’m sure I’ll do a better
job than this asshole is doing.” Sailor glared at Will.

I gasped. I couldn’t stop myself; I slapped him. Hard. “You dare come here and
speak about my husband like that? I will have you know, Sailor Foxx, that Will
is the best father walking this Earth and if you even _think_ you can be
Connie’s father, you’re a fucking dumbass. You’re the one who strangled me.
Will’s the one who beat you up until you stopped. You were a fucking drunk the
whole fucking time, Sailor. For the month we were friends, and practically
became closer than that, you never told me. You never said you were an
alcoholic.” Sailor flinched but I didn’t give a shit. “And guess what? The sad
thing is, I probably would’ve said yes if you asked me. But you didn’t. You
didn’t fucking ask me because you were too fucking scared.” I knew my words
were harsh but I needed to say this and he needed to hear it.

“I loved you. I loved you and you hurt me. Do you know how long I spent trying
to get over you? Four years, Sailor Foxx, four years. When I started working
at Crighton, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. Because guess
what? I knew I’d never see your face again. You’d never come back and haunt me
for the rest of my life. I was never anything to you. I was just some stupid
bitch in love. I know I’m right because if I wasn’t just a toy to you, you
would’ve looked harder for me. You would’ve searched the entire fucking world
to find me if you were really sorry. Now you want me back because I’m the one
thing you can’t fucking have. You think you can come here and ask for me to
forgive you? You made me afraid to love. I almost lost Will because I
remembered all the good times we had together. Then I remembered how it ended:
you almost killed me. I have a family now and you will not take them away from
me. So I don’t give a shit about your fucking apology. You can take your
Porsche and leave. I don’t want to see or hear about you again. Now get out,
Sailor Foxx. And don’t ever come back.”

Sailor got up and left without a word. I didn’t move until I heard the front
door shut. When it did, Will opened his arms knowingly and I ran into them,
sobbing. His t-shirt was wet in an instant. He was silent, stroking my hair
and kissing the top of my head. I held on to him tightly, never wanting to let
him go. When I finally calmed down, I leaned up and kissed Will’s soft lips.
“I love you,” I said quietly.

“I love you, too, Mari. And I’m sorry this had to happen.”

“It’s okay. It felt good to let it out. I’ve been wanting to say that to him
for five years.”

“Really? It sounded pretty badass to me.” Will winked at me. I rolled my eyes.

“Come on, Mr. Cambridge, Connie awaits us.” I turned and walked into the
living room where Connie was just finishing Despicable Me 2.

“Mommy! Daddy!” She jumped off the cushions and Will scooped her up. Connie
giggled, a bubbly adorable laugh. “Who was that man that left?”

“He was one of Mommy’s old teachers when she was in college,” Will answered. I
shot him a grateful look.

“What’s his name?” she asked innocently.

“Mr. Foxx,” I replied. “Mr. Sailor Foxx.”

“Foxx, like the animal?” Connie’s eyes were wide with curiosity.

“Yes, honey, just like the animal. You’re so smart!” Will chuckled. Connie
beamed at her father.

“Mommy, I’m hungry.” I looked at my watch and saw that it was almost one
o’clock.

“What do you want to eat?” I asked her. Connie’s face lit up.

“French fries!”

“Okay, we’ll go to Five Guys and get some fries. How does that sound?” Will
laughed.

“Let’s go right now!” Connie squealed excitedly. I smiled and looked at Will.
He shrugged and carried Connie to the car. We had lunch and called Leigh to
see how Mitchell was doing. He was to stay in the hospital for a few more days
but he’d be fine. Leigh also told us to come to the hospital. Will gave me a
curious look before driving us to St. Morgan’s.

“What’s up, Leigh? Is something wrong?” I asked when we got to the hospital.
Leigh shook her head, smiling.

“So, you know how I’ve been having mood swings for the past couple weeks?”
Will and I nodded. We both noticed it. “Well, I asked if I could get tested,
since I was here already, and guess what?” I was about to ask what she got
tested for, but Leigh spoke before I could say a word.

“We’re having another child!”

I gasped. I did _not _see this coming. “Really?” Leigh nodded.
“Congratulations!”

Ben poked his head out from behind his mother. “Auntie Mari? Uncle Will?” Will
knelt down in front of him.

“Yes, Ben?”

“Daddy is sleeping and Mommy won’t let me wake him up.” Ben frowned. I
laughed. Leigh rolled her eyes.

“Well, I’m sure your mommy has a good reason for that. Your daddy needs to
rest.”

“What happened to him?”

I looked wide-eyed at Leigh. She hadn’t told him yet? Leigh sighed. “Ben,
Daddy hit his head. But he’ll be fine soon, I promise.”

“Oh.” Ben pondered with the new information for a moment. “But when can I wake
him up?”

“Daddy will wake up soon.” Leigh shot me an exasperated look and I silently
laughed.

Children were children, and even though they could
be...interesting...sometimes, I wouldn’t trade them for anything. I loved them
and this was where I belonged: with my family.

