### The Girl with the Spider Ring. Part Seven by SeSteorra

**Date Added:** 2014-07-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Could a resolution to all their problems be in view? 

* * *

Part Seven

Max sat on his bed completely dumbstruck. How could this even make sense to
her? He couldn't think of the words to describe to her all the ways he loved
her. He could see her begin to cry, why did she always cry? He knew they
rushed their relationship a little, and obviously they didn't plan on getting
pregnant, but he's loved her for a long time before this. Did she? Max pulled
her back against him and began.

“Amelia Marie Taylor we've known each other since you walked into my sixth
grade math class in your polka-dot puffy skirt and pink sweater. Since you sat
next to me and said 'Hi I'm Amelia and I'm new what's your name'. I knew I we
were friends a week later when you invited me over to do history homework and
admitted that you normally don't ever talk to anybody. I knew that I would
always protect you when Amber was picking on you and I told her to leave you
alone. Through out middle school I got to know you more and more and when you
asked me to take you to the eighth grade formal dance and I saw you in that
deep blue dress with the ruffles right above your knee I knew you were the
prettiest girl I'd ever seen. That very same night when you clung to my side
and we danced really close at the end I knew I was in love with you. We
started high school and everyday my heart broke when all you could talk about
was 'how cute Tyler was' or that 'one day Tyler would ask you out' you just
knew it. I felt extremely guilty that I was relieved the night when we were
sixteen and Tyler gave you the address to a fake party. I was again
heartbroken after I drove to pick you up and hugged you as you cried for an
hour. I absolutely could not understand how he didn't see you the way I did,
and do! I was with you for so many years as just your friend and I loved it
every day but the night at the beach I took a risk. I knew that after you went
to New York, because lets face it you were going to get in, you may never have
come back and I didn't think I had anything to lose. Now you're pregnant with
my kid! It's pretty soon and we're very young but Amelia I always pictured
happening this some day. Of course you're not 'damaged goods' you're beyond
perfect and even more so with jelly bean in there. Does this answer your
questions babe?”

Ami was crying her eyes out by then end of Max's speech but this time out of
happiness. “God Max, I had no idea! If I'd have known we could have been
together so much earlier.” Max turned her around to kiss her and with air
clear the couple spent the rest of the afternoon in Max's bed.

Max's mom was working a late shift today so he fixed a small dinner of salad
and chicken for Amelia and him. The two sat at the table and ate in a much
better mood. “So a full time well paying job?” Ami asked. She felt awful for
not acknowledging the news earlier. “Yes! This with the money I have in
savings, after school is done we could find an apartment, maybe even in New
York?” He raised his eyebrow and smiled when he said the last bit. Ami
practically choked on her food, “Why New York?”. “Well you were accepted,
maybe you could start in the second semester after the baby is born?” Max
didn't want Amelia to give up on her dreams just because life threw a curve
ball. “We couldn't afford that! I mean my parents would help me with school
but an apartment and baby things? One job couldn't do it” Max knew the plan
was far fetched but he had to try, he would try.

After dinner Max drove Amelia to her house where he stayed for a few more
hours to keep her company as she tidied up her room. She was on the corner
clearing off her dresser top and Max sat on the edge of her bed. “Ami I know
you don't want to talk about this but, do you think we should press charges on
the guy in the dance studio?” Amelia dropped a candle on the floor and it
shattered with a loud thud. “Max I forgot all about him! Oh my god! I can't go
to school tomorrow what if I see him? I don't even know who it is!” In an
instant Max was on his feet holding her against him rubbing her head. “I know
I know, but do you know what he was gonna do if I didn't walk in? We can't, I
can't let him get away with it.” She looked up at him with wide eyes, she
could see the anger coming back to him eyes at the thought and he began to
really squeeze her shoulder. “Ow, babe you're hurting me.” Max let go of her
and stepped back. “I'm so sorry Ami, I just can't stand the thought of someone
harming you,” He came back and rubbed her belly “or jellybean.” “Don't you
think I know that?. If I can figure that out then I guess I'll press charges.”
Max smiled and kissed Amelia's forehead. “Why don't we file the report now and
figure out who did it tomorrow?”.

The next morning Max walked into school with a protective arm around Ami's
waist. The night before was a long and stressful one as the told both Ami's
parents and the police what happened. Jerry, her father, was just as livid as
Max was and the two almost bonded over their protective instincts over her.
Ami and her mother cried as she recounted everything to the policeman in
charge of the case and after the paperwork and report was filled he gave her
his number to call the second she felt as though she could identify the
suspect at school.

Max escorted Amelia through the hallway to her locker, nothing yet. He walked
her to English class where he assured her he would wait right out of the door.
Ami sat at her desk and started thumbing through her book when the desk next
to her moved. She glanced up and to her horror found a bruised eye and busted
nose that belonged to Tyler. He met her look and stared daggers back at her.
She almost screamed but quickly gathered her things and ran to the hall. “I
found him!” she yelled as she ran to Max's arms, “it's Tyler! Oh my god it's
him!” Max looked into the room and couldn't believe it, he really was sitting
there busted face and everything, what an idiot, he thought to himself. He had
half a mind to walked in there and beat the little bastard up again, but
swallowed his pride and anger to pull out his phone. “what's the number the
cop gave us?”

______________________________________________________________________________
______

Not terribly long, sorry. I feel this story ending soon, I'm just working
towards it!

I just noticed Part One has over 1,000 reads! That blows my mind. I never
expected many people to read what I published Thank you all so much!
Definitely keeps me going.

Send feedback and let me know what you think, as always thanks for reading
guys! E.C.<3

