### Rulers of Terrace View 24 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-07-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Thanks to everyone who gave feedback! Please enjoy. 

* * *

**Part 24***

**Thank you to all who have read all of these parts, there are quite a few. I haven't recieved any interest so this will be my last part. Thanks to those who did give feedback at all and I hope everyone enjoyed following this story as much as I enjoyed writing it. **

** **

And then, like a magician, he’s gone. I am half-convinced doctors are
magicians. I never thought humans could endure what they do, when they cut
open other humans. I could not focus if I am ever looking into the body of
another individual of my own species. It has always freaked me out just
thinking about it.

We all sit again after the doctor leaves. I want to say something to lighten
the situation, but we all sit in heavy silence instead. Even the strangers
around us seem to drop their reading and/or watching material. But the air is
thick with tension though no one dares to interrupt that weird silence/peace.
We all are either lost in ourselves, like Cooper, or worried sick about Aaron,
like yours truly. It seems there is not much of an in-between, grey area.

Although, in all honesty, I could easily have been either. I get lost in
myself even without a serious situation. This comes as no surprise to anyone
who knows me.

Regardless, none of my inward-insight gets me anywhere. It only helps me
realize that I have to do something for him, and have actually _done_ nothing.
I get up and approach Cooper.

“Can I talk to you, privately?” I ask him this without looking at either him
or Kim because I know if I did that I would lose my nerve. And now is no time
to lose my nerve. I force myself to look at him though because it would be
harder for him to say no with me staring him down. I make eye contact and his
eyes are brown and fairly dark, they aren’t as mysterious or dark as his
son’s. But regardless there is a similarity that makes my stomach churn.

“Sure, Layla,” he says, and gets up.

We choose a place to sit where we won’t be overheard easily. Cooper sits next
to me, and fixes his tired gaze on my eyes. I try with all my might not to
blush.

“Sir,” I begin, but he cuts me off quickly.

“Please, just call me Cooper.” I look at him, astounded at how much Aaron
sounds like his dad when he asks people to do the same.

“Cooper,” I begin again. He listens this time and I pause, realizing that I
have no idea how to approach this. “Uhm, I’ve heard things, noticed things.
Isn’t there a way for me to help? With anything?”

Cooper smiles at me, in a friendly, but amused manner. I am confused.

“You’re sweet. But do you have any idea what Aaron would do if he found out I
put you in danger?” He shakes his head. “I can’t…”

“He shouldn’t have a choice in this. He’s done this to himself too many times.
He should learn what it feels like to watch someone he cares about push
themselves like he does. Plus, he never _has_ to know about it, he has to be
here. We wouldn’t have to tell him.”

While I am talking, Cooper gets this weird look in his eye. Like, a light has
turned on inside his darkened head. He seems to come to some revolutionary
conclusion while I was rambling on.

“You’re… you’re right.” He is silent after he says this, and seems to retreat
into his mind again.

“You want to help?” he finally asks me, and I look over at him, eager for
anything helpful I can do. I nod fervently.

“Please,” I beg.

“Fine. I could use you as, well, as bait.”

Although my stomach sinks when he says that I quickly recover. Anything for
Aaron.

“Sure. What do you want me to do?”

He looks at me, clearly surprised.

“You don’t want to think it over?”

“I’ve done enough thinking,” I say, my resolve unbroken. “Now is the time for
action. I need to do _something_ useful. Anything. I can’t watch him go on
like this.” I get quiet, thinking about Aaron in the hospital bed, his dark
eyes not fully open, plagued with pain. And now he can’t even ask for anything
he needs. He’s a mute, in severe pain. Sounds like anyone’s personal hell.

“Okay,” Cooper says quietly, pulling me from my haze. ”Come with me.”

He stands and I follow. When the others begin to follow as well, he puts a
hand up to them.

“Layla and I are going out for a bit. I’ll be back soon. Come on,” he says to
me and walks confidently from the room.

“Bye,” I whisper, and nod to them. Then I follow Cooper down the hall, down
the stairs and out to the parking lot. He climbs in his red Ferrari and I get
in the passenger’s side. We sit in silence as he turns on the car and pulls
out of the hospital parking lot.

“Listen, I have a hunch about what is

going on. I have to confirm this before I can do anything about it. Aaron
almost had them last night, but they got away and he was unable to run after
them when everything fell through. So now I need you to act as bait. They
tried to get you once, but failed.”

“Why?! What happened?”

“They want you as leverage. What he really wants is Aaron though.”

“He?

“Shit. Let that slip. I guess I have to tell my hypothesis_ now_. I think that
my longtime rival and old best friend has some hand in all of this. I think he
has a group. They’re orchestrating a plan to break down the Jeffers
conglomerate. If he gets his grimy hands on Aaron, he knows that I will do
anything he says.”

I am slightly insulted by this. Perhaps the man has something against taking
control of younger girls. But I am guessing not, based on what they did to me.
I think, they are targeting Aaron because we all know (but will never say it
aloud) that Aaron is Cooper’s most prized possession. Aaron is Cooper’s legacy
and he seems to be viciously protective of his little girls but even more so
for his boy. And this is slightly upsetting. Aaron is Cooper’s Achilles tendon
because he is a male, the only son.

So I also realize, in turn, that there is a weird but existent possibility
that_ I_ will own the town one day. If the only person Aaron listens to is me,
and the only person Cooper really listens to is Aaron, than I will control it
all. My stomach lurches when I think this, so I shove it all out of my head.
No way. There’s no way… right?

Before I know it, the car is stopped at some secluded bus stop. No one else is
around.

“Get out, quickly, and get on the bus. Travel for a while until you think
someone is trailing you. Then get off.”

There is a bus stop about a hundred feet from the vehicle. I suddenly get very
nervous.

“But…” I look at him, having a semi-severe wave of anxiety. He can see my
apprehension instantly.

“This is for Aaron. Have faith.” He gives me a warm smile and I get out
without a second thought.

When I board the bus, it takes us right into the heart of Terrace View, on
Main Street. It’s after we leave the stop that I feel _his_ presence. It’s the
guy from before. I try to stare out the window absently, like I did before.
But now I am aware of him and my stomach churns loudly. I cover it quickly and
the noise is dulled. I try to play it off and continue to stare out the
window.

But I can feel his gaze. And it makes my hair stand on end. I pull the light
jacket I’m wearing closer to my body. I begin to feel frightened again but
think of Cooper.

Have faith.

I remember his warm smile and I begin to feel better again. Until I realize
that we have left Main Street and are heading out into the secluded farmland
around the busy town. I try to calm my breathing and slow my heart rate but
neither my heart nor my lungs respond to my attempts. At the next stop, I
stand. He stands too. I try to get a good look at him this time but his hood
is in front of his eyes. I head off the bus, hoping someone will catch him and
stop him from whatever he is planning to do to me.

This time when we get off the bus, a few people demount with us. We walk our
separate ways, but the guy in the black hoodie keeps trailing me, at least
twenty feet behind. I don’t know if they will be so bold to attack again. And
my face is still quite sore from yesterday’s attack. Attack.

My heart begins to beat faster than it is already because the others that were
around have faded into the distance. I don’t want to be attacked again! I get
nervous and my hands get sweaty.

“Excuse me, miss,” I hear him say. I ignore him, still terrified and unable to
do anything but continue walking, **fast**.

“Miss?!” I think of Aaron. This give me courage instantly.

“Listen,” I say, spinning around. He stops walking, his hood still drawn. I
turn and begin to run. He runs after me. I scream and run into a cornfield
bordering the road. I run and run until someone tackles me. I do have practice
running away, after all. I am rolled over and I immediately begin to fight,
using nails and screaming.

“Layla!”

My name? I stop fighting, I am under someone I don’t know but he is looking at
me kindly. Wait, I recognize him. He was the handsome older teen with black
hair and green eyes that I saw when I was with Aaron the other day.

“I work for the Cooper. Everything is under control. It’s okay. We have him.”

“I’m sorry,” I say, still shaking.

“It’s okay. I’m sorry we took so long.”

I smile up at him but instead, like stupid little girl I am, I begin to cry. I
begin to sob actually.

“Layla,” he says softly. He grabs me and holds me like I am the most precious
thing in the world. “Are you hurt?” he asks me, continuing to hold me. I shake
my head, tears still running down my face.

“You should get home now,” he says, pulling away gently. I look up at him.
“You’ve had enough for one day.”

When I am led to a fancy, expensive-looking car by the handsome young man, I
get a glimpse of the guy who had been following me. I don’t see his face
though, because he is sitting in the back of another car, with a canvas bag
over his head. I stare at him, feeling safe now. The man with me opens the
door for me and I get in.

“My name is Wyatt, and I’m one of Cooper’s nephews.”

Only after I got out of the car and he had driven away that I had realized
what that could mean. I might have just met one of Aaron’s biggest rivals. He
looks about 18 or 19 years old and he’s very attractive. He might be as
attractive as Aaron, I ponder as I enter my house

“I’m glad you’re home,” my mom says, approaching me. She’s drying her hands on
a kitchen hand towel. “You’re still grounded, this is just a special
circumstance because someone is really hurt.”

When she says this, it feels as if instead of speaking, she had simply punched
me in the gut. I guess it registers on my face, too, because she says,

“Oh… honey, I’m sorry.”

I shrug in response and try my hardest not to cry. My mom sees this easily and
wraps me in a hug.

“Dinner will be ready soon. But you should go wash up before.”

I nod. I want to take a shower or a bath or anything that will help me
untangle the knot in my stomach about Aaron.

And… Wyatt. I can’t help but to be curious about one of Aaron’s rivals. He is
very attractive, and I wonder where the hell all the genes are coming from.
Who was the super model that infiltrated their family line? I think about it.
When he tackled me, when he took me down he did it almost gracefully. And he
didn’t hurt me. This leads me to believe that he is athletic, like Aaron. His
muscles, too. I could see his biceps bulging against the sleeve of his
t-shirt. It wasn’t huge though, I can tell that it is natural sports muscle.

It’s like Aaron’s muscle. Ugh. I can’t stop comparing them. I turn on the bath
water to warm and lock the bathroom door. If Aaron knew how I was comparing
them in my mind he would probably hate me for it. But it’s difficult, they
both seem so similar.

In the car, he had seemed so laid back and easygoing. He asked me about school
and about all the things going on, about how I am associated with the Jeffers
and so on. With Wyatt, nothing seemed forced either. He was kind, and now and
then he would glance at me. Unlike his cousin’s unending dark eyes, his were
shining brilliantly bright in the late day sun still a few hours from
darkness. They looked like perfect emeralds, with darker green rims around the
iris.

I can see how this guy would be Aaron’s competition. So far, I haven’t met
anyone with a prayer of being worthy competition. But if anyone can be, it
will be Wyatt. I lower myself into the tub of warm water, and think, letting
the water soak my body all the way up to my nose.

I’m the worst friend, employee, lover, whatever I am to him, I’m the worst. I
shouldn’t be thinking of anyone measuring up to him. He is my supposed hero
after all. Why would someone compare another to their hero in concern of
competition? Unless I doubted him. Wouldn’t that be me doubting him? I should
always believe in him! I feel like a traitor to myself. Why am I even thinking
about Wyatt?

I should be worried sick about Aaron. And although I am still concerned, my
thoughts are being intruded. How sick am I and what’s wrong with me? How could
I even be thinking about Wyatt instead of focusing all my energy on Aaron?

I owe so much to him, and yet, the moment things get really tough, I am
thinking elsewhere. I am so disgusted in myself. I think about everything
that’s happened with him and about him since I’ve moved here. All the conflict
and all my obsessing. I think about the way his dark eyes look different
depending on the situation. They can look so warm and kindly at me, but I’ve
seen them throw daggers at others, like the men who interrupted when I was
rubbing his leg.

I think about how he chews his thumbnail, and when he smiles, a true smile if
his eyes are smiling too. I’ve seen both genuine and forced. Both are
extremely endearing. I think about his hand shaking, about how his eyes look
when he’s in pain. I close my eyes and breathe through my nose, imagining his
scent.

I do all I can not to think of him in the hospital, mute and in pain. My
stomach turns over and I sit up in the tub, feeling like I might puke
everywhere. I get up and wash off, shampooing myself and actually washing,
trying not to think of anything but the steps to take when I am in the shower.
I go downstairs after and choke down the food my mom makes, forcing substance
into my shriveled and very unhappy stomach.

When I go back upstairs I immediately throw up my meal into the toilet basin.

