### Dex and Kayla by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Kayla’s POV

Okay, so I was completely and totally in love. Don’t laugh; I’m being serious.
He was new at our school, but I knew him already. We met at camp a few summers
back and even though it had been a couple years, I recognized him immediately.
Same ginger hair, same dark hazel eyes, same bad-boy grin. I couldn’t believe
he was attending our school! It was only October but I knew that he was the
one. I was a sophomore and he was a senior; all my friends said I didn’t have
a chance. He was, after all, the new hot guy, the one every slut in the school
went for. It literally sickened me; they tried sitting with him at lunch,
flirting, and all that other crap. But me? No. I just waited for him to
realize that I was there. We had the same lunch time and a few classes
together. He was taking Latin 2 and so was I. Art and gym were the others. I
was an exceptionally good swimmer, but lucky for me, we didn’t have a pool at
our school. Art I wasn’t so bad at, but I wasn’t exactly the best either.
Everyone knew that Karen Thompson was the best artist in the school. But I
didn’t really give a damn about Karen Thompson. The person I _did_ give a damn
about was Dex.

Dexter Prater was the center of my universe. Okay, that was put
metaphorically, but still. You get the point. So when I woke up one Friday
morning all excited to see Dex, I was completely oblivious to everything
around me.

I got to school and it was eerily quiet. Was I...wait, was I supposed to be
here? Shit, was...I looked at my watch. Shit! Today was Saturday, not Friday!
I yelled “GODDAMMIT!” really loud, thinking that no one would be there. But,
again, I was wrong.

“Hello?” OH SHIT. It was Dex! I slipped around a corner to hide but ran into
him instead. He was shirtless and a sheen of sweat covered his forehead.
“Kayla? What are you doing here? And with a backpack...?”

“Well, see, I...” I stammered. “I thought it was Friday...what are _you_ doing
here? And especially this early on a Saturday.”

“Just my usual morning run, that’s all. I just finished.”

“It’s...” I looked at my watch again. “seven in the morning. What time did you
start?”

“Half an hour ago. And if I may ask, why do you wear your watch on your right
hand?” Dex studied me curiously.

“I don’t know. But anyway, how come I’ve never noticed you running before? I’m
always here early.”

“On the weekdays, I start an hour earlier. I like to be warmed up for school,
and a couple miles in the morning is my way of waking myself up.”

“That’s like what I do in the summer: get up at four every day and swim for a
couple hours,” I remarked. Dex raised his eyebrows. “Seriously! I’m not
kidding! But the pool in this town doesn’t open until nine, so I usually go
after school.”

“Every day.”

“Yeah. Anyway, I should get going so you can go home. I’m sure you don’t want
to look at my beautiful face at seven in the morning on a Saturday,” I said
sarcastically, turning around to leave.

“Kayla, hold up a second.” I frowned and looked over my shoulder. Dex took a
deep breath as I held mine. “Would you...would you like to see a movie with me
next Friday? If you’re not busy?” I almost fainted right there but managed to
compose myself before I did.

“Yes, Dex, I’d love to!” I gave him a bright smile and the visible tension in
his shoulders disappeared, revealing the confident, sexy boy I knew.

“Great. What time should I pick you up?”

“Um, I don’t know, maybe seven?”

“Sounds good.”

“You’ll need my address, right?”

“Well, yeah, unless you want me to pick you up here at school.” Dex winked and
grinned. I scribbled my address onto a piece of paper I ripped from my
notebook and handed it to him. Then we parted ways, my stomach doing
cartwheels and flips. I was going on a date with Dex Prater!

* * *

Dexter’s POV

Did I seriously just do that? Did I just ask Kayla Kris out on a date?
_Dammit, Dex, you weren’t supposed to ask her yet! You were supposed to wait!_
So, my original plan was this:

1\. Approach Kayla a month before prom.

2\. Ask her to be my date. (Honestly, I didn't give a shit about our age
diference. It was only two years.)

3\. If she says yes, plan a romantic dinner for after prom.

4\. If she says no, don’t go to the prom.

5\. Back to number 3, make sure you actually _talk_ to her.

6\. Ask her out on another date after dinner.

7\. Slowly get close to her, try to get her to love me.

8\. Ask her to be my girlfriend.

So that’s as far as I’d gotten. Sadly, I’d be going to college next year,
which meant I wouldn’t be able to see Kayla every day. _Jesus, Dex, you just
messed everything up! Fuuuccckkk...well, what the hell, I’ll just go with it
and see what happens._ When Kayla was out of sight, I started running home. I
had to admit, it was kind of funny that she thought it was Friday. I would
have laughed but I didn’t want to offend her, as girls tended to be
_extremely_ sensitive. Like, _way _too sensitive.

As I walked through my front door, my mother greeted me with a wave of a hand.
She was watching TV, which she usually did on Saturday mornings. I didn’t have
any siblings, although I did wish I had a sister sometimes. You know, so I
could mess with her, annoy her, that kind of stuff. And ask her about how to
approach Kayla. I still remembered that first day of camp a couple years ago.
The first time I saw her, I swear I thought she was an angel. She was
beautiful; dark brown hair, big hazel eyes, full pink lips. I would’ve gone up
to her the first day but I was afraid. Kayla wasn’t your average girl. I
didn’t know if I loved her or not, but it was definitely more than a
friendship to me.

I popped some Eggo waffles in the toaster and turned on my music, putting my
Skullcandy earbuds in. I liked both alternative and pop, but rock was
sometimes good too, depending on the song. I ate my breakfast and started
wondering how I would spend my day. I decided to hang out with my best friend,
Zac. “Hey Zac, wanna come over? I’ve got nothing to do.”

“Sure, why not? I’ll be over in ten.” He hung up and my mind started drifting
off to thoughts of Kayla. My original plan was practically down the drain
already; it was October and prom was in June. So basically, if things didn’t
work out with Kayla, I was screwed. I had totally fucked everything up. But
what the hell was I supposed to do? I couldn’t just stand there and say
nothing to her. Oh wait, I could. But I didn’t because I was _so_ smart.
_Jesus, Dex, you can’t even keep your own mouth shut. How do you expect Kayla
to like you if you can’t shut up?_ I kept thinking like this until Zac showed
up. “Hey man, what’s up? What do you feel like doing?”

“I don’t know. Hey, you’re still with Dina, right?” Dina was Zac’s girlfriend
and had been for a few months now.

“Uh, yeah, why do you ask? Did you mess up your plan with that Kayla girl you
like so much?” I didn’t answer. Zac took my silence as a yes. “Damn, Dex,
what’d you do?”

I sighed. “I asked her out on a date this morning. And she said yes.”

_“What?” _Zac gaped at me. “Why would you do that?”

“Well what was I supposed to say?”

“Nothing!”

I rubbed my temple and closed my eyes. Zac really knew how to be nice to
someone after they made a mistake. “Well what should I do?”

“Call it off!”

“You mean cancel the date?”

“Yes!”

“No, I can’t do that. Then what chances do I have that she’ll say yes if I ask
her to the prom?”

Zac considered that for a moment. “Shit, Dex, you really fucked up.

“Thanks, Zac. It means a lot.” I glared at him. Zac rolled his eyes.

“Well, I don’t know what to tell you. You can go on the date and not talk to
her after...”

“I can’t. She’s in my art, gym, and Latin classes.”

“Just ignore her. Then surprise her by asking her to the prom.”

“I don’t think that’s going to work, Zac.”

“Why not?”

I swear to God, Zac could be the biggest idiot sometimes. “Because. Look, I’ll
just deal with it somehow. Anyway, what do you want to do? Instead of talking
about my major girl problems,” I stated flatly.

“Whatever you say, man. What about we play Black Ops?” Zac suggested. I went
over to the TV and turned on my PlayStation. We eventually died because I
couldn’t stop thinking about Kayla.

I thought, what_ the hell am I supposed to do?_

