### Dex and Kayla Chap. 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Kayla’s POV

For some reason, Dex avoided talking to me as much as possible. If I smiled,
then he kind of forced himself to smile back. I didn’t know what was going on,
but maybe he was just nervous for tonight. I still wasn’t sure what to wear
and it was Friday evening. I was debating between a blouse and jeans or a
casual dress. I decided to call my friend, Dina, and asked her to help me
decide. Dina was a senior like Dex, but she was my neighbor, too. “I think you
should go with the blouse and jeans,” Dina stated as soon as she saw my
choices. “But don’t wear the dark navy; wear something lighter, like the red
one over there.” She pointed to my closet where the shirt was hanging. “Dark
navy and dark jeans don’t match.”

“Yes they do,” I protested. I liked dark colors, unlike almost ninety percent
of my school's female population. “They look fine together.”

“No, they really don’t, Kayla,” said Dina, shaking her head. “Try it on and
let me see.” I went to the bathroom and changed quickly. Dina smiled when she
saw me. “You look perfect. Now we have to do your hair and makeup.”

“It’s just a movie date, Dina. We’re not going to a five-star restaurant,” I
sighed.

Dina waved her hand dismissively. “It doesn’t matter. You want to look your
best for him, right?” I rolled my eyes.

“I don’t think he cares about makeup, Dina. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have asked
me out.” Dina stood her ground in a stare-off until I finally relented. “Do it
quickly.” Dina smiled and took out a bag from her purse. I assumed it was a
makeup bag.

“Close you eyes and don’t open them until I say so.” I obeyed and waited about
fifteen minutes until she was done. “Okay, you can open them.” Dina handed me
a mirror. She did a pretty good job, and to my relief, she didn’t use colored
eyeshadow. “Like it?”

“Love it,” I replied. I looked at the clock on my wall to see it was almost
seven; Dex would be here any minute. I thanked Dina and she turned the corner
just as I saw Dex’s car pull into my driveway. I let him ring the doorbell
before checking myself one more time. I opened the door to see Dex in an
untucked button-down shirt and jeans. “Hey.”

“Hey,” Dex said softly. I could tell he was looking me over as I closed the
door behind me and followed Dex to his car. He opened the door for me, which I
found so sweet, and slid into the driver’s seat. “So, how are you?”

“Pretty good, although I could be better. You?”

“What could make you better?” Dex asked. I noticed he purposefully dodged my
question. I shrugged and smiled teasingly.

“This date.” When he realized I was playing with him, Dex rolled his eyes and
glanced at me. “What are we seeing?”

“Well, what do you want to see?”

“I don’t know...”

“I heard that Black Letter was good. The one with Scarlett Johansson. Would
that one be okay?”

“Sure.” We carried an easy conversation until we reached the cinema. I
expected Dex to go to the ticket counter but he didn’t. I raised an eyebrow.
“You expect to get into the theater without a ticket?” Dex laughed.

“No, I already got the tickets.” I blinked. He took two tickets out of his
pocket.

“You already got them and you still asked me what I wanted to see?”

“Well, I had a feeling you wouldn’t know what you wanted to see, but if you
did, then I’d get tickets to another movie.”

“But then you would’ve wasted money.”

“I always could have convinced you to see the movie you wanted another time
with me.”

“Really?” I acted as interested as possible, playing along. “How so?”

“Like this.” Dex moved closer to me until we were inches away. I looked up at
him—damn, he was _tall_—and let out a small sigh. Dex ran his thumb over my
cheekbone and kissed my forehead softly. It wasn’t a big deal like a kiss on
the lips, but it still left me breathless.

“You’re good at convincing,” I murmured. Dex chuckled and stepped back.

“Maybe it’s just you.” I was about to say something but he took my hand and
led me to the theater. We sat near the middle where I usually liked to sit,
and shared a bag of popcorn. Some of the parts were a bit scary, and I ended
up hiding my face in Dex’s shoulder. _So embarrassing. Stop it, Kayla,_ I told
myself silently. Dex’s arm slid around me sometime during the middle of the
movie without me noticing. When it ended, we both stood and left the cinema.
As we were driving back to my house, Dex commented, “You seemed kind of
scared—” I cut him off by punching him lightly in the shoulder.

“Hey. Don’t tease me.” The corners of Dex’s lips tugged until he was able to
suppress the smile. “Alright, well it was a _little_ scary.”

“A little? Because I remember you hiding your face almost ten times—”

“You were counting?”

“Well, yeah.” Dex smirked, and it looked damn good on him. I thought it was
sexy, almost _too_ sexy. With that look, any girl would be smitten in a
second. “I had a good time, though.”

I nodded in agreement. “It was a good movie. She’s a good actress.”

“Have you seen the Avengers? Or any Marvel movies? I love them.”

“Yeah, I have. I think the second Avengers was the best, though. I saw it last
night.”

“What? But it’s not supposed to come out until next week.”

“One pro of having a film director as a father.” I smirked when Dex’s jaw
dropped.

“Brian Kris is your father?” Dex looked over at me, eyebrows raised and lips
slightly parted in shock. I had to laugh; it was one of the funniest
expressions I’d ever seen. “What?”

“Nothing,” I answered. “But yes, he’s my dad.”

“Meaning Valeri Kris is your mom?” I nodded. “Well now I know where you get
your looks from.” I blushed. Mother was a supermodel, a previous Miss
Universe, and the present face of Victoria’s Secret. To conclude, she was
beautiful and I had inherited some of her looks, like her thick, silky dark
hair and enchanting hazel-gray eyes. “That was meant as a compliment, by the
way,” Dex added.

“I know,” I said quietly. We pulled up into my driveway and Dex parked the
car. He walked me to my doorstep and looked like he was about to say
something. “Yes?”

“I had a great time with you.” He paused. “Would you...would you like to go on
another date with me? Like, a _real_ date?”

I frowned. “Wasn’t this a real date?”

“Well, yes, but I mean a dinner date.” He bit his lip, making him look
adorable. I smiled.

“Yes, I’d love to.” Dex let out a breath of relief before kissing my forehead.

“Pick a day and tell me on Monday. I know just the place to take you.” He went
back to his car and backed out, waving goodbye to me. I was so happy I didn’t
know what to do with myself.

