### Dex and Kayla Chap. 3 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Dex’s POV

Okay. New plan. (1) Make Kayla like me. (2) Slowly get closer to her. (3) Keep
going on dates. (4) Ask her to be my girlfriend. (5) If she says yes, then ask
her to the prom when June comes. (6) If she says no, stay friends and ask her
to go as friends.

It wasn’t the best plan, but it would do. I could tell she hadn’t been kissed
before by the way she reacted at the movie theater; she looked like she was
about to collapse and her breaths were short and fast. I knew word would get
out that we’d gone on a date tonight, but I didn’t give a damn about what
others thought. I liked her and that was that. Nothing would change that.
Every day, I looked forward to seeing her at school. I was sure my mom noticed
that I half-sulked on the weekends, but she didn’t say anything of it. I
always smiled when I saw Kayla, except this past week, when I kind of forced a
smile every time she saw me. I didn’t know what got into me. Maybe Zac was
getting to me; his strategy was probably the worst strategy ever. _Cancel the
date and ignore her until prom comes. _No. Absolutely not. He was such a
dumbass! Did he really think I’d be able to ignore Kayla for the rest of the
year? And what chances would I have if I asked her to the prom if I ignored
her and canceled our date? The answer is simple: -100000000000000000000000000.
Like I said, Zac was an idiot. The only reason he was still with Dina is
because he knew what she liked and what not to say and what not to do and
everything else that went with a relationship. Not me. I didn't know what the
fuck to do. I didn't know how to impress Kayla. The movie went pretty well
today, and I was the happiest guy in the universe when she rested her head on
my shoulder, but other than that, nothing special happened.

“Dexter?” My mom was the only one who called me by my full name. “Come down,
please.” I frowned and went downstairs. Mom never called me down unless it was
important. I stopped and froze when I saw him.

“Dad?” I hadn’t seen my father in ten years. Ten fucking years without him. I
glanced at my mother who seemed just as stunned as I was, judging by the tears
in her eyes. “What are you doing here?”

“I came to see you.”

“For what?”

“I’m going to live with you again.”

“After ten _years_?” I growled. “You didn’t even tell me where you went. How
did you find us? Mom and I have been working our asses off just so we can pay
for my college tuition. What happened to being there for us? For Mom? For
_me?”_ Mom placed a hand on my shoulder and shook her head.

“We have some explaining to do.” She led me to the couch in the living room
and Dad sat in the chair across from us. “Your father never really left us.”

“You lied to me?”

“It was for your own good, Dex,” said Dad. I glared at him. “I was sent on a
mission.”

“You’re in the army?” I knew so little about my father. The last time I saw
him was when I was eight. Dad nodded.

“It took so much longer than expected. I thought it would only take a few
months tops, but someone found out about us and we spent a year looking for
the leak. We went undercover—”

“We?”

“My team and me. After we found the leak, it took a few months to get him to
say anything. We spent the last eight years wiping out the whole group.”

“What was the purpose of the mission?” I asked.

“To get rid of a terrorist group that was continuously attacking cities in
Morocco. If we’d found the leader first, then it wouldn’t have taken so long.
But we found Saya about a month ago. We met at the rendezvous point two weeks
ago and our captain let us go. It took a week to find you but here I am. I
told your mother to move in case Saya found you, which is why you came to New
York and didn’t stay in Pennsylvania.”

“So all this time, I thought you left us. I thought you didn’t care. Do you
know how many times I’ve hoped you’d come back? But here you are expecting a
warm welcome. I used to wish you could help me with so many things: homework,
advice—hell, even women. But no, you just couldn’t tell me that you were in
the army and got sent out to Morocco. When people asked me what my parents did
for a living, I told them the truth about Mom. But I couldn’t say anything
about you because _I didn’t know the answer._ I don’t know anything about you.
On Parent Career Day in fourth grade, I was the only child in the class who
didn’t have a parent to come. Mom was working and you weren’t around. You’ve
never been around. I didn’t know where the fuck you went—”

“Language, Dexter,” Mom scolded.

“No, Mom, I don’t care about my language. I’m not going to forgive either of
you because you’ve been lying to me for ten years. _Ten years!”_ I grabbed my
car keys and slammed the front door behind me. I backed out and drove to the
only person I knew would understand, or at least listen. Not Zac, not Dina,
not even my own cousin who lived ten minutes away.

Kayla.

* * *

Kayla’s POV

I paused the episode of One Tree Hill—Dan just got hit by a car—when the
doorbell rang. Mother and Father were both away for the month—Mother at a
photoshoot in Los Angeles and Father filming in Indonesia—and the housemaid,
Ally, had already gone to sleep. It was almost midnight and I swore I would
curse whoever was knocking on my door at 12:00am. The last person I expected
to see was Dex, one hand in his pocket and the other running through his
ginger hair. My prepared chain of swears disappeared into thin air as he
spoke. “Hey, Kayla. I know it’s late, but can I talk to you for a little bit?”
I nodded and opened the door. We sat on the couch and Dex took a deep breath.
“I hate to bother you at this hour, but I had to talk to someone. You were the
only one I knew who’d understand.” Dex looked at me, studying me, with sad
dark eyes. I sucked in my breath.

“What would I understand?” I said quietly.

“My father disappeared out of my life when I was eight and came back tonight.”

I completely understood. My parents were hardly ever around so I barely knew
them. We shared a last name but that didn’t make us a family. They left me
with a housemaid (don’t get me wrong; Ally was the sweetest woman I’d ever
met) and I rarely saw them. Maybe three or four times a year. Instead, I
looked to Ally for advice, for help, for comfort. My parents didn’t raise me;
Ally did. “And how are you?” I asked sincerely.

“Angry as hell. They lied to me. Both of them. Mom is just as guilty.” Dex
took my hand—I don’t even think he noticed—as he explained everything: how his
father left when he was eight and Dex’s mother told him his dad left them. How
Dex believed his father was truly gone and would never return. How he hardly
knew anything about his own father. How his mother lied to him for ten years
and Dex never suspected anything. How angry he felt when he found out. How
hard his life had been with no father to teach him, love him, help him, raise
him. How he had to learn to drive a car on his own because his mother was too
busy to teach him and there were no teachers around. How nothing would ever be
the same again.

Dex gripped my hand and I listened patiently while he talked. I could hear the
distress, the hurt, the confusion, in his voice. When he was finished, we were
both silent. “Thanks for listening to me,” he said quietly after a moment.
“I’m sorry for taking this out on you.”

I shook my head. “No. You have every right to be angry, Dex.” Dex sighed and
looked down, finally realizing we were holding hands. To my surprise, he
didn’t let go; he just stared at our linked fingers for a minute. Then he
looked up at me, his dark hazel eyes glittering with emotion. This Dex was
different than the Dex everyone else knew. I felt myself swaying towards him,
pulled by an invisible force. His eyelids drifted shut a moment before mine.
Our lips met, not in a frenzy, but rather a sweet, soft kiss. It was _perfect;
_even better than how I imagined my first kiss to be.

We drifted apart and I opened my eyes. Dex was grinning and I couldn’t help
but smile also. He leaned in and kissed me again, a little harder this time. I
wound my fingers in his ginger hair as he placed his hands on my waist,
drawing me closer. It seemed like hours when it was probably a few minutes
until we finally drew apart. “I’ve wanted to do that since I first saw you at
that camp a few years ago,” Dex said.

I laughed. “Really? Why didn’t you?”

“I was afraid of rejection.”

I pretended to consider that. “That makes sense.” Dex chuckled and I rested my
head on his shoulder like I did just a few hours before at the movie theater.
“What are you going to do?”

“Honestly, I don’t know. But I really should get going.” I looked at my watch;
we’d been talking for almost an hour. “My parents are probably wondering where
I am.” We both stood and went to the door. As we stepped outside, Dex turned
to me. “Thank you, Kayla. This night meant a lot to me.”

I gave him a little smile before he kissed me. Then Dex left, and I watched
his car disappear into the autumn night.

