### Dex and Kayla Chap. 4 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Dex’s POV

I couldn’t fall asleep after I got back from Kayla’s. I wasn’t thinking about
my parents, like you may be thinking. Instead, my attention was focused on
Kayla, the way her lips felt on mine, the way her silky dark hair felt when I
ran my fingers through it, the way she was pressed against me outside her
doorstep. I saw her pretty face every time I closed my eyes; her long dark
hair, gorgeous big hazel eyes, high cheekbones, full pink lips, that
enchanting smile. Well, now I knew what I really felt for Kayla. After today,
I felt like I was floating on a cloud, like her kiss was a drug, a drug I
could never get enough of, become addicted to.

I loved Kayla.

I heard a knock on my door and groaned. “What?” I said sharply.

“Someone is here to see you,” Dad’s voice stated gruffly behind the door. I
got up and swung it open. Dad looked tired and annoyed. “God knows why the
hell she’s here at one-thirty in the morning. She’s downstairs waiting for
you.”

I frowned and walked downstairs. My heart stopped when I saw Kayla standing
there, her face tear-streaked and her eyes red from crying. I immediately
rushed to her side and wrapped my arms around her. She fell against me and
leaned her weight into me. I didn’t hear any sobs but I felt my shirt getting
wet. I stroked her hair and kissed the top of her head, not saying anything.
She needed space right now, and talking wouldn’t help her.

We sat down and I held her as she cried silent tears. It was painful,
watching, seeing her like this. I would do anything to get her to stop crying,
even if it meant taking her away with me and never seeing civilization again.
I was not exaggerating.I felt her shoulders start to relax and her tears
stopped falling. “Kayla, what happened?” I asked quietly. I didn’t want to
push her, but I really wanted to murder whoever hurt her.

“They’re getting a divorce, and they both had affairs. And they’re both
getting remarried, and they never told me anything. And now I just heard
they’re fighting for custody and I don’t even get a say in it but they
shouldn’t care about who gets custody because they never see me anyway; they
don’t care about me, they never loved me, I was just a burden to them. No one
loves me, no one cares, no one even gives a shit about me,” Kayla said harshly
in one breath. I shook my head and took her hand, about to tell her I loved
her, when I saw her wrist. It was slashed with a blade, and the scar still
remained. I looked up at her, my eyes wide. Kayla just shrugged. “You don’t
know what I’ve gone through,” she said quietly.

I slowly raised her sleeve and saw, to my horror, more marks. “How long have
you been cutting yourself?” I asked, my voice cracking at the end. To know she
had been in so much pain that she created physical pain to take the other hurt
away made anger boil up inside. Kayla sighed.

“I don’t remember,” she replied softly. “Maybe four years. I was twelve when I
started.” My heart lurched and skipped beats. I put took her other hand and
covered both of hers with my own. Kayla stared at our hands like it was a
burning fire.

“You’re wrong,” I told her.

Kayla’s eyes snapped up. “What?”

“You’re wrong,” I repeated.

“About what?”

“That no ones loves you.” I forced myself to meet her eyes.

“Oh, you’re just saying that to make me feel better.” Kayla slid her hands out
from between mine. “You don’t understand.”

“Kayla.” I forced her to look at me, raising her chin. “I do understand. I
understand you completely. I know what it’s like to feel alone, like no one
cares about you, like you’ll always be on your own.” Kayla lowered her eyes.
“Kayla, look at me.” She obeyed silently and reluctance lurked in the shadows
of her irises. “You’re not alone in this. People care about you. You have your
friends. You have _me._” I willed her to understand that I was being serious.

Kayla moved to get up, but I grabbed her wrist and pulled her back down. “I’m
sorry for bothering you at this time, Dex.” The words hit me like a slap.

“Kayla...”

“I should go,” Kayla stated flatly. Her voice held no emotion, and the dancing
flames that were usually in her eyes were gone.

“Kayla, stop.” I stood up and held her to me, my hands on her waist. I leaned
down until our foreheads touched. Kayla didn’t meet my eyes. “Kayla, please. I
hate that you’re feeling pain right now. I’d do anything to stop it; I really
would. I understand your feelings. I know what it’s like. I held a kitchen
knife to my throat when I was sixteen because I couldn’t take it anymore. Mom
was never around and Dad was gone, long gone. I almost killed myself that
night.”

“What stopped you?” Kayla whispered.

“The thought of seeing you again. Kayla, I don’t know how else to say it, but
I love you.”

* * *

Kayla’s POV

My breathing stopped when Dex said ‘I love you,’ and my eyes flickered up
towards him. I could see he was being sincere and serious. “You shouldn’t,” I
murmured. My face shut down because he didn’t know the whole story. I didn’t
tell him everything. He didn’t know that my father hated Mother so much that
he almost killed her with his car on purpose. That she was in the hospital on
life support, barely breathing, clinging unconsciously to her delicate life.
That Father only regretted getting caught. That Mother’s boyfriend almost beat
Father to death in front of my eyes at home. That Father’s girlfriend was
astonished and left Father unhappy, and now Father was getting drunk at home.

_Ally. _The name came to me in a flash. _Shit._ I left Ally at home!
Father...when Father was drunk, he was capable of many things, many horrible,
terrible things. I clutched Dex’s arm, the natural sport muscles tensing
beneath my fingertips. “Dex,” I gasped.

He looked at me, alarmed. “Kayla?”

“Ally! I left her at home! We have to go right now! You said your father was
in the army? Go get him. Father’s at home and oh god what have I done? Ally’s
alone with him and he’s drunk and—and—”

I burst into fresh tears as Dex nodded sharply, calling out his father’s name.
I saw Mr. Prater at the top of the stairs. After a brief, two-sentence
explanation, the three of us left for my house. Mr. Prater drove faster than
I’d ever seen anyone drive before. As we pulled into the driveway, I heard an
ear-piercing scream. _Ally._ I rushed up the stairs and threw the door open.
Ally was crying on the floor, her forehead bleeding, and glass littered the
Indonesian carpet. Father was sprawled on the blood-stained couch, a bottle of
French wine clutched in his hand. He didn’t even notice me come in; he just
took a swig of the wine. Judging by how high he held it, it was already half
empty.

Mr. Prater took a gun from his pocket and pointed it at Father. Then he
whispered something to Dex, whose hand I was tightly holding on to, never
wanting to let go. Dex nodded and took out his cellphone. I saw him dial three
numbers and was immediately reminded of the last time I called 911. Mother had
just gotten home from a long Victoria’s Secret photoshoot last year. She was
tired and went to sleep immediately. As soon as she went upstairs and shut her
bedroom door, I had heard a loud thud and a scream. I’d run for the phone and
called 911. The robber was arrested for trying to steal Mother’s salt-water
pearl and diamond necklace. Then I remembered how distressed I was after that
and I’d resorted to cutting myself to take away the feelings, to block out the
emotions so I could focus on the physical pain.

I snapped out of my memories and rushed to kneel at Ally’s side. She wasn’t
exactly young, and I knew it’d take a long time for her to heal. She was
basically my mother, the one who raised me, the one I looked up to as my idol.
I ripped off my shirt, not caring that the only thing I was wearing underneath
was a cami, and pressed it to Ally’s wound, trying to stop the bleeding. I
checked for a pulse to make sure she was still alive. When I found no pulse, I
felt my world shatter apart.

All the anger that had been sitting, waiting, building up, inside me for the
past eight years exploded out. I couldn’t take it anymore. I jumped up and ran
for my father. His face registered shock too many seconds late. I was already
on top of him, hitting him continuously, putting all my rage into my blows.
Father taught me the right way to punch when I was six. He said I should know
how to protect myself from someone who could harm me. Back then I didn’t know
that the one who’d be hurting me was him.

I was pulled back by someone, someone with strong arms. I immediately knew
that it was Dex. I didn’t resist, knowing that if I kept going he’d be dead
from blood loss and intoxication. I saw how much blood covered my father’s
face; it was disgustingly smeared across his cheeks, his nose was flowing like
a waterfall, and his lip was bruised badly. I didn’t even know I was capable
of physically hurting anyone. I didn’t want to see him. I wanted Ally. I
wanted Ally to hold me and tell me it was alright. But Ally was gone and she
was never coming back. Ally was dead. The only person I truly had left was
Dex.

He slowly turned me around and wrapped his sturdy arms around me, keeping me
from falling. I would’ve collapsed if he wasn’t there holding me. Everything
came crashing down on me, like a thousand tsunamis and a thousand gunshots
combined. The hatred of my father; the anger with both my parents; the loss of
Ally, the one who really raised me; the loneliness I had been feeling all my
life; the mixed feelings about Dex; the memories of my self-induced pain. The
reality of it all was too much for me. The last thing I remembered was Dex
saying my name over and over, kissing my lips, stroking my hair, holding me
with his strong arms, saying ‘I love you, Kayla.’

