### Dex and Kayla Chap. 5 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Dex’s POV

Kayla collapsed in my arms, her breathing becoming more even as the seconds
passed. Her eyes were shut, and if you hadn’t been here for the past few
minutes, you would’ve thought she was sleeping peacefully. I carried her in my
arms to my car just as the ambulance and police cars parked in front of the
house. They took Mr. Kris to the hospital and Ally was carried out by my
father. I had a new respect for him, for coming here with us and making sure
we were safe. But that didn’t change the past ten years. Nothing could erase
that; the only person who could take the pain away and truly make me happy was
Kayla.

I knew that her mother would without a doubt attain full custody of Kayla,
meaning they could move anywhere Mrs. Kris wanted. I didn’t want to leave her.
I didn’t want to never see her again. I wanted her by my side, laughing,
smiling; I would to anything to make sure she stayed here. But, I realized,
there were memories here, memories she wouldn’t want to be reminded of. I was
so glad when we moved from Pennsylvania; I could push all the lonely days
behind me and start anew. But I didn’t know if Kayla could do that.

We stayed at the hospital until news of her father came. “I’m sorry,” said a
petite blonde ER nurse, “but Brian Kris has passed. His intoxication level was
extremely high, and the blows to his head were already too severe. We couldn’t
save him.” She looked at Kayla with sad eyes. “He will be remembered greatly
by millions.”

Kayla stirred and opened her eyes, brilliant and brown, like I always thought
they were. “Dex? Where are we?”

“We’re at a hospital,” I replied gently. I didn’t want to be the one to break
the news but the nurse was already gone.

“My father? Ally? She needs a proper burial,” Kayla whispered.

“I know. And your father...they couldn’t save him.” Kayla didn’t respond for a
moment. “I’m so sorry, Kayla.”

“No,” she said fiercely. “Don’t be sorry. I’m not.” Kayla stood, her hands
clenched in fists. “I want to see Ally.”

“She’s being examined at a lab,” I told her. Kayla shook her head.

“I still want to see her.”

Dad was silent in the chair across from us, studying his hands. The police had
let him keep his gun for safety purposes, but he wasn’t holding it now. I saw
him leave it in the car. His eyes were half shut as he studied the tile floor.
We weren’t the only ones in the waiting room; there was an elderly woman,
probably about how old my grandma would be now if she’d lived. Grandma died a
few years ago; she was my father’s mother and he didn’t even go to her
funeral. Of course, I assumed he knew his mother had passed away, but I didn’t
know how much he and my mother talked over the past ten years. I didn’t know
anything.

“Kayla, I don’t think it’s a good idea,” I said. Kayla looked at me with
defiance in her eyes. I shook my head vehemently. “You have to think this
through. If you go now, they probably won’t let you see her. Then they’ll
question you even more and you might be trialled for assault.” Kayla dropped
her eyes. The only way to get her to listen now was to be firm. I knew she was
fragile and at the point of breakage, but I didn’t want her to get hurt even
more than she already was.

“I just want to see her,” whispered Kayla, her voice breaking at the end. “I
just want to see her.” She sounded like a small, lost child looking for her
parents.

“I know,” I said softly, “I know.” I gently tugged her arm so she could sit
down next to me. Draping my arm over her shoulders and pulling her to me, I
glanced up at the woman sitting silently across the room. She caught my eye
and gave me a sad smile. The same nurse from before, the short blonde, came in
and said something to her. I saw a look of sadness flash across her face
before it was replaced with acceptance. She said something to the nurse before
standing up and walking towards the door. Before she reached it, though, she
stopped beside me and leaned down.

“It’s good that she has someone like you. Don’t let her go; I can tell you
love her. What she needs now is for you to be there. Don’t ever leave her
side,” murmured the woman, just quietly enough for me to hear and not anyone
else. Then she left the hospital and I saw a car drive out of the parking lot.
I turned my attention to Kayla, my mind focused on the words she had said.
_Don’t ever leave her side. _I knew that I’d be there for her; Kayla needed me
as much as I needed her. My life was empty without her.

* * *

Kayla’s POV

“Dex?” He looked down at me, his chocolate eyes glittering with love and
sympathy. “I think I love you,” I said, so quietly he didn’t hear at first.

“Did you say something?”

I took deep breath, expecting the words to come as easily as they had just
moments before, but they didn’t. I couldn’t force them out of my mouth, so
instead, I resolved to shoving them down my throat and saving them for later.
“What time is it?”

The corners of his mouth tugged up a little. “Three in the morning.”

“When can we leave?” I wanted to get out of this place. I didn’t want to see
either of my parents ever again. Especially not my father. I knew that
his...being deceased...automatically made Mother my permanent guardian, which
meant I’d have to move wherever she wanted to go. I knew that she hated New
York; she only agreed to move here because of Father. But I didn’t want to
leave New York. I liked it here. I had Dex now, and I wasn’t going to lose him
after I just got him. I’d fight her if I had to. I would unmake her my legal
guardian or run away to live with Dex. If Dex didn’t want me living with him,
I’d run away somewhere else, where no one would find me.

1 week later

“Your father left all his money to you, Kayla. I was surprised when he
insisted that you have it, not your mother, but I suspect it had something to
do with the affairs,” said Ms. Henroy, my father’s attorney. “The money will
be transferred to your bank account tomorrow, if you want it.”

I didn’t really want my father’s money, but I knew it would help with a lot of
things, like college tuition, a house, put me on my feet. “I’ll take it,” I
said reluctantly. Ms. Henroy nodded.

“Now for another matter. I know you have been living with the Praters for this
past week. Your mother said she would leave the hospital tomorrow. As you
know, she regained consciousness yesterday. She’ll be here to discuss the
custody matter by tomorrow afternoon. As of right now, she is your legal
guardian but the court may see reason, as you seem to dislike your mother.”
Ms. Henroy looked at me as if I were an ungrateful child who cried because she
didn’t get what she wanted for Christmas. “I can understand that, as both of
your parents were hard people to work with.” Her eyes drifted off as if
remembering a memory, the glazed look painted perfectly on her face. “They
were arguing; they wanted separate wills. I explained to them that married
couples usually created one will, but they wouldn’t listen.” She turned her
attention back to me. “As Brian Kris’s daughter, I will legally become your
official attorney. I will make sure that you do not have to live with your
mother. I can tell you despise her. But you have no other relatives; who will
you live with?”

I thought for a moment. “Maybe Mr. and Mrs. Prater, my boy—my friend’s
parents. But if they don’t want me, then I’ll find someone by tomorrow.” I
made sure my voice was confident and sure, even though I felt the exact
opposite. The Praters didn’t know me; only Dex did. Would they take me? I
didn’t know.

As if on cue, Dex and his parents knocked on the window of the door. I looked
at Ms. Henroy, who nodded, before motioning for them to come in. “Hey,” Dex
murmured, sitting down next to me. “How goes it?”

“We’re discussing my guardianship problems,” I replied. “Ms. Henroy will try
to get the jury to see that my mother is not capable of parenthood.”

Ms. Henroy looked pale, her eyes wide and glued to something behind me. I
turned around and opened and closed my mouth.

“What did you say about me, Kayla Cheyenne Kris?” Valeri Vera Kris stood tall
at five ten with heels, her dark hair in waves that draped around her
shoulders. Her glittering gray eyes were angry and I could tell that her hands
were itching to clench into fists. She was composed, my mother, and always had
been extremely controlled. Even when she was angry as fuck, she was still able
to paste on a genuine-looking smile for a photoshoot or the paparazzi.

This time, though, I did not cower in front of her, like I had every time in
the past. My father was gone and she was no longer my family. She never was, I
realized with an ounce of regret in my veins. “I said, ‘My mother is not
capable of parenthood,” I repeated, my chin raised as I stared into the
darkness of Valeri Vera Kris’s eyes. She narrowed her eyes at me as a muscle
in her cheek twitched. I’d seen her angry enough times to know that meant she
would rage at me later. Now she was holding herself back because we weren’t
the only ones in the room. “And I meant it.”

My mother looked at me steadily, a gaze I knew many were afraid of. “There
will be no discussion of custody. You are my daughter and—”

“No!” I interrupted fiercely. My sudden anger surprised even her, and she
stopped talking. “I am not your daughter. I may have your genes and your DNA,
but that does not make you my family. I am not like you. When I become a
mother, I will make sure that I am there for my children. I will raise them to
be good, strong, independent adults. You taught me nothing. You were never
around to care. You were never there to celebrate my birthday, my graduations,
or any award I’ve ever gotten. You know who was there? Ally. Ally was there,
but now she’s dead. And it’s _your_ fault because you had an affair. I know
Father had one also but you’re the one who’s been unfaithful even before you
got married. There’s a good chance I’m not even related to him!” I was
shouting now, my blood boiling with the anger I’d felt for as long as I could
remember. “But I am still his daughter. And do you know why? Because I saw him
more often in six months than I saw you in a year. He’s the one who taught me
to hit, to be strong, to carry my own weight. _He _taught me how horrible
people could be, about men and how to be careful. Ally taught me everything
else, but you? You taught me nothing. You had photoshoots, which I understand,
but you were rarely home. The only times I saw you were when you had no where
else to go. You were always on vacation or partying or with a lover. _You
never cared.”_ I looked at Ms. Henroy, who was gazing at me with a sort of
pride and...joy, even. “Are we done here?”

Ms. Henroy nodded and I left, slamming the door behind me. It felt good to let
her know how I felt. She was oblivious to the fact that I was always alone,
always an outsider. That I needed a mother’s love. That I wanted someone to
help me pick out my wedding dress or help me with a baby or visit with my
kids. But that would never happen. Ally was gone, my father was dead, and my
mother expected me to go with her willingly. I would never go with her
anywhere. She would not be my guardian any longer. I wouldn’t stand for it. I
didn’t care if the jury disagreed. I would show them the evidence. My cuts, my
scars, the white lines that decorated my arms. I would show them that I
suffered. I would make them see how much I hated her.

