### Dex and Kayla Chap. 6 THE END! by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Dex’s POV

I got up to go after Kayla but Ms. Henroy shook her head. I immediately turned
on Mrs. Kris, who raised an eyebrow at me. “What are you staring at me for?”
she asked in an annoyed voice.

“What am I staring at you for?” I repeated incredulously. “I’m staring at you
because you’re a selfish, poisonous _bitch.” _Mrs. Kris narrowed her eyes at
me and a muscle in her face twitched, probably signaling she was mad. I didn’t
give a fuck about how she felt; she hurt Kayla. “You don’t care about your
daughter at all.”

“Dexter...” Mom said in a warning tone.

“No, Mrs. Prater, it’s fine. I’d love to hear what your son has to say,”
remarked Mrs. Kris coldly. Her dark eyes were like haunting shadows, unlike
Kayla’s, which were warm and comforting. “Continue, Dexter Prater.”

I knew that this was what Mrs. Kris wanted, so I didn’t say anything. I’d say
one more thing, one thing I just had to tell her, before I went after Kayla.
“The only reason I’m not going to say what I want to say is because I respect
myself, Kayla, and everyone else here. But if you really care about Kayla,
like you pretend to, then you’d let her be happy. And she’s happy _without_
you.” I turned on my heel and left the room, my eyes rapidly scanning the room
for Kayla. I rushed outside and spotted a familiar sliver of dark hair behind
a corner. I slowly walked over to her, trying not to scare her. As I got
closer, I could hear sobs, soft, quiet, heartbreaking sobs. I knelt down in
front of her and took her hand. She froze but relaxed when she saw it was me.
“Hey.”

“Hey,” she managed to murmur in between breaths. I opened my arms and Kayla
crawled into them, burying her face in my neck and breathing in. I held her as
her tears fell. It felt like this had happened many times before, which it
had, but I knew that Kayla was a strong and independent young woman. All of
this was just too much for her. Neither of us had gone to school this past
week; the school understood and didn’t ask any questions. “My life is shit.”

“Kayla...”

“No, really it is. But thank you for staying with me. If I were you, I’d hate
me.”

“Kayla, I don’t hate you.”

“I’m still confused as to why you love me.”

“Because you’re the strongest, most beautiful, most amazing girl I know.”

Kayla shook her head. “I should go back inside but I don’t want to see my
mother again.”

“You don’t have to.” I leaned back to look into Kayla’s eyes; I liked them a
lot more than her mother’s. “Not if you don’t want to.”

“I’ll go. I should go; this is about me. I’m fighting for who attains my
custody.” Kayla stood and I did as well. We walked back to the room together,
hands linked and fingers intertwined. “When does the trial start?” Kayla asked
her attorney, whose name I thought was Ms. Henry, or something like that.

“In three days,” she replied. Kayla nodded.

“Then we’ll find someone to take care of me by then. We’ll win the case.”

I looked over at Kayla’s mother, who seemed to be...reluctant? Guilty? I
didn’t know, but whatever it was, I knew that look rarely appeared on her
face.

“Kayla Cheyenne Kris...” Kayla spun around to face Mrs. Kris. I assumed she
was the only one who called Kayla by her full name. “I think I’m going to drop
the custody case.” I saw anger flash in Kayla’s eyes and immediately wrapped a
protective arm around her waist. “I can see that you’re happier where you are,
and I’ll speak with Clayton about it. He’ll give a statement to the judge and
you can decide who you want to live with. I’ll send the papers to you to sign,
and Priscilla, you’ll sign them as well. I’ll make sure this is resolved by
Monday, when the trial starts.” Mrs. Kris turned and left. If you didn’t know
it, you’d have never thought she was on life support just yesterday. Kayla
opened her mouth and closed it several times before shutting her eyes.

“Did that just happen?” she asked out loud. Ms. Henroy nodded.

“It seems like Dexter here talked some sense into her.” Kayla frowned and
turned to me.

Dad patted my back; I completely forgot they were here. Mom smiled at me.
“She’s more than welcome to live with us,” she said. Kayla’s eyes lit up.

“Really?”

Dad nodded. “We’ve talked about it and you’re already family.” Kayla jumped up
and hugged me, then both my parents

“Thank you; I don’t know what to say.”

“You’ll become her legal guardians, although she won’t be your legal
daughter.” Ms. Henroy shot me a glance. “So if you two ever decide to get
married, it won’t be a problem.” Both Kayla and I flushed. I still had to ask
her to be my girlfriend.

* * *

Kayla’s POV

I’d been living with the Praters for a year and a half now; Dex had started
his first semester of college six months ago. We’d gone to his prom together,
and all my friends were still shocked that I was dating a senior. I was sad
that I didn’t get to see Dex in school, but I did see him at home. Dex applied
to a local college, one that was only ten minutes away, so he lived at home.
All my friends thought it was weird that I was living with my boyfriend, that
his parents were my legal guardians, but I didn’t mind. I loved him and that
was it. I still hadn’t told him, but I planned to sometime soon. We were going
on a date tonight and he was taking me to dinner. I was going to tell him
today. I could just imagine his reaction, but I wasn’t 100% sure. Today was
also my birthday, and all my friends gave me presents and cards. Shaylee was
going to take me on a shopping spree tomorrow as my present, even though I
told her I really didn’t need it. Tristan and John wouldn’t let me in the
garage for some reason, and Dex didn’t tell me anything about it either. I had
to walk to school because I couldn’t drive the family car; I got my driver’s
license a few months ago and absolutely loved driving. I visited my father’s
grave sometimes, which was about an hour from here; he was buried in his
hometown, with a big memorial and everything.

I saw my mother a couple times; we made a truce and now there was a kind of
peace between us. Sometimes she visited me at the Praters’ house, but other
than that, I didn’t see her. As I looked in the mirror studying myself, I
could see the resemblance between us. We had the same brown eyes, thick dark
hair, mid-tall height, and slender fingers. I wore dark jeans and a navy top,
which I had planned to wear on Dex's and my first date, but Dina said no, so I
was wearing it now. I didn’t bother to put on makeup; there was no reason to.
Dex didn’t care about makeup or fancy clothing or stuff like that. He liked me
for me, and thats’s why I loved him.

I heard the garage door open downstairs and knew that it was Dex. I took one
last look, fixed few things, and went downstairs to meet him. He was standing
there in jeans and an untucked gray button-down, which looked way too sexy on
him. “Hey,” he said, smiling with a rose in his hand. I leaned up on my
tiptoes to kiss him on the cheek and took the rose.

“It’s beautiful, Dex.”

“Not even a hello back?” Dex gave me a smirk that made me warm and fuzzy
inside.

“Well hello then,” I said, rolling my eyes. Dex chuckled and pulled me into a
hug before we went to his car. “Where are we going?”

“Somewhere.”

I glared at him. “Yeah, no shit Sherlock. But really, why won’t you tell me?”

“Because’ it’s a surprise.”

“Dex...”

“Kayla...”

“Dex...” I gave him a look that said ‘tell me now or you’ll be sorry.’ Dex
shook his head, a smile playing on his lips.

“I won’t tell you. You’ll find out when we get there. It’s only another five
minutes.”

“Five minutes is a long time,” I stated and elbowed him in the ribs.

“So I was thinking later tonight...”

“Yes?”

“Maybe we could have some fun.” I frowned and scrunched up my nose.

“What is that supposed to mean?”

“Well, since you’ve got your driver’s license, we can go places now. And you
can drive.”

I eyed him suspiciously. He was hiding something. “You’re not telling me
something.” Dex raised his eyebrows.

“What makes you say that?”

“Well it’s obvious!”

“We’re here.”

I saw a huge building in front of the car. _RITZ _was written across in lit up
letters on the top of the door. This was the Ritz hotel? “Dex...” I said
quietly.

“Come on, let’s go.” We got out of the car and went inside. Dex had reserved a
table for us and we had an amazing dinner. Honestly, it may have been the best
night of my life. I was going to tell him when we go back home. But we didn’t
go straight home. As I was walking towards the door to leave the lobby, Dex
stopped me. “This way.” I frowned as he guided me to a set of double doors. I
opened the doors and was immediately greeted by a loud ‘SURPRISE!” I blinked.
Everyone was there: Tristan and John, the twins: Shaylee and Kaylee, all my
friends, all Dex’s friends, Zac, Dina, even Mother. I grinned and went to give
everyone a hug. I saved Dex for last, making him wait the longest. He picked
me up by my waist and spun around, my arms around his neck and our foreheads
touching. “Happy birthday, Kayla.”

When Dex set me down, I kissed him briefly, making sure it was short. Mother
gave me a small envelope and stood quietly as I opened it. Dex came up behind
me, wrapping his arms around my waist and pressing his chest to my back. I
leaned against him, staring at my mother’s gift.

_Kayla Cheyenne Kris,_

_I would congratulate you for turning seventeen, but I believe I’ve found a
better way to say happy birthday to you. To make up for a little part of those
lost years, I’ve decided to tell you a little about you and me. You are my
daughter, my blood and DNA, and I know you’ve been suspecting that you are not
related to your father. You are, I assure you, as I took you to be tested when
you were just a baby. We used to be a happy family, a close one, but
everything changed after you turned three. Your father started producing his
biggest movie yet, and he had to go to the Bahamas to film. We were home
alone, you and I, and I first hired Ally then because I had something to take
care of. I’d been waiting until I was alone to do so, without your father
around. I had to visit someone and tell them the truth. His name was John
Prater._

_We were together, at one point, but we decided to break it off after high
school ended. He wanted to join the army; I wanted to become a model and Miss
Universe. We parted separate ways, but I never forgot when I told him I
thought we should break up. I remember the look on his face, how his shoulders
tensed and when he left without another word. I felt like I owed him an
explanation, as I never told him why I no longer wanted to be with him. So I
went to his house when Brian was in the Bahamas and realized that he was with
his wife, Tristan, and had a son, Dexter. I explained everything to them both
and I believe we became fast friends. Brian found out five months later that
I’d gone to talk to him, and as soon as he knew I dated John in high school,
he was furious. He accused me of having an affair, and he went to John’s house
after. I warned them that this might happen, so they had already moved to
Pennsylvania. He never found them. I was unable to contact the Praters until
the day they moved back to New York. I talked with John and Tristan and Brian
found out, which led to events you know already. I knew Brian and I were
already broken the day I first saw Dexter and Tristan._

_I know this may seem strange to you, that I used to date Dexter’s father, but
it doesn’t matter. But back to your birthday, I think you’ll like what I got
you. Sometimes, I wonder why I didn’t come home as often as I could, but now I
know that I was afraid of Brian, afraid he was home with you and Ally. I knew
he wouldn’t hurt Ally with you around, and vice versa, so I never came home
unless I had to. The day I did come home was the day we were robbed, and I
know you remember that day as well. But you have grown strong and independent,
and for that I am proud of you. I am proud that you are my daughter and that I
can say I am your mother, even though I had no part in raising you. So happy
seventeenth birthday, Kayla Cheyenne._

_\- Mother_

Valeri Vera Kris

I looked up to see that my mother was smiling at me. I gave her a tight hug
and didn’t let go for a long time. When I pulled back, Mother took my hand and
led me to a smaller room that branched off of the big room where everyone was
partying.

A car. Mother had bought me my own car, a dark red Astin Martin. I turned
around and Dex grinned. “You knew about this?” I asked him.

Dex nodded. “Of course. You’re the only one who _didn’t_ know.” I hugged other
again before sliding into the driver’s seat. Mother gave me the keys and I
leaned my head back. The seats were black leather; it was like sitting on a
cloud. I knew at that moment that I was truly happy, that I could die
perfectly satisfied with my life.

Dex slid into the passenger’s seat and grinned at me. The doors were closed
and Mother had left the room. Now was the time to tell him. “I love you, Dex.”
Dex froze for a moment before reaching over and kissing me.

“I love you too, Kayla.”

My head felt clear and my shoulders felt like an impossible weight was lifted
off of them. Right now was the moment. The past shaped me but it wasn’t who I
was. I was me.

I was Kayla.

