### Damaris and Elliot by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** just thought of this... 

* * *

Elliot’s POV

“We need to find a way to raise the—” I was interrupted by a cellphone. I
narrowed my eyes at where the sound was coming from; I told everyone to
silence their damn phones before the meeting started. Mrs. Damaris Stone
turned red and took her iPhone out from her purse. She didn’t look at it
before silencing it and placing it on the table.

“I’m so sorry, Mr. Garner, I must’ve pressed the wrong button when I tried to
silence it at the beginning—” Her phone started vibrating violently and she
stared at the screen. Her hand flew to her mouth. “I have to take this, I’m
really sorry.” Damaris bolted out of her chair and ran out of the room,
leaving a breeze in her wake.

* * *

Damaris’s POV

“Hello?” I shook as I answered the phone, standing outside the door to the
conference room, where Elliot Garner was probably mad as hell at me. But there
was no way I could avoid this call.

“Is this Damaris Stone, Vic Stone’s wife?”

“Y-yes,” I stammered. I jumped when the conference doors opened and everyone
filed out, not even looking at me. I moved to the side and waited for the
caller to elaborate. Elliot Garner came to stand beside me, waiting patiently
for me to finish so he could leave.

“I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but your husband has been in a train
accident. The Metro North crashed on the way to the city and there were no
survivors.”

I felt my knees buckle beneath me. I knew that denial wouldn’t help; the
hospital itself had called me personally to tell me. I almost collapsed when
someone’s arms encircled my waist and held me up.

“Th-hank you for telling me,” I whispered and hung up the phone. I clutched
the phone so hard that my fingers turned white. Tears threatened to fall but I
held them back. The arms let go of me and I saw someone’s shoes just a few
feet in front of my gray heels.

“Mrs. Stone, are you alright?” The voice of Elliot Garner was deep and
comforting, but it couldn’t bring Vic back. And oh god, the kids...what was I
supposed to tell Dylan and Haidin? That their father died at the age of thirty
and their twenty-nine year-old mother was grieving and trying not to cry
because her best shot at making the deal with the Garner department store
could go down the drain at any second? Because she ruined the meeting and
everyone had to leave early because of her and no one got anything done?

I slowly nodded, not able to speak. “I’m fine.”

“You don’t look fine. Do you need me to get you a cab so you can go home?”

“No,” I said immediately. “I don’t want them seeing me like this.”

“Who?” Elliot asked quietly.

“My children; they’re only five. Dylan and Haidin.” I could just imagine
Haidin asking me to play dolls when I got home and her sad eyes when I’d say
no. Dylan would ask me to make pizza and I would try, but I’d make it salty
with my tears and beat the shit out of the dough with my fist.

“Would you like to stay here for a bit?”

I looked at him. Elliot Garner had blue eyes tinted with green, dark—almost
black—hair, and an angular face. He was tall, as tall as Vic, and had a well-
built body. Yet the thing that captured me, that broke the wall between the
tears and my face, was the softness, the understanding in his eyes. “Yes, I
would, if you—” I broke off, not able to continue. A tear trickled down my
face, leaving an icy track. Vic wouldn’t get to celebrate Christmas with us,
bake cookies and decorate them with the kids, take us on family drives...Once
the first tear fell, the rest came, and I wasn’t able to stop them. Elliot
silently led me into the conference room where my purse still sat in my chair.
I slowly picked up my wallet and took out a picture. Vic, me, and the kids
were all smiling in front of our garden, Haidin holding a carrot and Dylan
holding a pepper. Vic had his arm around me and I was leaning against him. “My
husband died in a train accident,” I said suddenly. Elliot turned to me as my
tears stopped and my face shut down. I didn’t feel anything, not even sadness.
I was numb; my whole body was numb and I couldn’t stop the coldness from
spreading.

“I’m sorry to hear that,” Elliot said. “I’m sure he was a great man.” The
photo trembled in my hands and I dropped it on the table before I crushed it.
Elliot reached over and took it, studying the image. “Your children are
beautiful.”

“Thank you,” I murmured. I was trying to figure out a way to tell them.

“You don’t have to be the one to tell them.” Elliot handed the picture back to
me. “I can tell them. When Elaine died, I had to explain it to Oliver.”

“Elaine was your wife?”

Elliot nodded. “Oliver is my son. He’s seven. He was almost five when Ellie
passed.”

“You don’t have to be the one to tell them. I should; it’s my responsibility.”

“You think you can?” I raised my eyebrows. “You need time to grieve yourself,
Mrs. Stone.” I flinched. _Mrs._ But my husband was gone, I thought, as I
stared at my wedding ring.

“Damaris,” I blurted. “Just Damaris, please.”

Elliot smiled a little. “Well, Damaris, you shouldn’t have to be the one to
give them the news. You’re grieving as well, and seeing their faces wouldn’t
help you.”

I sighed. “Would you like to come to my house for dinner? You can meet Haidin
and Dylan, and it would really help it you told them the truth. I’m not good
at explaining things.”

Elliot nodded. “Of course, Mrs.—Damaris.” We stood up and parted ways to get
to our cars. I gave him the address and drove to my house, where Clare would
be waiting. Clare was the babysitter, and took very good care of the kids.
They loved her, and Clare would be crushed to hear about Vic. As I drove, my
vision blurred from my tears. I hit the steering wheel over and over, my hands
bloody from it. I didn’t care. This car reminded me of Vic; we took it on our
honeymoon. I would get a new car. I might as well get a new house. No. The
kids would grow up there. I couldn’t do that; they loved our home. Clare loved
it. Everyone loved it.

I pulled into the driveway and saw Clare playing with the kids in the
backyard. Before leaving he car, I cleaned my hands with a wipe and tried
clearing any traces of tears. I made my way down the path and smiled the best
I could. “Haidin! Dylan!” They looked up and brightened when they saw me.

“Mommy!” They rushed to me and I scooped them up in my arms, clinging tightly
to them. I heard a car pull up and set them down, turning to see Elliot
stepping out of his car. “Mommy, who’s that?” asked Haidin.

“That’s Mommy’s friend, Mr. Garner,” I answered. “He’s going to have dinner
with us.” Clare’s eyes widened. I mouthed, _I’ll explain in a minute. _Clare
nodded. “Go say hi.” Dylan and Haidin ran over to Elliot, who knelt down and
gave each of them a high-five. It reminded me too much of Vic, who does—did
that all the time. Tears threatened to fall but I forced them back for the
sake of my children. I turned to Clare. “Vic died in a train accident today.
Elliot said I shouldn’t be the one to tell them so here he is.” Clare’s hand
flew to her mouth.

“Oh my god.” Her gaze averted to Dylan and Haidin and Elliot. Elliot was
saying something and Haidin was laughing, her bubbly giggle making Elliot
smile. “I hope the kids will be okay...they need a father as much as they need
you.” I nodded sadly. My children were my first priority. I knew that in a few
years, they wouldn’t remember their father. Dylan and Haidin were only five,
and they would forget because of how young they were when they first lost
their father. “Were there any survivors?”

I shook my head. “The hospital told me there were none.” Clare’s eyes dropped
to the ground.

“My cousin was supposed to go into the city this afternoon...what if he was on
the train?” Her lip trembled; Clare was only 17. She had college next year and
had the summer off. “What if...what if...”

“Would you like to stay for dinner?” Clare nodded. I went inside and took out
the ingredients for lasagna: cheese, pasta, beef, and sauce. I started
layering them in the pan after preheating the oven while Clare and Elliot
entertained the kids. I could see, from the kitchen, Clare playing Barbies
with Haidin and Elliot playing with cars with Dylan. Again, Elliot reminded me
so much of Vic that I had to turn away to keep the tears from falling. I bit
on my lip until I drew blood, and I stopped because I didn’t want anyone
eating my blood. I pursed my lips and focused on the lasagna, making sure I
didn’t put too much cheese or sauce, just the way the kids liked it. I slid
the pan into the oven and got started on the cupcakes. The kids would frost
them later; they loved marble, so I made a batch of chocolate and a batch of
vanilla and swirled the batters together in the cupcake pans. The lasagna
finished baking just as I finished with the cupcakes. I switched the pans and
let the lasagna cool for a few minutes before calling Haidin and Dylan. “Can
you help me set the table?”

Haidin frowned. “But we were playing with Kiki, Mommy.” I knew Kiki was a
blonde Barbie that Haidin had. Haidin also had blond hair, like her father and
brother. They didn’t inherit my platinum hair, which I usually dyed light
brown. “Can I keep playing until dinner’s ready?” I sighed.

“Go ahead,” I said. Haidin smiled and ran back into the living room where
Clare was talking to Elliot. Dylan didn’t want to set the table either, so I
had to do it. As I was reaching up for a glass in the cabinet, someone came up
behind me and took it from the shelf. I turned around to see Elliot with the
glass in his hand, smiling. “Thanks.”

“No problem. Do you need any help?”

“No, I should be fine.”

“That’s what someone always says when they need help.”

I glared at him before taking five plates and setting them in front of the
chairs. Elliot brought a chair from the porch and started folding napkins. The
oven timer went off and I tested the cupcakes before pulling them out of the
oven. I stopped after putting them down; Vic and I did this all the time. He’d
help me with the table because the kids never wanted to. Everything reminded
me of Vic. I probably wouldn’t be able to sleep in my own bed because it would
feel to foreign without Vic beside me.

