### Damaris and Elliot Chap 2. by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-30. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Elliot’s POV

Damaris shut down after she took the cupcakes out of the oven. I saw her
shoulders slump, her chin touch her neck, her hands and slender fingers still,
and her eyes close. I knew how she felt because the exact same thing happened
to me when Ellie passed. I stayed strong for Oliver, knowing that if I cried,
he’d break down. I didn’t think he remembered his mother much, but I knew he
knew she was gone. “Damaris?” I stood beside her and took her hand. “Are you
alright?”

She looked at me with sad, crystal blue eyes. “Dinner,” she whispered. Then
she snapped out of her daze. “Dinner’s ready!” she yelled. I flinched.
“Sorry.” I gave her a half-smile.

Dylan and Haidin came running into the kitchen, their eyes wide and smiles on
their face. “What’s for dinner?” Dylan asked. They were adorable children; I
assumed they were twins, by the look of their age. Five, I remembered Damaris
telling me. They were five. Their hair wasn’t light brown like their mother’s;
it was blond, so I guessed that was from their father. Dylan’s eyes were the
color of sand, whereas Haidin’s were almost a black color. Damaris’s eyes
weren’t like either; they were light blue. I thought it was strange that I was
noticing these things, but I couldn’t help it. Dylan’s voice brought me back
to the present. “Mommy, where’s Daddy? Isn’t he coming?”

Damaris froze just before she sat down. I saw her look desperately at me. I
knelt down in front of Haidin and Dylan. “You know how your daddy went on a
train today?” They nodded. “Well, something happened to the train. Can you do
this?” I put my fingers to my neck. “Can you feel something?” The twins nodded
when their small fingers touched their skin. “That’s called a pulse. Your
daddy’s heart stopped beating, so he doesn’t have a pulse anymore. If you ever
get scared, you can feel your pulse.”

“Will he come back?” Haidin asked.

I shook my head. “No, but he’s watching you.”

Haidin’s eyes went wide. “Where?”

I pointed up. “Up there, in Heaven. And I think he’s smiling at you.” The
twins slowly nodded in unison.

“Okay,” said Dylan. I hugged them both before standing up and meeting
Damaris’s eyes. They were on the verge of tears; I could see her biting her
lip to prevent them from raining down. I sat down beside her, across from
Dylan. Haidin sat next to Dylan, and next to Haidin was Clare.

“Thank you,” Damaris whispered. “You did it better than I ever could.”

“Your welcome,” I murmured. I couldn’t get over the feeling of how happy I
felt when Haidin and Dylan were in my arms and I was hugging them. And the
content when Damaris looked at me and said thank you, and the butterflies I
got when she invited me to dinner.

The last time I felt like that was when I first met Ellie.

The rest of the dinner went fairly smoothly. Haidin and Dylan didn’t ask any
more questions about their father. While Clare and I were in the living room
playing with the kids, Clare told me that Damaris’s husband’s name was Vic,
and he was only thirty: two years younger than me. Clare also told me that she
had come upon the Stones when she was in a mall. Haidin had wandered off and
Clare had helped her find Damaris. She was hired on the spot as a babysitter
and absolutely loved the kids. Damaris was twenty-nine, three years younger
than me, just like Ellie was. Oliver was two years older than the twins and
didn’t look like me at all. He got all his features from his mother.

As Clare helped Damaris clear the table, I stayed with the twins in the living
room. I helped them pick a movie because Damaris said Friday nights were movie
nights. They ended up liking the Lego Movie, and I’d seen it with Oliver
before, so I knew it was okay for them to watch. Damaris was slightly
uncertain, but I told her it would be fine. “They’re only five,” she
protested.

“Which means they’ll be fine,” I assured her. Damaris gave me a small smile
that made me get butterflies again but I forced myself to stop. Damaris had
just lost her husband and the last thing she needed was for me to try and
wiggle my way into her life. _No. Stop Elliot, stop it. Give her time._

“Thank you for everything,” she said.

“I should be the one thanking you. Dinner was amazing and your children are
wonderful. I hate to say this, but I really should be going. My son is at home
with his aunt and I don’t want to keep him waiting.”

“Oliver?” I looked at Damaris and nodded.

“Yes.”

“I’d love to meet him sometime. I’m sure Haidin and Dylan would love meet him
also. Would you like to come for dinner again with him?” Damaris looked as
surprised as I was when she asked the question.

“How about you come with the twins to my house? You’ve already made dinner for
me; please, it’s the least I can do.”

Damaris paused before nodding. “Alright.”

“Next Friday?”

“Sure. That works. I guess I’ll see you on Monday to discuss the deal?”
Damaris glanced at Clare and the twins, who were occupied with the movie.

I shook my head. “There’s nothing to discuss.”

Damaris looked shocked before her shoulders visibly slumped a tiny bit. “Well
I’ll have to tell Francesca that.” I knew Francesca Milan was the owner of her
company, and Damaris was Francesca’s employee.

“I meant that I’ve made my mind up already. I dismissed the conference early
because of that, not because of you, like you’re probably thinking right now.
I’m making the deal and sealing it on Monday. You and Francesca will be there.
I told her in the car on the way here.” Damaris looked at me open-mouthed.

“Well...that’s...that’s great.” I could tell she was trying to be enthusiastic
but couldn’t. Well, that was expected of a new widow.

I thanked her for dinner again before leaving to go to my house. I opened the
door and as soon as I did, Oliver came running up to me and gave me a hug.
“Hey, buddy. How’s it going?”

“Hi Dad. Auntie Penny said you’d be here late.”

“Where is she?” Oliver pointed to the kitchen. I found Penny there reading a
book: Green Hollow: Book Two of the Eternal Series by Rita Pass. Penny didn’t
look like Ellie at all even though they were sisters. They were opposites:
Penny was blond and Ellie had been a brunette. Penny was tall and slim;
Ellie’d been petite and curvy. If you looked at the two of them, you wouldn’t
ever guess they were sisters. But Penny was good with Oliver and the closest
person to a mother he had. “Hey Penny.”

She looked up. “Oh, hey Elliot. Did you get my message?” I frowned. “Oliver
got a star from his teacher today for helping a girl pick up her papers.” I
raised my eyebrows and turned around to see Oliver grinning at me.

“It’s true Dad; look!” Oliver took the hem of his t-shirt and showed it to me.
A star sticker sat on the red cloth. “And Isobel smiled at me, too!”

“Does someone like a girl?” I teased. Oliver turned red.

“Maybe...”

“You’re seven.”

“I know but Isobel’s nice.”

I nodded. “I bet she is. But you have to get ready for bed. It’s already
eight-thirty,” I said, glancing at the clock above the fridge. “Say goodbye to
Auntie Penny before you go upstairs.”

“Bye Auntie Penny!” Oliver ran upstairs and I hear the bathroom sink go on. I
sighed.

“I think it’s cute,” Penny remarked. “Oliver liking Isobel.”

“Yeah, but...”

“There’s something on your mind. I can tell. You want to talk about it?” Penny
looked at me evenly. She was a therapist who worked with grieving families.
Ellie had been a therapist too; that was how we met. My older brother was
killed during combat and she was recommended to me by a friend.

“I met someone.”

“Her name?”

“Damaris Stone. I like her, but she...her husband was on the train that
crashed on its way to the city. She has five year-old twins...”

“And you want yourself and Oliver to be a part of their family but you know
you need to wait.” I nodded. “Well, I know that you haven’t really been
interested in anyone since Ellie died, so I’m not going to advise you to stay
away. Just be there for her, become her friend, and let her get to know you.
She just lost her husband. Go easy.” I nodded again. “Well, I should get
going. Be careful, Elliot.” Penny hugged me goodbye before leaving the house.
I sat in the kitchen for a long time before slowly walking upstairs. I checked
on Oliver before I went to my own room. A picture of Ellie, Oliver and me sat
on my nightstand. I took it and studied it, remembering the way Damaris had
held onto the photo of her family in the conference room. I knew what she was
going through; I really did. I decided that I’d become Damaris’s friend even
though I just met her today. I’d make sure she knew she didn’t have to do
everything by herself.

