### Mist of the Morning by hedinsen

**Date Added:** 2014-07-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A Retired Army NCO is sufferinhg from PTSD - and no one is willing to help him. A psyhcologist with only clincal background is will to help when no one else can.. 

* * *

Mist of the Morning

SusanCampbell sat in her kitchen staring out the window of her small New
England bungalow house toward the house next door. No one lived in the house
next door. The house had been empty for nearly a year. She considered, the
house, like most in the neighborhood stood empty now the former owners living
in the city gave the houses up as an inconvenient luxury during the recent
economic crash.

A crisp breeze blew through the open window carrying with it the fresh scent
of the distant lakefront. Flipping a page of her notebook, she picked up a
highlighter to mark a sentence. A noise from the street distracted her for a
moment.

Listening, Susan heard the slamming of car doors, then voices followed by
footfalls on the front porch of the house next door. She could not hear
clearly who it was but she knew someone was finally looking at the house.
Setting her notebook aside, Susan watched the house until the back door opened
and two men stepped outside onto the back stoop to look over the back yard.

“Just curious,” she reasoned with herself.

She stood to watch out the window over the top of the privacy fence as her
friend Kyle Gibbs; a local real estate broker stepped out on to the stoop
followed by another man who she could see wore denim jeans, a dark shirt and
black Stetson. Photo ray sunglasses hid his features. He stood with hands
firmly on hips surveying the yard. Something about his manner intrigued Susan
as she watched him and Kyle talking.

Moving away from the window, Susan stepped out onto her back porch – curiosity
was Susan’s weakness – then, being a psychology student, she excused herself
reasoning she studied human nature.

She watched the man; she knew would have to be Kyle’s client take his sun
glasses off gesturing with them then put them back on. Kyle gestured for him
to walk around the back yard.

The two men walked around the yard. In the meantime, Trudy her chow-chow pup
scrambled outside to bark at the strangers. Standing on bare toes so she could
look over the fence, Susan could just see their heads as the two moved about
the yard.

Sitting on the step she watched as the man with Kyle walked around the yard
kicking at some of the rubbish that had collected over the past year. She
watched the two as they briefly discussed/negotiated something. Kyle shook his
head a couple times. The other was adamant on some detail. Then it appeared
Kyle compromised.

Within a few minutes the two men returned to the back stoop, the buyer, which
she decided he had to be, stopped to look over his shoulder at the yard one
more time at the outside, the roof, the walls, he pointed to something, made a
comment that Kyle readily agreed with. Nothing escaped the other’s scrutiny.
Susan made a quick mental inventory of the man with Kyle: Thorough and sharp.

“New neighbor, maybe?” She mused, coyly observing him. “Family? Bachelor?
Where’s he from? West? Mid-West? He’s wearing western style clothes – novel to
the northeastern environment.” The long sleeves of the shirt were rolled up to
reveal thick hard biceps. The sunglasses added to the mystic. She couldn’t get
over how meticulous he was in his approach to the purchase. “Will he buy,
Trudy?”

The chow-chow pup continued its barking for another minute before settling
down at her mistress’s feet.

Kyle turned to catch a glimpse of Susan watching them. He nodded toward the
man. The look in Kyle’s eye told her what she suspected. Kyle was indicating,
using nonverbal language that the other was single. Susan tried to hide her
grin of pleasure with cupped hands about her mouth. She merely nodded in
reply.

Susan continued to watch Kyle’s client. He did not appear too happy with
something. He pulled the sunglasses off again to looked around the yard once
more. He caught Kyle’s attention nodding his head at the open door, before
stepping back through the door in to the kitchen. She added to her mental list
he was tall, athletic build, and handsome.

“So I am a romantic and still shopping …” she mused.

Susan watched with interest as Kyle tried to draw the other’s attention to
her. She brushed a lock of her flaxen hair from an eye as she smiled. The man
glanced toward her; he merely nodded, touched the brim of his hat with the
tips of his fingers then returned his own attention to what he was doing.

“And old fashion courtesy,” she added to the list.

Turning on his heel, he beckoned for Kyle to follow him back inside the house.
Kyle looked at her, shrugged to indicate “_I don’t know”_ and followed the
other back inside. Pursing her lips in thought, Susan decided to wait and see
if she did get a new neighbor or not. She estimated the closing on the house
would take at least three weeks. Kyle would let her know.

Tapping a tooth with a forefinger, she stared at the empty house. Its peeling
paint, rusted steel gutters; the faded drapes left behind by the former owners
still hung over dirt encrusted windows, and the weed infested lawn, in her
mind represented everything a house should not be. Lately the house had become
a focal point of her attention, holding a certain symbolism: Desperate hope.

The next two weeks passed slowly as the summer semester drew to an end and the
brief semester break marked the beginning of the fall semester and enrollment
for the next set of classes. Susan was busy preparing for the new school year,
briefly forgetting about the possibility of a new neighbor.

Two weeks later, classes started at Carteret University. It was early morning,
just before the start of class, Susan stood at the edge of the university’s
quadrangle looking out toward the sun glinting off the water of the lake,
silver and blue sequins reflecting the light like the bodice of a young girl’s
evening gown. She briefly wondered if anyone appreciated the view the same way
she did – the early mist of the morning rising from the waters just before
dawn.

From her vantage point, Susan could make out the boat house and not far from
the boat house the rock at the water’s edge that she liked to sit on in the
early weekend mornings to read from a book of her favorite poetry while Trudy
chased the Canada geese and ducks, and romp around the park.

She looked up as Kyle Gibbs walked toward her. He was attending Carteret for
his business degree. They waved to each other.

“`Morning, Sue, ya finally got a new neighbor,” he called.

“Great! When does he move in?” She asked, excitedly anticipating that her new
neighbor was the man she saw Kyle showing the house to. The news gave her an
emotional lift.

Kyle laughed. “Ah, so what makes you think it was that guy I was showing the
house to?”

Susan fell in to step with Kyle as they walked toward the main entrance to go
to their classes. “Oh, just a feeling, you might say.” A smile stealing at the
corners of her heart shaped mouth brought a slight blush to her cheeks.
“Besides, he’s the only one you’ve shown that house to in the past three
months.”

Susan taught her students not to depend on the ambiguous intangible emotions
of “feelings” were unreliable to depend on. Now, she just contradicted
herself.

“So, what’d ya going to do, Sue, study him for one of your project papers?”
Kyle couldn’t help but laugh as he opened the door for her.

Susan merely frowned at Kyle’s remark.

They followed the rest of the students inside.

Turning to look back at Kyle following, she said: “Oh come on, Kyle, just
because I used you and Mary for my last paper doesn’t mean…” She hesitated
then asked, “Why do you ask?”

“Oh just a thought.” Kyle caught up with her. Frowning, he said, “I noticed
you were watching him pretty closely that day of the showing.”

They walked down the main corridor, Kyle stopping, his class just a few more
doors down, Susan’s was on the second floor.

“Well he did appear rather detached that day I saw him,” she admitted
thoughtfully, brushing a lock of hair back. “Who is he … just so I know his
name before he moves in?”

Kyle allowed a half way grin in response. “Ah, an interest, hmm?”

Susan leveled an annoyed look on her friend. “Oh give me a break, Kyle.”

They stopped at the foot of the stair well to the second floor. Kyle smiled
then said: “Okay, okay. He’s RayPeters. He’s moving out here from Colorado.”

“Colorado? Out here?” Susan was amazed as she pursed her lips in thought.
“What does he do? If I may ask.”

“Retired.” Kyle replied. He watched Susan’s reaction out of the corner of his
eye.

“Retired?” Susan hesitated as she started up the stairs. “No. He didn’t appear
that old – I mean, he could be what? In his forties at least?”

Kyle laughed. Kyle’s laugh made Susan frown with annoyance. Ever since they
had first known each other, she bought her house through his agency; they had
played these games with each other, to Mary, Kyle’s wife’s exasperation.

“Good.” Kyle grinned again with his annoying Cheshire cat grin. “I’ll give you
two points on that one.” He started to turn away to continue on to his class.
Stopping a few paces away, he looked back at Susan. She had started up the
stairs then stopped when he did. They met anticipating looks at a distance. He
added, glibly, “Yes, but you’ll never guess what he’s retired from.”

Raising a thin dark brow in question and frustration, she said: “Oh you’re so
annoying, Kyle. Okay, I’ll play your silly game – He hit the Colorado Lottery
and retired – Right?”

“Wrong.”

“Wrong? So what else is there? A rich favorite uncle with a couple of oil
wells in Saudi Arabia left him a small fortune.”

Kyle was enjoying himself now. “Wrong again.”

Students dodged around them hurrying to their classes, ignoring the pair as
they talked, Susan now frustrated over her attempt to guess Ray Price’s
background.

“So what else is there? I mean there’s only one other career field anybody
retires from at age forty, that I am aware of is the military.”

“Right!” Kyle bowed gracefully to Susan, smiling broadly with a deep sweep of
his right hand. “Oops, better hurry up and get to class. See ya at break.
Chow.”

“Military? Which one – there’s five of them you know…!” Susan watched as Kyle
hurried down the corridor toward his class. She hurried upstairs to her class.
She couldn’t wait until break to see Kyle and find out the rest of the story,
as the saying went.

At the break Susan waited near the entrance for Kyle to come outside. She
stood with arms crossed over her chest in a display of her irritation with him
and his audacious attitude with her. Kyle attempted a boyish grin with Susan
as he walked up to her.

“Lessee, where were we?”

“This Ray Peters, my soon-to-be new-neighbor-is-retired-from –the-military.
And, as I said: Which one? There are only five – count `em – five to choose
from.”

She held up her right hand to show five fingers touching them with the index
finger of the other hand.

“Oh, yeah, that right.” Kyle started to chuckle but stopped seeing the
exasperated look from Susan. They walked outside to the quadrangle where other
students were taking the brief respite from the rigors of class. “Okay,
seriously, Sue all kidding aside. Ray is retired from the Army a couple years
ago. He’s moving out here in a couple weeks.”

Susan admitted to herself she had missed that guess on all counts. Now she had
a totally different image of her new neighbor. Now she didn’t know where he
was from originally.”

“Um, married?”

“Single. Very single.”

“How single is single? These days that can mean anything to anybody.”

Kyle shrugged. “Honest, Sue, I don’t have the slightest idea. He didn’t say,
and I didn’t press him. Besides, he must have money. He paid cash for the
house and most everything else. Had the full amount transferred the same day
from his bank in Denver.” He gestured that he was just as perplexed as she
was. “Well, one more hour. Gotta go. See ya later.”

“Sure. If I don’t see ya after classes, say hi to Mary for me.”

Returning to her own class, Susan was thoughtful as she recalled RayPeter’s
handsome looks. The brief memory stirred through her as she saw in the eye of
her mind, his strong build, the hard biceps, his quiet manner. He was
everything she desired in a man’s good looks.

But, what was his personality like? Quiet? Abrupt? Hard? Military would have a
definite mark on his personality. She decided she would have to wait another
two weeks until he moved from Colorado to Lakewood, Ma. to find out those
things. She might be pleasantly surprised. Or just as disappointed.

Sunday began clear and cool as Susan set out on her Sunday morning walk to the
lake with Trudy. She carried her thermos filled with spiced herbal tea and a
little wicker basket filled with scones. This was a weekend event that she
rarely passed up – except in the winter when the snow was a couple feet deep.
Stepping out to the sidewalk she passed the house next door. Stopping, she
looked at the red and white sign Kyle had finally attached to his agency’s
“For Sale” sign to read: SOLD! It was official. Smiling to herself, Susan now
couldn’t wait to meet RayPeters.

The short walk from her house to the lake brought Susan out near the lake’s
small blue and white bait shack and sailboat marina. Slipping the leash from
Trudy, she allowed the little Chow-Chow pup, a ball of black fur to run free.
The pup’s favorite game was to chase the wild Canada geese and ducks sending
the water fowl off in to the air in a flurry of wings and squawks of protest
at the yapping canine, the flailing of the water fowl’s wings sent the mist
swirling for a moment.

Laughing at the pup, Susan climbed on to her favorite rock near the water’s
edge

to watch for a moment the veil of mist as it rose in long thin tendrils from
the surface of the lake. The rising mist made the golden glow of the early
rising sun a pale lemon shade as it faded above the water. Pouring a cup of
the tea and taking a scone to eat, Susan took out her book of sonnets from the
basket, and began reading aloud from it; the geese and ducks glibly ignoring
her as they settled back to the water to finish feeding.

Part 2

Susan sat on her back stoop watching Trudy criss-cross the yard sniffing at
everything. Nothing escaped the little pup’s attention. Susan’s books lay
beside her forgotten for the moment as she stared with blank eyes at a spot
near the ground in front of her.

Her moment of reverie was broken by the sound of a diesel truck brakes as it
slowed to a stop followed by another. The voices of men, the opening and
slamming of the truck’s doors told her it was her new neighbor – Ray Peters.

She had to restrain herself from wanting to peer over the edge of the fence
but she decided to wait. Trudy ran to the fence barking at the unseen people
on the other side.

“That has to be Ray Peters,” she said to herself, giving in to her curiosity,
Susan finally stood to peer over the top of the fence. “Naw, I don’t want to
appear too nosey – ah, but what the heck.”

Trudy stopped her incessant barking long enough to watch as Susan stood to
peer across to see the side and back doors of a long green and yellow van were
open. She spotted Ray among the moving company’s crew. Susan grinned. Of
course he would be easy to pick out, the black Stetson and a plaid shirt, the
sleeves rolled up to the biceps.

She watched for the moment as he led the foreman to the house. Susan could not
see much until Ray began to open the windows. The back door banged open. Ray
blocked the door open then disappeared back into the house.

Sitting back down, Susan called Trudy over to her to stop her barking, the pup
satisfied for the moment that she had let the new neighbor know there was a
dog on duty next door leaped in to her mistress’s lap to settle down.

“Well, sweet heart,” she said gently scratching Trudy behind one ear, “I
suppose we’ll just have to wait to make the formal introductions later, eh?”

The pup looked up at her, blinking her small coal black eyes in response.
Picking her books back up, Susan tried to concentrate on her studies again.
She continued to look back over the fence at the boxes, and other things that
the movers were carrying off the truck. She noted that some of the furnishings
had the touch of having been selected by a woman at one time.

“Hmm, not bad – if I say so myself,” she mused. “Kyle said he was single…”

Her concentration was again broken by Trudy’s cool wet nose on her arm. “Oh,
yeah, dinner, right? And I’ve got to get ready for school.”

Susan continued to watch RayPeters and the crew from the vantage point of her
kitchen window as boxes and furniture were carried in to the house in a never-
ending stream. Later as Susan pulled out of her driveway to leave for school,
the moving crew was just closing the big doors on the trailer. RayPeters was
using the hood of a big silver-gray and black four-wheel drive truck for a
writing surface as he signed off on forms and the foreman separated them.

“I wouldn’t suppose he’d drive anything else,” she mused watching the crew
climb in to the cab of the truck.

When she arrived from school that night, Susan noticed lights were still on in
the house. Surprisingly enough, new curtains were hung at the windows. As she
slowed to pull in to her driveway, she saw RayPeters carrying boxes out to the
garage to be stored until later. The big four-by-four with its green and white
mountain design Colorado license plates was an anachronism in this part of the
northeast. The truck was backed up to the garage the tailgate was open.

That was Tuesday; Susan did not see RayPeters again for the next couple days.
Between her doctoral classes and the classes she was teaching, she did not
have much time for anything else. Fridays Susan did not have classes; she
decided that would be a good time to meet her new neighbor, considering he
would be pretty well settled in by that time. Also, just having presented the
first part of her project paper the night before, she was due for a break for
the next couple days.

Watching from her kitchen window, Susan could just make out a stack of
collapsed moving boxes of various sizes on the back stoop, the stack anchored
by a rock.

Still there was nothing to really indicate if he really was single. Inside
her, she hoped he was unattached. “Well, if he’s single,” she mused, picking
at the dried leaves of one of the potted plants that set on the window sill,
“he would appreciate some help – from a woman’s point of view that is.”

Putting Trudy on her leash, Susan stepped out the front door, the pup tugging
at the leash. Casually walking up to the front door, she looked around the
front yard and the silver-gray and black four-wheel drive truck backed up to
the garage. Looking at the big truck she noticed it had several pieces of
aftermarket ‘hardware’. Pursing her lips in thought, she noticed, not for the
first time, just how run-down the property had become. She made a mental
comparison to the other houses in the immediate neighborhood; RayPeters would
have a lot of work ahead of him to bring the house and yard up to its original
beauty.

Susan finally knocked lightly on the screen door.

Shortly the door opened. Peters looked out. “Yes?”

Susan was momentarily speechless as she looked in to Ray’s dark brown eyes,
his deeply tanned chiseled features. “Um, yes, hello, I’m your neighbor,
SusanCampbell.”

She pointed to her own house next door. Peters followed the direction she
pointed.

“Hi. RayPeters.” He hesitated looking down at the small black ball of fur
sniffing at his leg. “Ah, what the heck. I need a break anyway. Come on in.
Chow?”

Ray stepped back holding the door open for her.

“Pardon?” Susan looked in past Ray to the piles of empty boxes and other
things still stacked around the living room and down the short hallway. Some
pictures were hung, books arranged in the bookcases. Maybe someday she’d look
at the titles that would tell her a lot about his personality.

Ray nodded to the pup. “The pup. What’s its name?”

“Oh, sorry. Trudy.”

Ray knelt to let the pup sniff his hand. “Trudy, huh, friendly little girl,
aren’t you?” he cooed to the Chow.

To Susan’s surprise, the pup nuzzled up to him whimpering as he scratched its
ears. Well, there’s a plus, she mused he likes dogs. “She’s never done that
before.”

Ray straightened up. “I have a dog too – the German Shepard from hell. She’s
in the garage right now so she won’t get under foot.”

“Mean?” Susan asked, hesitantly.

She looked around again. The rich aroma of brewing coffee tingled her nose.

“Can be. Otherwise she’s usually a baby. Six months old. Protective and
usually hates intruders of her turf.” Turning, Ray motioned her toward the
kitchen. “Coffee?”

Susan smiled. “Thank you. You know nearly all the houses on this block facing
the lake are identical – row houses.”

Ray chuckled as he pushed some boxes aside. “I noticed that right away.”

Instantly, Susan liked the deep manly sound of Ray’s mirth. Stepping in to the
kitchen he moved a couple boxes aside and found a box of dog biscuits. He gave
one to Trudy, the little Chow sniffed it then took the oversized biscuit in
her little mouth. Susan set the pup on the floor, keeping the leash on she
watched the pup find a place near the table to settle down with the biscuit.
Ray invited her to sit down.

Moving boxes with pots and pans and dishes aside he found another coffee cup.

Checking it, he rinsed it out. “Yeah, I know. KyleGibbs told me about
everything and everybody around here. By the way, he doesn’t have any
relatives on the local newspaper, does he?”

Susan quickly knew what Ray meant by everybody and everything. She wondered
now what Kyle may have told Ray about her.

“No. Why?” Susan watched Ray pour the coffee. Normally she wasn’t a coffee
drinker.

Ray cleared a space on the table then set the coffee in front of her. “Guy is
damned nosey.”

Susan raised a brow in interest. She quickly surmised that Ray did not like
strangers probing in to his private life.

“Well,” she chuckled in reply, “people around here are rather close,
especially in the academic community.”

Ray poured his coffee, adding to what was left in the cup, a large black bowl
shaped cup that could have qualified as a soup bowl with a handle on it. He
ignored her comment as he took a box off the chair opposite her and sat down.
“Oh, excuse me; do you take anything in your coffee?”

“Thank you, creamer please – if…” She watched as he reached in to another box
to take out a small jar of non-dairy creamer.

“No problem. I keep a jar on hand for people who use creamer – and sometimes
sugar in their coffee. But, I prefer mine in the viscosity of hot burnt
thirty-weight engine oil, drained from an M1 after a one hundred and ten mile
road march to contact. Used to call it: Tanker’s coffee.”

Ray allowed a thin smile as he held up the cup of coffee as if demonstrating
what he just told her.

Susan looked at him with renewed surprise. She had never heard the term
before: “You’re kidding?”

Allowing a grin of mirth that showed his sense of humor, Ray said: “Yup. Here.
Try it.” He offered her the cup.

“Um, no thank you. I believe you. I’ll pass.” She watched as he sipped the
acrid black liquid. Susan stirred in a spoon of creamer, then sipped at it,
realizing even with the creamer it was quiet strong. She wondered for a moment
how many scoops of grounds he used.

Her psychology side kicked in as she made mental notes: She could read his
body Language like a book: He was definitely not comfortable with her just
yet.

Ray was friendly enough toward her, not as guarded as she first expected. But,
she surmised, that might have had to do with a woman visiting him.

Trudy lay at her feet happily gnawing on the oversized biscuit meant for a
larger dog. There was a heavy pause as both waited for the other to speak
first.

She watched him over the rim of the cup for a moment. Then took a chance to
break the silence: “I understand from Kyle you moved here from Colorado.”

Ray nodded his head as he set the cup down, avoiding Susan’s expectant gaze.
“Needed the change.”

The silence was uncomfortable for a moment, then she said: “I understand
you’re retired from the Army. I have an uncle who retired, finally from the
Navy two years ago.”

Ray paused as he sipped at the coffee again: “Yes.” He looked across at her
then dropped his eyes to the table, then looked up. Something in the look
touched his interest. “Sea?”

“Yes. Carrier – something with weapons.” She did not miss that spark of
interest. “What did you do?”

“Platoon Sergeant.” He looked up again, meeting her intent look. “Armored-
Infantry and Armored Cav.”

Susan did not miss the moment of his distant gaze. Then Ray said in a stiff
tone: “But -- that’s something I don’t talk about, Susan.”

She let it drop there, momentarily taken back by Ray dodging her question.

“Oh. I- I’m sorry. I- I well…”

Ray finished the coffee in a gulp and asked, abruptly: “No. It’s alright,
Susan. Just the nature of what I had to do. I was one of few senior NCO’s
recalled for the first and second war with Iraq.”

Nodding her head stiffly, Susan explained: “I take it wasn’t very – how should
I say, delicately – agreeable?”

Ray shook his head taking another drink of his coffee. “War never is. A person
could go their whole career and never see front line action until one day you
find yourself knee deep in the fighting and ask, ‘What the hell am I doing
here?’ then it hits you, ‘Oh this why I enlisted’.”

“I take it you were in the …middle of the fighting?”

Ray held up four fingers, thought then added his thumb.

“Five? Five wars?”

“Korea if you count it as a conflict. I saw more action with North Korea then
when I was in `Nam.”

“Ray, I know we just met this may seem personal to you. But has it had any
effect on you?”

Ray nodded. “To a point yes, but while was on active duty and recall I learned
to control it.”

Susan thought a minute. What she wanted to say she wasn’t sure how he’d take
what she wanted to say. Some people get rather belligerent or some take the
term in stride. “Ray, let me offer you some help. I am a …”

“Physiologist.”

Susan froze. “Uh…?”

“Don’t worry, Sue I won’t go off the deep end at you and make an idiot of
myself. That’s why I out here.”

“VA?”

He nodded as he finished the coffee. “If they can’t help me, I’ll throw my
inert body across your couch and you take a crack a me.”

She couldn’t help grin at his turn of words.

He lifted his eyes to regard Susan a minute. For the moment she was relieved
that he would not become offended with her questions. Susan was searching for
an avenue to stimulate a conversation. She finally asked: “May I ask then what
you do now?”

Drawing in a deep breath, Ray said, woodenly: “Retired.” He turned to pour
himself another cup of coffee. “More?”

“No thank you. One is enough for me.” Feeling that he was going to say more,
prompting Ray, she said: “And you were going to say…?”

“Oh – yeah, and still trying to figure out what civilians do for a living.”

Avoiding Susan’s searching gaze, Ray’s face clouded over as he stared past
her, fixing his attention on the opposite wall for a moment, he shifted back
to Susan as if remembering she was still seated opposite him. She watched him
for a moment. She had to rein in her desire to use her more of her psychology
on Ray to learn more about him.

“Anyway,” he began, looking around the kitchen at the boxes that still needed
to be stored or unpacked, the open cupboards where dishes and pans were being
put away, I still got a ton of work ahead of me today. Slow going unpacking
this stuff.”

Finishing his coffee Ray looked down at the little Chow pup still happily
gnawing on the oversized biscuit. “So, Trudy you enjoying that biscuit?”

The pup looked up, her little black eyes sparkling like diamonds, wagging her
tail in reply, she returned to chewing on the biscuit.

Susan smiled. “Do you need any help?”

Placing his cup on the counter behind him, he shook his head. “Thank you, no.
I can handle it. Besides,” he looked back at Susan allowing a thin smile in
return, “it gives me something to do. But, thank you for the offer.”

Ray stood stretching himself. She noticed he seemed to have problems with his
back and legs. Susan knew Ray was politely ending the social visit. She said
good-bye; scooping Trudy up the pup grasped the half chewed biscuit in her
small mouth.

Carrying Trudy back to her house Susan couldn’t help but consider she was
living next door to a troubled man. She would have to be cautious wanting to
pry too much. There was a considerable difference between a professional visit
and a social visit. Ray would bear watching.

Part - 3

Susan did not see much of Ray for the next week, other than they waved to each
other or called “hello” across the yard. That Thursday she met Kyle between
class breaks.

“Well, Sue, getting on with your new neighbor?” Kyle asked jovially.

Susan frowned as she sipped a diet soda. “I’m not sure yet, Kyle. I’ve only
met him once. We had coffee and – kinda small talk – if you know what I mean.”

“Hmm, not very talkative, eh?” Kyle and Susan walked out to the courtyard
together.

“Excuse me, Kyle, but what do you mean: ‘Not very talkative’?”

Susan had an idea what Kyle meant, but she wanted to be sure she understood
the context of his turn of phrase.

Kyle looked straight ahead for a moment then shifted his gaze to Susan. He
replied, “The second meeting we had, I was all but told it wasn’t any of my
business.”

“Oh.” Susan understood. “Yes, you’re right. I felt the same thing. He does
come across rather as an introvert. Strange, and having been in the Army – and
I believe he said platoon-sergeant.”

Kyle smiled thinly then said: “Oh, so you did try some of your psychology bit
on him then?”

“Some. I didn’t need no four years of college in psychology to tell me that
much about him,” she replied gravely. “He never said why he moved out here
from Colorado, did he?”

“No. Just that he was retired from the Army. That was all.” Kyle found an
unoccupied bench for them to sit on. “Why?”

Susan shrugged: “Just curious, you might say.”

They were silent for a moment. Susan was thoughtful then she said: “In less
than five minutes I sensed a troubled man, Kyle. I’m no Dr. Johnston, or Dr,
Phil type mind you, but I would say that something is bothering him.”

Kyle pursed his lips in agreement. Glancing sideward at Susan, he said: “Sue,
do you mind a bit of advice from an old friend here?” Susan nodded her head.
“I too sensed trouble waters that run very deep with Ray. To use the other
phrase: don’t get burned, eh? Besides, he just moved in a couple days ago, you
know.”

The other students began moving back inside. Break was over. Standing, she
said, “No, I won’t. Thanks, big brother.”

Kyle kissed Susan on the cheek. “No problem. I suppose that’s why I am here.”

The following morning as Susan was leaving for her first class that she taught
at the junior college, she passed two trucks from a vinyl siding company that
were parked in front of Ray’s house. The crew was busy setting up ladders and
equipment. She nodded her surprise: “Coming along.”

Thursday a landscape company was in the midst of cleaning and working on the
yard as the siding company was finishing its work. Ray was outside discussing
the work with the supervisors of the two companies.

The week was over and Ray’s house looked better than it had in years: a
complete makeover.

Sunday morning Susan awoke early for her weekend walk along the lakefront. As
Susan prepared her basket of whole-wheat biscuits with butter and honey and
thermos of herbal tea, she looked out the kitchen window toward the distant
lake. She could only see a small part of the north shore, the early fall mist
shrouded the lake in the chill morning air like a sheer white silk veil.
Lifting her gaze she could see the first flocks of geese and ducks that move
in for their morning feeding along the clusters of reeds and grass.

Putting the leash on Trudy, she selected a book of poetry from the bookshelf
by the door. Trudy tugged at the leash as Susan stepped out the door, the sun
lifting above the distant hills in to a cloudless sky. Susan talked to the pup
as she closed the front yard gate to the sidewalk. Passing Ray’s house she
noticed the porch light was on and a light was on in the front room. She
wondered if maybe Ray was up already doing something. As was Ray’s habit, she
noticed, the big four-wheel drive truck was backed up to the garage. Crossing
the street, she followed the worn path between the houses to the small marina,
then to the beach where there was a swimming area.

When she reached the pier and bait house she let Trudy off the leash. The pup
anxious to run loose bounded ahead through the mist, barking at the ducks and
geese that were feeding among the reeds near the shore. The waterfowl took to
wing in a noisy flapping of wings.

“Well, Trudy …” Susan heard Ray’s voice through the mist. “So – where’s your
lady, this morning?”

Susan smiled to herself as she walked ahead. She hesitated a step when she
found Ray sitting on the rock at the water’s edge where she liked to sit on
mornings like this, reading poetry out loud to the birds and waterfowl.

She approached Ray. “Good morning, Ray,” she called cheerily. “All moved in, I
see.”

Ray looked around at her. Lifting the thermos cup he held, steam rising from
the warm liquid, she guessed was coffee. Lifting his sunglasses, he said:
“Hello, Susan. Yes, finally.”

Approaching the rock, she stopped short seeing the German Sheppard lying next
to him. The dog lifted its head to look at her and the pup. The Chow pup
cautiously approached the larger dog, bristling its fur. The Sheppard laid its
head down ignoring the puppy. Ray chuckled at the little Chow’s frustration
that she couldn’t get a rise out of the bigger dog. Setting the sunglasses
back over his eyes, Ray reached out to scratch the little Chow’s ears.

Susan grinned watching the dogs. “So, you little tramp, I’m not good enough
anymore, eh?” She said to Ray, “I see you discovered my rock.”

Ray looked up surprised. Tipping his Stetson, he said, apologizing, “Oh, no,
excuse me.”

Laughing she set her basket and thermos down on the flat part of the rock,
Susan said: “No, no, that’s all right, please sit. It’s just that there is
hardly anyone down here this early in the morning.” She looked at Ray a moment
seeing a new side to him that he apparently was guarded about on their first
meeting. “I am usually the only one on this side of the lake this early in the
morning.”

Ray sipped at his coffee. “No one that is, except you and the ducks, eh?”
Taking two biscuits from a jacket pocket, he gave one to the Sheppard and one
to the Chow. The Sheppard raised her head looking at the small puff of black
fur. “Okay, Shelia be good. Meet Shelia – say hi, girl.” The Sheppard snatched
the biscuit from Ray’s hand took a bit of the biscuit.

Susan watched the dog warily from across the rock. “So that’s the – what did
you call her…?”

“Sheppard from hell. Right, old girl?” Ray looked up at Susan as she sat down
on the corner of the rock beside him. Petting the Sheppard’s neck, he said:
“Shelia was originally raised on a ranch in eastern Colorado by an old friend
of mine. Anyway, Dan trained her to work with cattle. Only problem was, she
and a bull had a disagreement one day. Bull one – Shelia zero. Now – you
couldn’t get her to go near a calf. But, she’s a good old girl.”

Ray ruffled the dog’s fur a bit cooing to the Sheppard as she chewed on the
last

bite of biscuit.

Susan watched Ray as he gently petted the dog. “She doesn’t appear all that
terrible.” Then she said, holding up the thermos, “Oh, I have tea…herbal.”

Ray glanced at the thermos. “Coffee … thirty weight…burnt.”

He lifted the thermos cup, a half way grin creased his mouth.

Susan then opened her basket, took out the book of poetry then held up a
biscuit.

“Biscuit – human type.”

“Donut,” said Ray showing her a chocolate frosted one. “Dunkin’ type.”

They laughed together. Susan liked the sound of his laughter. It made her
smile and feel good that maybe she could become friends with him. Maybe.

“To each their own poison,” said Susan, taking her thermos cup out of the
basket.

Ray returned his attention back to the lake and a point across the mist-
shrouded lake. He sipped at the hot coffee for a moment then asked: “So Sue,
what brings you out so early?”

A gaggle of Canada geese honked their good mornings and goose talked as other
fowl fed along the far lakeshore close to the college campus.

Sue smiled at the scene as she considered Ray’s question, a switch from their
first meeting. “Oh, except for the noise of the birds and geese, it’s
peaceful. Relaxing to the soul and inner being. I like to – um, how should I
say – get in touch with my inner being.”

She shifted a sideward glance at Ray to regard his reaction.

Ray allowed his mouth to curl in dry humor. “Explore metaphysical conceit,
eh?”

“Um, well…” Susan was surprised by his remark. She did not know how to answer
the question. His reply told her instantly he possessed an education. “Not
really.

I like to – oh, meditate. You?”

Susan watched Ray out of the corner of her eye as she poured herself more tea
and picked out a biscuit. The photo rays hid his eyes.

Ray was quiet for a moment as he poured himself more coffee and selected
another donut from the box. He finally said a dry chuckle cracked deep in his
throat: “This early in the morning? Well, I’ll tell, ya old habits die hard
after twenty plus years.”

“The service?” said Susan guessing that is what Ray was implying.

He nodded his head. “Yes.” Ray gazed across the lake through the thinning
mist. Finishing the donut Ray shifted a gaze toward Susan then looked away
again. From the corner of her eye she noticed the deep gaze that held a
distant look as if he were remembering a time long ago. In a low voice of
melancholy, he said: “Up oh-dark thirty and last into the rack at whatever
time. The never ending grind of preparing for the next day’s training, duties,
you name it. War. Fools that say war is hell were never in the service and saw
the preparation – four months preparing for fifteen minutes of glory. They
never saw what goes on afterward, come back to the motor pool, tear the tracks
and tanks apart, spend all night putting `em back together for the commander’s
inspection the next day. Checking field gear to make sure your troops have
everything, whether they used half of it or not. Your wife or girl fiend is
asleep in the dayroom waiting patiently for you. War is hell? They don’t know
the half it.” He finished the coffee and screwed the cup back on to the
thermos, then added: “I just never found an excuse to change my life style is
all.”

Susan was quiet as they watched the ducks and geese begin to leave the lake in
a noisy procession of flights south, each species taking a different route
toward its southern destination. The sun burned through the mist as fish began
to occasionally break the surface for water bugs that took the place of the
waterfowl.

She watched Ray now out of the corner of her eye again. He ate a cinnamon
roll, giving part to Shelia. She summed Ray up in a few words: _ Like quiet
waters that run deep – are his emotions._

Susan continued seeing Ray on their Sundays at the lakeside. They met at the
gate of his front yard, walked to the marina to let the dogs off their
leashes; the pair romped along the shoreline like old pals.

She brought whole-wheat rolls, he brought the donuts, and the dogs biscuits
that Ray brought along for them. Their talks were of casual interest. Susan
avoided asking Ray personal questions; he did not talk about his personal
life; yet, he described distant places he had been around the world; around
the world and back seven times to places, as he described them: the well-
heeled would give a month’s salary to visit – even once. Susan enjoyed
listening to him, and occasionally he would show her pictures of those distant
lands and people.

This had become her window into Ray’s world.

Part – 4

Kyle met Susan at school and would occasionally ask her how she was getting
along with Ray. She knew what he was hinting at: She avoided Kyle’s questions
of her personal relationship with Ray. She did not want it spoiled.

At the beginning of October Ray was gone for three days. Susan never did learn
where he had been those three days. She hesitated asking, knowing Ray’s
penchant for privacy. He was quiet when he returned. He said little to her. He
was quiet that weekend, saying little; he enjoyed her company on the weekends,
sometimes helping her with her doctoral projects. His level of knowledge on
some of the subjects was astounding. She often wondered if he had an advanced
level of education.

Late fall as the leaves of the trees turned to shades of orange, yellow, and
reds, their relationship becoming deeper and more intimate, Susan also noticed
a subtle change in Ray.

The early morning air was crisp with the first frost and signs of a pending
early winter. The dogs lay to either side of the people ignoring the
waterborne fowl that dotted the lake. Ray silently tossed stones toward the
water, but not disturbing the ducks and geese.

Drawing in a deep breath, she let it out in a gush of frosty breathe, asking:
“Want to talk about it, Ray?”

“Talk about what?” He drew in a deep shuddering breath, touching the brim of
his Stetson with a shaking hand; Ray gripped the cup in his other hand.

Susan watched him a moment noticing the nervousness then quietly said: “Talk
about what’s bothering you.”

“What makes you think…?” He tossed her a sharp glance then looked away before
she could meet his eyes. “I keep forgetting psychology is your profession.”

Drawing her lips back in disappointment, Susan replied: “I’m sorry, Ray. I try
to put it aside on the weekends and be a friend. If – if you want to talk
about it, please think of me as your friend – not a psychologist. Okay?”

Nodding his head, he said in a low tone, “Thanks, Sue.” He put an arm around
her to hug her, kissing her fervently, their tongues briefly meeting in a slow
tango of passion. After a moment he held her close. “But I’d rather not
discuss it right now – Just yet, anyway.”

They were silent for a moment. She came to enjoy the strong feel of Ray’s arms
about her. It was a feeling of security that she never had in her life. She
lay her head against his shoulder closing her eyes imaging a life with a man
in it now.

Ray glanced at Susan seeing her eyes closed, a smile that creased her heart
shaped mouth told him he had not entirely messed up. He lowered his gaze to
her small hands grasping his arms; they were delicate but held on to him for
security. He finally allowed a half a smile in return; turning his hand he
gently grasped hers.

Ray’s hand was strong and secure feeling to Susan as she moved closer to Ray.
Then to Susan’s pleasant surprise, Ray slipped his arm about her shoulders.
She rested her head on his shoulder as they watched the ducks and geese begin
to leave the lake and the mist of the morning begin to dissipate.

“Thank you, Susan,” he said, softly lifting her hand to his lips to kiss it.
“Thank you.”

Susan felt a glow of warmth fill her as they held hands. Ray was the first man
to have made her feel like a girl again as he held her hand and gazed out
across the lake as the cool rays of mid-October burned off the last mist of
the morning from the lake.

Halloween came and went. Susan had a chance to watch Ray that night as he
handed out candy and treats to the local children. She noticed he did it the
right way: Set a table and chair by the open door. He had on a rubber ghoul
mask that made the children laugh as they filed up the steps to the porch
holding out their bags, plastic pumpkins or pails. Then a week in mid-November
he was gone for another four days. When Ray returned from his trip out of town
he was again withdrawn into himself.

That Sunday morning a misty rain fell, the air was damp and cool. Despite the
rain, Susan wearing a raincoat, met Ray at the front yard gate, the dogs on
their leashes, the two people quietly walked along the lake. The lake was now
empty of the waterfowl that inhabited the shores in the past six months. They
walked hand in hand, the dogs tugging at the leashes wanting to get loose to
romp along the lakeshore to a gazebo.

They reached the shelter of the gazebo. They finally let the dogs loose, the
two heading for the water to look for something to chase. As they poured hot
coffee or tea, they watched the dogs enjoying their romp in the rain. Ray
looked up at the surrounding hills shrouded in mist for a moment and smiled.
Susan noticed, despite the cold that was the first smile she had seen on him
since Halloween as he passed out treats to the local children.

“Penny for your thoughts,” said Susan leaning against Ray’s side.

“Penny? Is that all?” he said with a laugh putting an arm about her to kiss
her. “I thought it was a nickel now. Inflation, you know.”

“Oh yeah right. Okay, then a nickel.”

She enjoyed the moment of intimacy with Ray as they sat near the lake, the
quiet with no one else to disturb them.

Ray gestured toward the haze-shrouded hills beyond the far lakeshore and the
college campus. “Now if this were Colorado, those hills – or mountains you
call them…?” Susan nodded her head following Ray’s gesture with the thermos
cup, “would be covered with at least a foot of snow by now.”

“Sorry, dear they’re not fourteen feet like out there.”

“Nuts, I thought those were the foothills.”

Susan made a noise of exasperation at Ray’s comment.

Finally giving up on the weather, they returned to Ray’s house where he
prepared a fire in the fireplace. They spent the day talking about subjects of
interest, Ray taught Susan how to make Tex-Mex chili.

She watched as he mixed together various ingredients in a large black kettle.
“Excuse me, dear, but …”

As the two grew to know each other, they began using endearments.

“Too hot?” he asked her, holding a jar of jalapenos chilies for her to sample.

“Um, you have a fire extinguisher handy?” She picked one out with a fork, cut
off a small piece, tasted it and grabbed for a soda. “Ahhh! How do you eat
these things?”

“You know that’s a good question.” He took one and ate it as he continued to
stir the chili mixture. “You should try Thai food some time.”

“No thanks, honey I’ll pass.” She said fanning her mouth, still burning from
the hot chili pepper.

Ray fixed a portion for Susan that did not have all the hot spices and chili
peppers in it. Although they had gone out to supper at the local restaurants,
she was still amazed at his appetite. They spent the day relaxing in front of
the log fire, enjoying each other’s company, listening to music and talking.
On these afternoons and evenings, Ray would show her pictures and tell her
about the places he had been during his service time; he would refer to the
military time in the abstract not discussing it, Susan did not press him on
that part of his life.

The weather became cooler, during the weekends, Ray would have a fire burning
in the fireplace. Susan considered that she rarely used her fireplace except
in the winter as an alternate heat source; rather, Ray drew a sense of
enjoyment and quiet comfort from the fire. She accepted their relationship as
it was, this is what she enjoyed and Ray never pressed, he expressed his
growing affection toward her with a loving kiss as they held each other, the
deep emotions that bound them together at these times was not to be broken.

Part – 5

Thanksgiving weekend was something special to them now. Kyle and Mary went to
visit their children and grandchildren. Susan and Ray had early on decided to
have a light Thanksgiving dinner together – she picked out all the things they
would need and brought it over the day before. They skipped watching the
Macy’s Thanksgiving parade – they both agreed: too commercialized.

Shortly after Thanksgiving and a weekend of enjoying the holiday together,
Susan awoke to several inches of snow that had fallen overnight.

“Oh good lord,” she thought looking out the front window at the street and
snow.

Stepping out the door, she looked over to see if Ray was home. The truck was
gone.

She decided to get something at the school cafeteria. Pulling a muffler around
her neck she went outside to start her little foreign car. After the third
attempt she felt a sense of panic: “Now what am I going to do?” She realized
that she was now running late for school.

Panic was rising in her chest. Fumbling for her cell phone she speed-dialed
Ray’s Number. The number rang twice and was picked up. “_Yeah, hone?_”

“Ray, my car won’t start. I need a ride to school.”

“_Be there in a few minutes. Besides, the University along with everybody else
is on a one hour delay.”_

_ _“Oh.”

She left the car set and walked to the end of the driveway. Standing in the
falling snow she looked up and down the street. The street had not been plowed
yet, and there was still no sign of Ray’s big four-wheel drive in sight.

Susan looked around for a moment; her neighbors were beginning to step outside
to begin the process of pulling blowers out of their garages or shoveling
themselves out. A few waved to her.

Susan started to go back to the house to call for a local cab when she saw
Ray’s big silver-gray and black truck round the corner from the adjoining
street with a big orange snow plow mounted to the front, snow being shoved to
the side. She smiled and waved to him as he passed by. She remembered when he
bought the plow mount and plow before Thanksgiving.

“Definitely needed one in Colorado,” he told her when he bought the rig. She
merely shrugged admitting she did not understand the point of the plow: now
she did.

The neighbor’s watched with mild interest as Ray passed, plowing a lane from
the end of the street to the other, then returned clearing a second traffic
lane. As the truck passed her, she could see Shelia his ever-present companion
occupying the passenger seat like a person.

The truck stopped opposite her as she waved, Ray lifted the photo ray
sunglasses from his eyes as he started to roll the window down, Shelia climbed
over the top of him to stick her nose out the open window.

Shelia barked as Ray shoved the dog back. “Get back, Shelia, that’s Susan.”

Shoving the dog aside, he managed to say: “`Morning, honey I thought you’d
heard there’s a one hour delay?”

Susan stepped closer to the truck as Ray leaned out to kiss her. She said:
“No, I was running late I didn’t hear. Now my car won’t start. Would you…?”
She gestured toward the snow bound car sitting in front of the garage. “I
think it needs a jump start.”

Looking past Susan, Ray looked back at her with a puckered brow, letting the
sunglasses slip back over his eyes. The sunglasses hid his eyes. To Susan’s
frustration the frown finally turned to a grin of humor. “Come again? I
thought those Jap things were supposed to be able to start in Siberian-like
weather.”

Susan scowled at Ray. “Ray, your humor fails to amuse me this morning. Dear, I
am serious.”

Opening the door, Ray climbed out pushing Shelia back closing the door. He
pushed the Stetson back on his head and said: “Tell me, Sue, what’s wrong with
your car?”

Susan looked back at her car wondering if he cognitively knew something she
didn’t. “What? It won’t start!” Susan looked back to study Ray’s deep-set
expression as he stared at the car. He lifted his sunglasses from his eyes
again. She said, desperately: “I don’t know. Honest…”

Ray shook his head: “Honey, I can’t start the damned car with its front end up
against the garage door – in a three foot snow drift no less!”

Susan was stunned. “Oh.”

“Come on, get in, I’ll drive you to school. Besides, you’re probably running
late now anyway.”

“What was your first guess?”

Ray walked her around to the other side of the truck. Opening the door, he
ordered the Sheppard back to the back seat. “In the back, Shelia, give the
seat to Sue.”

Placing her attaché on the back seat, then to Susan’s surprise, and the
delight of their neighbors, Ray scooped Susan up in to his arms and set her on
the seat. “There.”

“Ray!” She was looking into his dancing with merriment. He leaned to kiss her
again.

The truck was warm. Susan noticed the large plastic thermos mug of coffee
balancing on the console between the seats. Ray climbed in to the driver’s
seat, pushing Shelia into the back again. Raising the plow blade, he put the
truck into gear, then grabbed up the mug of coffee. “Sip?”

“Oh, thank you.” Susan took a sip of the warm coffee. She looked around at the
piles of snow and people digging themselves out. “So, I take it the plow is
working just fine for you.”

“It’s been worth every dime I paid for it. Figured this area is probably worse
than Colorado for its unpredictable weather.”

“I really appreciate this.” She frowned, as she smacked her lips in thought.
“This isn’t your coffee is it?”

Susan watched him with a sideward grin of amusement.

Ray tossed her a smile at the next traffic light. “We’re not just neighbors
Sue – and you know, more than just friends. Besides I had a feeling you’d need
a ride to school this morning anyway.”

She passed him back the mug. Looking at the mug, he said: “The coffee? No. I
just had breakfast at the truck stop off the interstate. The interstate is a
bigger mess than you can imagine. You sure they didn’t close school?”

They arrived at the school a short time later. Most of the students and
faculty were already late, the late fall snow catching the area off-guard. Ray
stopped in front of the entrance. He turned to Susan. “Tell you what, Sue,
I’ll start the car and get it turned around for you…What time do you get out
of class? I’ll come pick you up. Today? Right around noon. Oh the keys … Oh, I
left them in the car.”

Ray laughed. “I doubt there’s too many car thieves out stealing stalled cars
today.”

As Susan opened the door to get out, Ray slipped the glove off his hand,
reached across to touch her chin and draw her closer to him as he leaned
toward her. Their eyes and mouths were mere inches apart for the space of a
breath then Ray kissed her. Susan felt her face blush as he kissed her at the
front entrance of the school, students and faculty to see she had a man of her
own. Yet, she didn’t care. She wanted them to know she had finally found
someone to call her own after all these years of loneliness.

Ray picked Susan up after school and treated her to supper at his place. The
two dogs settled down in the corner of the kitchen with their bowls of food as
Ray and Susan enjoyed a quiet meal together.

The week continued to be cold but on Sunday they enjoyed their walk along the
lake through the snow the dogs bounding through the snow, their noses like
miniature snow plows as they looked for something to be hiding under the
surface. The thick ice that covered the lake showed where ice skaters had been
the tracks displaying their artistic styles. A veil of mist hung over the lake
as the dogs romped along the shoreline chasing the waterfowl. Susan and Ray
walking hand in hand laughed at the antics of the two canines.

The following week Susan saw little of Ray again. He never told her where he
was going or how long he would be gone. On Monday as she was leaving for her
first class she noticed his truck was gone from the driveway. As much as she
did not want to admit it, his unexplained absences bothered her. She could
only guess that he was gone again on one of his frequent trips for business,
or whatever as he had been since arriving from Colorado. She could not help
but worry. Sitting in the chair by the front window she stared out at the
street and the empty driveway next door. In the late afternoon sunlight she
could just make out a thin sliver of silver that was the lake and the path
they followed each Sunday morning for their walks together.

Susan could not help but worry. She knew it was foolish, but Ray had an effect
on her that none of the others had had before this. A closeness had developed
between them; she felt an intimacy toward Ray that she only just recognized as
an affection for him.

The weekend finally came and Ray still had not returned. She took her
customary walk to the lake. The snow from the week before still remained in
the shaded areas and in the tree lines along the west shoreline. She stopped
near the bait house to stare at the rock where they sat each Sunday; the rock
that they shared for their customary coffee, tea and pastries was as lonely as
the rocks along the New England seacoast. Turning, she whistled for Trudy and
she turned to start back home. Tears of loneliness trickled down her face. She
was lonely.

The house was stifling as she paced the confines of her living room, into the
kitchen and back to the front window. “Okay, so I am agitated,” she said to
herself. The little Chow pup looked up at her from its basket near the fire
place wondering if her mistress was talking to her. “Okay, so I have a teenage
girl’s crush on the guy – I love him.”

She had to say it out loud just to hear herself talk. Later she tried to work
on a term paper but nothing came together for her that afternoon. Her mind was
still on Ray’s prolonged absence. For the first time in a month Susan realized
just how much she missed Ray. But it was late that afternoon as she made
another try to finish the term paper. The house was quiet, Trudy asleep in her
basket. The sound of a truck engine that was all too familiar to her caught
attention. She rushed to the front window to look out to see Ray’s truck
sitting in front of the garage.

“Ray…!” she said to herself as she heard the front door of Ray’s house close
with a bang. “Ray’s home, Trudy…”

The little Chow looked up, wagging its tail as Susan talked to it with a
cheerful tone in her voice. The pup wondered what all the fuss was and if it
was time for a walk now. Susan got the leash from the hook by the door.

“Come on, Trudy, let’s go over to see Ray – and Shelia.” She put the leash on
the pup, then took a sweater from the hook, wrapping it over her shoulders as
she opened the door to step out in to the cold late day air.

Walking over to Ray’s, she stopped to look at the truck. He had pulled it into
the driveway – facing the garage. “Okay, something’s wrong with this picture,”
she thought to herself as she rang the doorbell. Ray’s admonition came back to
her: _If someone has to jump start the car, Sue, it’s a lot easier than
stretching a twenty foot set of cables between the two vehicles… _“Wonder
why?” she mused.

Looking back toward the lake, the late day sun glinted off the crystal blue
surface. Most of the waterfowl had long since departed for wherever they went
during the day. A few ducks remained, staying close to the shore. There was no
one near the water now; it was too late in the day.

She tried the door it was locked. They had known each long enough now, the
formality of knocking was no longer necessary. They usually just knocked then
entered calling out to the other. Susan rang the doorbell again. The door was
literally jerked open. Ray looked out momentarily startled to see her. Ray’s
face was ashen; his eyes showed a haunted look that she had never seen before.
Shelia peered out from behind Ray’s legs.

“Oh…Susan, honey…come on in.” His voice was leaden without emotion. Turning
away, Ray left the door open. “I’m sorry …”

The two dogs sniffed at each other as Susan took the leash off Trudy. Stepping
inside, she closed the door. Looking around the front room a moment, she
noticed nothing was out of place. Only Ray seemed out of character. She sensed
something was wrong with him. He was not himself – overly polite, formal – not
even the passionate kiss that they exchanged now, although his manners were
always formal, even with her.

The aroma of fresh coffee was the only indication that Ray was still somewhat
true to character – his strong coffee.

Following him in to the kitchen, she began: “I notice you’ve been gone all
week, Ray – is everything all right?”

Ray gave each dog a biscuit then leaned on the counter with his full weight.
He stared fixedly at the black liquid as it dripped steadily into the glass
pot. He did not respond to her question, it was as if he did not even hear her
or noticed her standing there watching him.

Leaning against the door, Susan studied him a minute. Ray did not seem to
notice. After a moment of brittle silence, she said quietly: “You don’t look
good, Ray. Are you sure you’re all right?”

Ray lifted his eyes to meet Susan’s. He nodded curtly without responding. The
look of someone who was hurting came back to her in that brief exchange. Susan
stepped forward to lay a hand on his shoulder, peering into his haunted eyes.
She was thankful for her psychology training. Running through a mental
checklist, she discarded half a dozen symptoms before deciding that something
traumatic happened to him this week. He was withdrawn; his haggard expression
displayed a deep anxiety. Simply, she knew, Ray was suffering from a traumatic
experience; she could only guess but that would be like playing solitaire with
the joker card as a wild card.

Slipping an arm about his waist, she finally asked: “Care to talk about it,
Ray?”

The first time she asked that question of him, he put her off. He shook his
head:

“In a moment, hone. Coffee?” He avoided looking at her now as he stared at the
coffee pot again. Susan knew he only wanted silence. She watched as he poured
the cups of coffee. There was no joke about it being “hot engine oil” as he
poured himself a cup. Setting the creamer and sugar in front of her, Ray took
the chair opposite her – not beside her as had become their custom.

Today, there was an artificial distance between them, even if it was the width
of the kitchen table. They sipped their coffee in silence. Susan waited for
Ray to speak first. It was important. Something bothered him, that was much
was obvious.

Drawing in a deep shuddering breath, Ray began in halting words. “Susan,” he
began setting the cup down, picking up the salt shaker, he spun it around, his
voice faint with a course rasp, “you’re a psychologist – and maybe you’ve
heard it all – I’m not sure.” He stopped to gather his thoughts, staring at
the table top and the coffee stain avoiding Susan’s penetrating gaze. Drawing
in a halting breath, Ray looked toward the kitchen window, his eyes held a
distance that Susan rarely saw even in the people she had occasion to work
with. He exchanged a look of uncertainty with Susan. Dropping his gaze back to
the table a moment he continued flexing his hand about the saltshaker.
Spinning the shaker around, Ray’s voice was distant with a course rasp: “Sue,
you’re a psychologist – and maybe you’ve heard it all – I’m not sure – I-I
suppose I can’t say for sure.”

Ray stopped. Sipped at his coffee again then looked around. He glanced toward
a place on the wall behind her, avoiding Susan’s questioning gaze. Drawing in
another shuddering breath Ray looked back at his empty coffee cup. He gestured
to Susan’s cup, she nodded her head as he poured them each a fresh cup of
coffee. Susan watched Ray a moment. She could not help but notice his eyes
held a distance that she had rarely seen even in the people she had occasion
to work with in her internship days. Putting the pot back on the coffee maker
hot plate, Ray shifted his gaze back to Susan. Lowering his eyes back to the
table, he swallowed hard.

“Susan, I suppose you recall that I have sometimes made mention of the fact I
was in the Army – twenty plus years to be exact -- and in five conflicts.” He
stopped to regard Susan’s reaction. She merely nodded her head she did recall
his occasional mentions of his career. Ray went on: “Anyway, what that means,
I was in the last one – Kuwait and Iraq – three days, HA! Little better than a
field exercise at Grafenwohr for most of us in those days.”

He stopped searching for the words.

Susan waited for him to continue. She could see what he was leading up to,
something to do with his past. He met her steady gaze with cold eyes.
Straightening up from his chair, Ray crossed the kitchen to the back door. She
watched him for a minute; Ray leaned against the door, he added with stiffness
to his words: “Do you know – or ever heard of the term Gulf Syndrome? It’s the
same or means the same as the old Agent Orange Syndrome of `Nam.”

Susan had to think a minute. One of the professors in her master’s studies
made

a brief mention of the mysterious ailment that effected thousands of the
troops operating in the south east corner of Iraq and central desert region of
Kuwait where the oil wells were located.

Ray stopped as he searched for the words. He wasn’t looking at her. He waited
for the space of a breath before she replied: “I’ve heard of it. I’m not
familiar with it. I-I’m sorry.” Then it occurred to her what Ray was trying to
tell her. “You’re not saying that you were affected by this – Gulf Syndrome
from the Gulf War, are you?”

Ray attempted to conceal his increasing depression from Susan. He said: “Yes.
They’re also applying PTSD – Post Traumatic Syndrome Disorder to it.”

She recognized the anguish in his voice. As strong as he was physically,
emotionally Ray was close to the breaking point. For the first time, Susan was
at a loss for words. She had asked for it now, now she couldn’t say she didn’t
want to know.

Mustering her own resolve to say something, Susan said: “I take it you found
this out this week.” She watched his eyes as they remained unfocused, staring
out the back door window at the back yard. She pressed on: “And this is why
you were gone those other times too – for tests?”

Now the pieces fell in to place. The answer came together too quickly. All the
signs had been there for her; the last piece fell in to place. Ray turned to
face her, leaning against the counter near the door. “I’ve known about – or
suspected it since I retired a couple years ago. Only is…” A horse chuckle
erupted from deep within his chest. “The idiots at the VA hospital in Colorado
at first were trying to tell me I got it was a nervous condition then they
turn around tell it’s really nothing. This group diagnosed it as cancer –
Cancer! I got cancer from smoking! Hell, I haven’t smoked since 1986! That was
ten damned years ago!”

Susan returned Ray’s look of sheer anger with askance.

“Cancer?” She blurted, the word rising with near shock.

Ray nodded his head shifting his gaze back to the window and the scene of snow
that still lay in patches in the corners of the yard. He began laughing with
bitterness. “Stupid, isn’t it? If I’d been fooling around with chemicals,
asbestos, or something like that, maybe. But smoking? No. Not lately, guys.”

“But from…?” Susan took hold of Ray by the shoulders. “Ray …”

There was a feral fear Ray had kept hidden from her all this time the doctors
triggered. He was scared of what lay hidden within him. She knew he could face
down any enemy but his own self.

Ray shook his head, drawing in a deep shuddering breath; the sobs erupted from
deep within him. Susan shunted her chair around to sit beside him. She held
him letting him sob out his fears.

“Great…” Susan mused. “Nobody knows anything so they tell them anything just
to make room for more.”

“Ray, let’s go for a walk, it’ll do you some good.”

Nodding Ray knew it was usually the best therapy. He finally put his arms
about her holding her tight. “You’re smarter than all of them put together.”

Susan blushed as he kissed her.

“Sorry. This has been on my mind since leaving Boston.”

“I know it’s hard and I am here to help. Let me into your life, Ray. I’ll do
what I can to help. It’s just between us, no one else needs to know.”

As soon as the dogs heard the rattle of the leases being taken from the hook
they wanted to go out.

Susan attached the leases, Ray held out her sweater then he put on his heavy
coat.

Stepping out on to the front porch, closing the door behind her, the two dogs
straining on the leashes they knew where they going. Susan and Ray hand in
hand rounded the corner down the street toward the lake’s marina.

“Come on, girls,” she said to the dogs the straining at the leases.

Ray still felt embarrassed but his whole military career he’d never had
anything close to a cold, now he’s told he has PTSD and possibly Gulf
Syndrome. How was he supposed to act?

Susan walked in to the wind, her breath whipped back in to her face as she
walked, the dogs straining at the leashes, each for their own reason. Brushing
her long flaxen hair back from her face, Susan started to question just how
bad the VA’s diagnosis was that he would be this distraught.

“I hope he doesn’t try something dumb,” she mused to the dogs, just hearing
her own words soothed her anxious mind. Following the path to the marina and
the lakeshore, Susan and Ray stopped to look around. Susan saw that their rock
and lake would be the place to start, “Someplace he is familiar with.”

Susan’s mind automatically grabbed for signs that would be markers for her.
“Someone with emotional distress will go to the familiar for security.” She
reached down to unfasten the leashes from the dogs.

The dogs raced along the shoreline their yapping barks startled a few ducks
and geese and birds feeding along the shore. Susan slowly followed wrapping
the leashes about her hand. She watched his reaction as the dogs ran up to him
looking for their treats and attention.

He seemed to be gazing out over the placid lake for a moment. The ducks and
geese settled back to the water to resume their search for food as he watched.
Glancing back he watched as Susan jogged toward him. He looked away, his hands
shoved deep into his pockets against the chill air.

Susan stopped beside him, her breath frosty white, she looked at him a moment,
it was hard to tell for the moment if his contorted features were from the
cold or his distress over the diagnosis. She chanced to ask, “Ray, are you all
right? I mean…”

Ray turned away following the embankment along the lake. “I know what you
mean. I’m okay, Sue.” He walked with his head down gazing at the ground ahead
of him. Letting his breath out in a frosty stream, he said: “There’s nothing
you can do.”

Susan watched the dogs frisk ahead of them, poking their noses in holes,
trotting through the shallow water. Ray kicked at a stone as he climbed the
hill back to the upper edge that led to the picnic area.

Seeing Ray was now ahead of her, Susan followed; her quick strides caught her
up to him. She walked beside him in silence for a few minutes. She shivered in
the cold; the sweater was not quite warm enough now. For a second she wondered
how he could stand the cold air. Then she recalled his stories of being
assigned to areas that were colder than this.

Finally, slipping her hand through his arm, Susan said: “Ray…I’m sorry if I
upset you.”

Ray smiled pulled his hand out of his pocket clasping hers. “You’re hands are
cold.”

His hand held hers with a gentle firmness. She smiled glancing down at his
hard sinewy hand grasping her smaller one. She said: “So are yours.”

He put his arm about her, holding her close. “Susan, it’s not your fault. No
…No honey, not your fault. Please. It’s all so stupid what’s happened.” The
words came in a rush as they continued walking. Ray kicked at a stone on the
path sending it skipping in to the water. “The question is, what do I do. What
do I say?”

She glanced up at him. The anguish was gone from his eyes. “But it seemed that

you need someone to talk to – who will listen to you.”

Nodding his head. “For the moment, yes. Thanks hone it didn’t do much good
though did it? Sorry I snapped at you – but I never had to deal with this.”

Ray kicked at another stone on the path.

Susan had not realized in all the years she had been single what she missed in
the feel of a man’s arm about her as they walked. The feel of Ray’s strong
arms about her gave her a sense of security that was missing from her life.

Susan knew she would have to pick out her next remarks with care.

She carefully said: “That’s not really true, Ray. Trying to deny what happened
to you even something from the past, no matter how terrible is not good.”

She paused for the moment to assess his reaction. He was listening to her. She
pressed on, making her point. She didn’t want to come across in a clinical
matter, but she had no choice: “Denying it like this, you’re only going to
hurt yourself – emotionally.”

They were on the far side of the lake. The bait shack and marina with its
sailboats and canoes was some distance away. Ray paused near the picnic area
to look out over the lake and back toward the town and their neighborhood.
Susan followed the direction he was looking. She watched two people, despite
the cold, were on the lake with a sail boat, a mild period had caused the lake
to thaw. The gusting wind caused the boat to heel over. The pair hung over the
side of the boat to counterbalance it as the wind caused it to heel again to
the opposite side. She hugged against Ray’s side watching the couple struggle
to keep the boat from heeling over on them. After a moment she said: “Ray, you
can’t keep it contained forever. Honey – there are people I know who can help
you.”

Ray and Susan as he gazed out across the wide expanse of the lake. He watched
the pair for a moment. A couple times the boat heeled far to the side the
couple struggling to keep the boat from capsizing; they hung far over the
side, their heads nearly touching the ice cold water. It all appeared idle
watching them unaware of their audience. It was like life, navigating the
rough waters without having an accident.

He finally said in a soft tone: “So who can help me now, Sue?”

Susan felt that she wanted to cry for Ray’s sake. Ray was nearly in a state of

depression, if not there already. Gripping his arm, she said: “Someone who
understands, Ray.”

Susan stopped. She wanted to add more to her remark but refrained as she met
his distraught gaze that reflected his sorrow. The anguish had returned once
more. The distress she saw in his eyes again was more than she could bear to
look at now. She knew what it meant but, she was beginning to care about him a
lot. They were finding they both enjoyed the quiet moments of their days. They
enjoyed the walks together; their dogs were the fun times together during
their walks along the lake. A glimpse at the lake, she noticed the couple had
reached the far end of the lake, nearly a mile and a half distance and had
turned the boat around; they now rode on the opposite side, still serving as a
counter balance to keep the boat from keeling on to its side. The lake’s
surface was rough and could make operating a sailboat in the winter a real
challenge; not too much unlike life itself, Susan mused.

Biting his lower lip, Ray said in a distant tone that echoed of a long
suppressed past: “Who would understand me, Sue? Who was there to see it?”

His words were strong with emotion. Ray’s voice rose in pitch, the stress was
building in him again. He stared out over the water watching the boat and its
occupant’s race back toward them from the far end of the lake, the boat
skimming over the smallwhite caps, the bow slicing through the ice-cold water,
back to the marina – and home.

Continuing, his head down again, the words were hard and strong with feeling:
“Tell me, Sue, who would understand the nightmare of a jungle fire fight in
the middle of the night, the monsoons, try to find a dry place in a jungle
during monsoon season; Korea is supposed to be a truce? Try me, or the hell of
war in the desert, its torturous heat, or when sand storms hit? Would someone
want to share these nightmares? I doubt there are too many psychiatrists
willing or able to handle the horror of a jungle or even a desert war?”

Drawing in a deep breath of the cold air, Susan spoke softly, her breath
wreathing her face, red from the cold, but Ray still heard her: “Ray, I know a
couple doctors in the area who would be able to help you. There is one who is
connected with the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota.”

Stopping, she looked up in to the heartbreaking expression of the man she had
come to fall in love with. “Please, Ray – honey, give them a chance.”

Drawing in trembling breath, Ray closed his eyes. “Sue – please don’t get me
wrong, but I – I have been there and done that with doctors already. Even VA’s
so-called doctors don’t know what to do at times – and the others wouldn’t
know what to do with it if they did.”

Susan felt a shuddering sob stick in her throat as she put her arms about him.
She said: “Ray, then if you don’t think they can help, please then give me a
chance to help you. Let me be your support.”

Drawing Susan closer, he rested his chin on her head; her hair was soft and
silky as he rested his unshaven face against her. Reaching down, he lifted her
chin with the tips of his fingers, their lips met in a brief kiss. “Thank you
– Susan, sweet heart. It does get kind of lonely – to use one of your
metaphorical terms, when you’re on an island of emotion trying to deal with a
sea of problems alone.”

Susan attempted a smile despite the cold and the surge of emotions that began
to overwhelm her. She sensed that Ray was over the worse of his experience.
She knew that she finally made the difference in one person’s life.

She said: “Ray, I am here for you – you know that. And, what you said, I never
thought of it quiet that way, I’ll have to remember that – ‘it gets kind of
lonely when you’re alone on an island of emotion trying to deal with a sea of
problems alone.’”

They continued on, Ray’s arm wrapped around Susan holding her close. Then he
stopped near the picnic area. Looking back, he watched as the couple brought
their sailboat up to the marina, the sail was dropped as it touched its berth.
The boat was docked, someone jumped onto the dock to securely lash it down,
the sail was furled; they were safely home.

Ray gazed down into Susan’s hazel eyes then said softly, the frost of his
breath carrying the words: “I love you, Susan.”

Lifting her eyes up to meet his liquid brown eyes, Susan said, with a near
whisper: “I have loved you too from the start, Ray.”

Emotion filled him as he pressed Susan against his chest, choking out the
words he said: “Marry me, Susan?”

Susan felt a swell of emotion fill her as she said: “Yes, yes, I am yours –
Ray.”

# # #

