### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 3 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-07-31. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Damaris’s POV

After I tucked the kids into bed, I threw myself onto my mattress and buried
my face in a pillow. I screamed. I screamed for the husband that would never
return to me. I screamed for the father my children would not have anymore. I
screamed for the family that was broken apart. I screamed for the unfairness
of it all. I screamed for the person I’d been with him, knowing that I’d never
be the same again. I screamed for my children, who wouldn’t remember their
father in a few years. And most of all, I screamed for the grief I knew
everyone that knew Vic would endure.

The pillow got hot and wet in moments, the salty smell of tears fogging my
mind. All I saw was a gray mist of mixed negative feelings. I didn’t notice my
hand curl into a fist tightly until I felt warm blood run down my palm. Small,
crescent-shaped cuts were embedded in my skin where my fingernails had dug in.
I let the blood drip down my arm and stain the blue quilt. I didn’t care about
the quilt anymore; Vic and I had bought it together and it reminded me too
much of him. Everything reminded me of him: the walls, the windows, the bed,
the kitchen, the pictures, the TV—the kids, too.

I suddenly went silent when I heard someone knock on the door. I sat up and
wiped my face before hiding my hands. I put the wet side of the pillow on the
bloody quilt, covering up the dark red spot. “Come in,” I said quietly. Haidin
opened the door and looked at me with her big dark eyes.

“Mommy? Are you okay?”

“Yes, honey, I’m fine. Are you okay?”

Haidin hesitated. “I miss Daddy. Was Mr. Garner right? Will Daddy ever come
back?” I sighed.

“No, Haidin. Daddy won’t come back.”

“Oh.” Haidin crawled onto the bed and into my lap. My palms were scarred now;
no blood flowed anymore. I stroked her blond hair and kissed the top of her
forehead. “Mommy?”

“Yes?”

“Will my and Dylan ever get another Daddy?”

My heart skipped a beat. “Yes, Haidin, you will. But in a while.”

“How long?”

“I don’t know, honey.” I stared at the family picture on the wall, an enlarged
version of the one in my wallet. “I don’t know.”

Haidin fell asleep in my arms after a few minutes. I took her to her room and
pulled the covers over her small body. I stood in front of my bedroom door for
five minutes until I decided to go downstairs. I sank into the softness of the
pillows on the couch and draped a fleece blanket over me. Les Misérables was
playing on ABC, so I kept it on and watched until the end. By the time it
finished, I wasn’t even watching anymore. I was gazing at memories of Vic and
me before we had Haidin and Dylan, our first Christmas together, our wedding,
our first anniversary, the day I found out I was pregnant, the trips we took
to the hospital; then I saw Haidin and Dylan in my arms the minute after they
were born, our first family trip to our summer house in South Carolina, the
look of pride on Vic’s face when the twins said their first word
(surprisingly, at the same exact time), when Vic helped them learn to ride
their bikes last year…

Memories and images and videos played in my mind as I drifted off to sleep in
front of the TV. I dreamed of a train. I sat beside Vic—we were holding
hands—and we were laughing. Vic was telling me an old joke about his best
friend’s best man speech at our wedding. I looked at our linked fingers and
saw no ring on my left hand. We weren’t married yet. But how could he be
telling a joke about our wedding if it hadn’t happened? As I realized this,
the scene began to fade and dissolve into a different scene. I was in the sky,
watching from above. A train was speeding along its tracks smoothly until it
hit something on the ground. It veered off to the side and tumbled, rolling
heavily down a steep hill. The spinning wheels caught fire and the metal cars
erupted into flames, the orange and red colors bursting and dancing. The
flames zoomed across the top of the cars, consuming each car. No passengers
evacuated; no doors opened. Somehow, the version of me that was in the dream
knew that Vic was on that train. She knew that he would never come back.

I awoke to see Dylan staring at me curiously. He had inherited his father’s
eyes, which were light brown. Haidin got her eyes from neither of us. Mine
were light blue, whereas hers were dark, almost black. I almost asked Dylan
where his father was out of routine habit, but I swallowed the words as
quickly as they arose. “Hi honey. Do you need something?” I sat up and patted
the couch next to me.

“I’m hungry.”

I looked at the clock on the wall—it was eight-thirty. Haidin was probably up,
too. “Alright, let’s go get you something to eat.” I shuffled into the kitchen
and pulled out a chair for him at the island. I picked him up and placed him
in the chair before leaning on the marble counter. “What do you want? It’s
Saturday.”

“Pancakes!” Dylan paused. “With chocolate chips.” I smiled and opened the
cabinet to get the flour and sugar. A small envelope addressed to me was taped
to the inside of the door. I frowned and opened it, revealing a short letter
written in handwriting I knew too well.

My dearest Damaris,

I know that if you are reading this letter, I am gone. But the truth is, I was
never going to go to the city at all. I will be leaving in a few minutes for a
small town close to Atlanta. Do you remember when I went on a business trip a
few months back to Georgia? While I was there, I met someone.

I gasped, my hand flying to cover my mouth.

I took her for a cup of coffee out of respect and not wanting to be rude, but
she has attached herself to me. Please try not to be angry with me; this is my
decision. I cannot deal with this any longer and Olivia won’t stop trying to
visit me here until I agree to divorce you, which I would never do. She is
dangerous. She doesn’t know where we live, and it’s best to keep it that way.
When I’m gone, you should take the kids and move to the city. The kids don’t
need a house now; they can be happy in an apartment. I showed them their new
home when I took them to my office last week and they loved it. Everything is
already taken care of. The address is at the end of this letter, but first, I
must explain a little more. I don’t want to leave my family, but it’s the only
way I can keep you safe. Olivia will not stop until she finds me, which is why
I’ll be changing my identity and faking a death. Please; don’t try to find me.
It’s not safe for you and our children.

I love you.

\- Vic

