### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 4 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Damaris's POV

I stared at the paper. Vic was _alive?_ He wasn’t on the train?

“Mommy?”

Dylan’s voice snapped me out of my daze. It’d be best if he didn’t know about
this. “Yes, honey? I’m making the pancakes right now.” I shoved the letter in
my pocket and got the rest of the ingredients. I mixed them together and
heated up a pan. “What do you want to do today?”

“Elliot said I could go to his house today and meet Oliver.” I frowned.

“When did Mr. Garner say that?”

“When we were playing with cars yesterday. Can we go?”

One of the pancakes was a little burnt so I put it on my plate instead of
Dylan’s. “I guess so. Do you think Haidin will want to come?”

“Yeah. Elliot said we could all go and have a picnic.”

“He said that?”

“Yup. We can bring sandwiches and chips and cookies and ice cream and—” Dylan
kept talking but I couldn’t hear what he was saying. Instead, I was focusing a
spider on the other side of the window. Then I heard a scream. I turned around
and saw that Haidin had slipped on the stairs. She was crying and screaming. I
rushed over to her and picked her up, checking her head and asking if she was
okay.

“Mommy, my-my head h-hurts,” Haidin whimpered between sobs. I nodded.

“I know honey, I know. Does anything else hurt?”

“I can’t feel my pinky. See?” Haidin held up her right hand. I bit down on my
lip to keep myself from screaming. Her finger was bent at a horrifying angle.
I turned off the stove and grabbed Dylan’s hand, running to the car in the
garage. I drove to the hospital a little faster than usual while I used
Bluetooth to call my friend in the car.

“Josephine? Hey, it’s Damaris. I think Haidin broke her finger. Would you mind
taking Dylan to a friend’s house for the day?”

“Yeah, sure. I’ll meet you at the hospital. Are you going to the one in
Mercy?”

“Yes. I’ll give you the address.”

“Alright.” Josephine hung up as I pulled into the parking lot. Haidin, using
her good hand, reached up and I picked her up. Dylan walked beside us until we
reached the front desk, where I told him to sit close by. We sat together
until Josephine arrived and smiled at the twins. “How’s it going, Haidin? Does
your pinky hurt?”

Haidin shook her head. “I can’t feel it.” Josephine scrunched up her nose.

“Well, that stinks.” She turned to me. “You have the address?”

I smacked my forehead. “Right. I have to call him and ask. Give me a second. I
totally forgot.” I dialed Elliot’s number and prayed he’d pick up. “Elliot!
Hi, it’s Damaris.”

“Oh, hey, Damaris.”

“Yeah, um…so Dylan told me he was invited to your house to meet Oliver?” I
waited as Elliot responded.

“He can come over any time you want. And you and Haidin can come too.”

“Haidin and I can’t come—we’re at the hospital—but is it okay if my friend
Josephine drives him over?”

“What happened?”

“Haidin broke her pinky. Where do you live?”

Elliot recited the address and I wrote it down, handing the paper to Josephine
after I was done. I silently thanked her as she walked away with Dylan.
Josephine was my best friend since college; she was the one who introduced me
to Vic. She was my maid of honor since I had no siblings and sometimes took
care of the kids while Vic and I went on a short vacation. A nurse called
Haidin’s name while I was talking to Elliot about this morning when Haidin
fell on the stairs.

“”I have to go now, but I’ll call you back sometime later when I come to pick
Dylan up. Bye, Elliot. And thank you for having him.”

“No problem.” Haidin and I followed the nurse into a small room.

“We’re going to take a quick x-ray to see how badly you hurt yourself, okay?”
the nurse asked Haidin. I held her good hand while the nurse took the x-rays.
“Well, Miss Haidin, it looks like you broke your finger! How did this happen?”

“I was coming downstairs because I could smell Mommy’s pancakes when I slipped
on the rug and fell.”

“Oh, I remember doing that when I was seven. It hurt a lot. I’m just going to
splint this; you don’t need a cast. What color tape do you want?”

“Pink!” Haidin squealed. The nurse smiled and put Haidin’s splint on.

“You’ll have to change the tape daily,” she told me.

We left the hospital half an hour later. I called Elliot to see how Dylan was.

* * *

Elliot’s POV

My cellphone rang as I watched Dylan play video games with Oliver. They were
getting along well; it was like they were brothers. “Hello?”

“It’s Damaris.”

“Oh, hey Damaris. How is Haidin?”

“She’s fine. She got a splint. How are Dylan and Oliver?”

“They’re having plenty of fun. I think they’re playing Mariokart right now.
Would you and Haidin like to come over?” Damaris didn’t answer. “Damaris?”

“Haidin? What do you think? Do you want to see Mr. Garner and Oliver today?” I
heard Damaris ask.

“Sure!” Haidin’s voice was bubbly and light. “Can we go now?”

“Now is perfect,” I replied. Damaris hung up and ten minutes later, I heard a
car pull up in the driveway. It only took one knock until I opened the door
and let the two of them inside. “How are you?”

“I’m fine, thank you,” said Damaris.

“My head doesn’t hurt anymore,” replied Haidin. I nodded and ruffled her hair.
Damaris bit her lip for a split second. If I hadn’t been looking at her, I
wouldn’t have noticed. I assumed it was because her husband used to do that
and I reminded her of him.

“Haidin, honey, why don’t you go find the boys? I need to talk to Mr. Garner
for a minute.” Haidin nodded and ran off, her giggles trailing behind her.
“There was a note.”

I stared at her. “A-a note?”

“Vic’s not dead.” My eyes widened as we sat on the couch, Damaris’s head
resting on her palm. “He met a woman on a business trip a few months ago and
she’s trying to track him down. He left for our safety and he’s not coming
back.” I could see she was struggling to hide her emotions; she was swallowing
constantly and biting her lip. I put my arm around her, letting her rest her
head on my shoulder. A tear trickled down her face, and soon, she fell asleep.

