### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 5 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Elliot's POV

_2 years later_

_ _

“Damaris!” I called. We were having a picnic in the park with the kids. My
love grew for Damaris and now I was head over heels for her, and to my
delight, she started showing signs also. They weren’t obvious, like a kiss or
something, but it was a start. It had been two years since her husband left
and we’d become friends. I knew I was in love with this woman, and I knew
Oliver saw her as a mother. He didn’t call her Mom, but I could tell he liked
her. I came to love Haidin and Dylan like they were my own children. The topic
of Vic didn’t come up too much unless Damaris spoke about him. Sometimes she
pointed out places or restaurants they’d gone to. I knew she missed him, but
she’d come to accept his decision.

Damaris walked over to the blanket and sat down next to me. “You have to call
the kids for the popsicles because they don’t listen to me,” I told her.
Damaris laughed.

“Sure they do. They just don’t follow your orders,” she replied. I glared at
her until she relented. “Alright. You’re no fun, Elliot. Dylan! Haidin!
Oliver! Come here!” I saw their shoulders slump because they had to stop their
game of tag. It wasn’t really tag at all; it was more like Oliver and Dylan
chasing Haidin until they got tired. She was fast and could outrun anyone. I
remembered last year, when Damaris and the twins came to the mini-marathon to
watch Oliver compete. Haidin said she wanted to run with them, but Damaris
said she wasn’t old enough yet. Haidin protested until her mother asked the
man in charge if she could run. He said yes.

Haidin beat every kid by at least ten seconds.

The twins had purple juice all over their mouths and faces when they finished
eating their grape popsicles. Oliver’s tongue was green; Damaris and I stuck
with cherry so it didn’t show as much. Her lips were bright red, like petals
of a rose. It was all I could do to not kiss her right then and there. I
reminded myself that the kids were here and she wasn’t fully over Vic yet. I
had a feeling that deep down inside, she hoped he might come back someday, but
she didn’t show it. The only time she cried in front of Haidin and Dylan was
at Vic’s funeral. Our excuse was that his body was never found, burned by the
fire. I didn’t know who Olivia was, but she hadn’t bothered us at all these
past two years. I assumed she’d forgotten about her search for Vic and found
someone else to cling to.

“Maybe I could take them to the amusement park tomorrow,” Damaris mused. “They
haven’t been there in a while. You could come with Oliver.”

“Sounds great,” I said. I couldn’t stop staring at someone behind her, a woman
in a blue sundress and sunglasses. Even though she wore glasses, I could tell
she was looking straight at us. She sat on a bench about thirty feet away with
her legs crossed and a purse in hand. She had a dog with her, a small black
ball of fur. This woman was definitely a city girl.

“Elliot.” Damaris poked me in the ribs.

“Yeah?”

“What are you staring at?”

“Nothing. Just admiring the view of the bland buildings and windows,” I
muttered. Damaris laughed.

“Yes, they really are a delight to see, aren’t they?” When I looked up, the
woman in blue was gone, her dog nowhere to be seen as well. “Elliot? Is
something bothering you?”

I shook my head. “Just concerned about the time, that’s all.” I didn’t want to
cause any suspicion, for Damaris’s sake and the kids’. “When do you want to
head back?”

Damaris shrugged. “I don’t know. Maybe twenty minutes?” I nodded and leaned
back, resting my weight on my hands. Damaris lay down next to me, her shoulder
brushing my elbow as she settled onto the blanket. “How old are you?”

I looked at her curiously. “Thirty-four. Why do you ask?”

“I don’t know; I just never knew your age. I’m thirty-one.”

“I know, Damaris. You didn’t know my age on my birthday last year? And this
year?” Damaris shrugged again, her pale blue eyes fixed on something in the
sky. I looked up to see a plane flying overhead.

“I wonder where that plane is going. Maybe Maui, or Hawaii. Or Guatemala. Vic
and I used to play this game all the time before we had the twins.” There was
a faraway effect on her voice; it was like she was in a different place. She
was physically here, in the park, but her mind was somewhere else.

“Ellie and I used to do something like that. We’d pick a car and say where it
was going. Once, we got so competitive that she made me pull over so she could
ask where the family was going. We laughed like crazy after that.” I cherished
the memories I had with Ellie. She made me a better man and a better father.
Without her, I’d be a big-shot CEO asshole.

I glanced at Damaris, who seemed to be studying me. I watched as she
absentmindedly played with the ring on her finger, the one she hadn’t taken
off. I didn’t keep mine; instead, I kept it in a box at home, with Ellie’s
engagement ring box, her favorite necklace, and other things that reminded me
of her. In her own way, Damaris was a lot like Ellie. I glanced at the kids
and stood up immediately. The woman in blue was talking to Haidin, and Haidin
looked slightly scared. The woman seemed to be yelling at her, her fingers
clutching the purse so hard they were white.

I pulled Damaris up and together we ran to Oliver and the twins. “Excuse me,”
Damaris said sharply, “may I ask what your business is with my children?”

Blue Woman looked up at her and smiled, but it wasn’t genuine; it didn’t reach
her eyes. “I’m sorry, this is a misunderstanding. I was just asking her where
her parents were; she seemed alone.”

“Well, I appreciate the gesture, but I am her mother.”

Blue Woman looked at me. “And you are her father?”

I looked at Damaris. “Her father isn’t here.”

Blue Woman nodded. “Well, I’m Olivia Bismarck. It’s a pleasure to meet the
both of you.” She stuck out her hand and I shook it.

“Elliot Garner, and my son is Oliver.” Olivia looked down at Oliver and
smiled.

“Damaris Stone, and my twins are Haidin and Dylan.” Damaris shook Olivia’s
cold hand with an edge in her voice. I instinctively placed a protective hand
on her back.

Olivia paused. “Are you, by any chance, Ms. Stone, related to Victor Stone?”

Damaris opened her mouth then closed it. We still hadn’t forgotten about the
woman who caused Vic to leave: Olivia. _This_ was Olivia. She didn’t look like
a sociopath to me, but looks could always be deceiving. “Vic was my husband.
He died in a train accident two years ago.”

Olivia gasped. “Oh my goodness, I didn’t know. I’m so sorry; I shouldn’t have
asked, Mrs. Stone—”

“It’s okay, really.” Damaris looked at me as if to say, _are you thinking what
I’m thinking?_

Olivia nodded. “Well, I really should be going now. I have a meeting I need to
get to. It was a pleasure meeting you all.” She turned and walked off. I could
see that Damaris was surprised and afraid, but I doubt the kids noticed. It
was only when we got back to Damaris’s apartment—which she’d moved into two
years ago under Vic’s instructions—she confessed to me. Oliver was supposed to
sleep over tonight, which probably meant I’d stay too. If not, I’d leave after
midnight.

“That’s the Olivia Vic talked about in the letter,” Damaris said angrily.
“She’s the reason he left and she acted like she didn’t know anything! That
bitch doesn’t even know what she’s done—”

“Damaris, she thinks he died in the train crash. _Everyone _believes that. And
I doubt she’ll pose any kind of threat now that she knows Vic’s not here.” I
refrained from saying ‘gone’ because I knew Damaris hated that.

