### Rulers of Terrace View 25 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-08-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** UPON REQUEST!! I must add additional parts because I have gotten feedback and I want to continue to please my readers. Thank you for reading 

* * *

**Part 25!**

**Feedback needed! Thanks a lot! **

But after I go to bed, I get a visitor. I am woken up by rocks hitting my
window and I check my clock. 1 AM. Rocks? I realize I put my cellphone on ‘do
not disturb’ mode. But I wonder what is so urgent that I am needed at 1 AM.

I go over to my window and gaze out. Below me, on the lawn are a few men. I
recognize one of them to be Wyatt and another to be Tony. What the hell? I
also realize, after Tony does a face-palm that I am wearing only a tiny tank
top and little booty shorts. I turn bright red although I am thankful that
they can’t see what shade of embarrassingly red my face has become. I duck out
of sight quickly, get dressed (in yoga capris and a t-shirt) and open the
window.

I’ve thought about leaving my room this way before but never had a chance to
test it until now. I take out the screen, and crawl out onto the tree growing
right outside my window. I close the window again and lower myself down the
tree. When I near the bottom, Wyatt and Tony approach the base of the tree
quickly. I feel so, protected.

“I’ve got ya,” Wyatt says with a smile.

“Don’t you dare touch her, you heathen,” Tony says, wrestling with him for the
spot under me.

“Don’t make me hurt you, old man,” Wyatt shoots back. Both men are grinning at
each other and I have never seen such, almost paternal affection between Aaron
and Tony. To Tony, Aaron is something more, something like what Aaron is to
me.

But seeing Tony this playful and fatherly to someone makes me smile. So when
the wrestling males look up, I am grinning down at them.

“She’s mine!” Tony pushes Wyatt and Wyatt goes flying, somewhat away.

“Jump!” Tony says to me, his arms outstretched.

“Oh no you don’t!” Wyatt growls and flat-out, full-on tackles Tony. Wyatt
stands, while Tony remains on the ground both groaning and laughing.

Wyatt approaches the tree now and the guys behind him are snickering.

“You two boneheads done now?” one of them hisses.

Wyatt ignores them and holds his arms up to me. I hesitate to slide off.

“Trust me,” he says, adding a smile. I blush, and slide off, somehow
gracefully. I also land gracefully, almost lightly in his arms. I wouldn’t be
able to replicate it in a million years. Wyatt grins at me in the moonlight
and I blush. He sets me down and grabs my hand. And then we are all off into
the night.

A few houses down, we all pile into a dark big SUV.

“What the hell is going on?” I hiss at them. Tony gives me a big smile.

“We have some work to do.”

We stake out what is supposed to be HQ for the enemy camp according to our
information from the hooded bus man. Wyatt sits next to me and winks.

“So, this is so exciting, isn’t it? The life of a town mogul is interesting
stuff.” He smiles at me, and his smile isn’t as lustrous as Aaron’s, but it
can definitely hold its own. “Not stuff a pretty one like you would be
interested in,” Wyatt says. I blush furiously now and look away.

Wyatt reaches over to me but before his hand can touch me at all, there is a
resounding slapping sound.

“Ouch,” I hear Wyatt say. I look over. Tony has slapped Wyatt’s hand and is
now squeezing the life out of it. “Okay, okay I get it. No touchy.”

“I’m watching you.” Tony squints at Wyatt now. I know that even though Tony
isn’t being half as stern as he could be, he doesn’t like scolding Wyatt. But
Aaron is more respected by Tony. So Tony will scold Wyatt any day for him.

“There, look, there!” Wyatt says to Tony. He points at a man walking out of
the side of the building.

“Yeah, watch him,” Wyatt says again.

“You think that’s…”

“There’s a good chance.”

I have no idea what they’re talking about so I space out. But they continue to
talk about the headquarters and confirming information. I hope Max hasn’t
looked into anything too deeply yet. I have to talk to him about it. I’m sure
I can find some way to keep him from seeking any vigilante justice in my
honor.

And by the time all the boys seemed to figure out their next move it is
already 4 and I won’t get much more sleep now. Max 4.5 hours.

When we get back to my neighborhood the men sneak me back to my yard and lift
me to the tree so I can climb back into my window, wave them goodnight and
crawl into bed after stripping to my skimpy PJs.

I don’t wake up easily 2 hours later. I sit up groggily and try to gather my
body parts so I can force movement upon them. When I finally gather my being,
I drag myself from by bed and clothe my aching and tired body. I go to the
bathroom and look at myself after washing my face. Usually if I look in the
mirror after waking up I just get depressed. But this morning when I look in
the mirror I still look as tired and haggard as after I woke up. I try to
write it off as being extra tired and convince myself it will fade soon. I
finally make my way down to kitchen, and when I enter, both my brother and my
mom stare. My dad is long gone by now, off to work for 12 hours. He works 6-6.

My mom has been really happy since the move since my dad makes really good
money now. He can afford more than ever before. And I witnessed this during
their anniversary a month ago, when he presented her with a beautiful diamond
necklace. All our mouths dropped open and we stared. My mom and I both stared
with burning hunger and the males watched us in amusement. My mom cried.

“What?” I ask them. Apparently my tiredness hasn’t faded. I know a large
portion of my exhausted feeling is self-inflicted from obsessing and worrying
about Aaron.

“Are you okay?” my mom asks, suspicious.

“I’m fine, why?”

“You… don’t look so good.”

“I’m fine,” I lie. I want to tell her that I don’t feel well so badly. But I
can’t. I have to be available for him, for Aaron. I feel beyond tired. It’s
the first time that’s I’ve felt exhausted, both slightly body but most mind
and soul.

“Okay,” my mom says, overly obviously how much she is faking. I roll my eyes
but say nothing.

“Seriously?” Max asks my mom.

I ignore them both and grab some cash from the drawer for a pretzel for lunch
or something. I head towards the door.

“Layla!” my mom says, sounding upset. I turn back towards her. “Give me a
hug,” she says. I go to her and give her an empty hug. When she holds me
tightly, I think of Aaron, and how I want to be in his arms instead of hers.

“I love you, Mom,” I say, before heading towards the door.

“I love you too sweetie,” my mom says, her voice cracking.

At school, the weirdest thing happens. After my second period Geometry class,
I am heading to Chemistry when I am intercepted by someone I am familiar with
but has never spoken to me before. His name is Mike and he is great at sports,
which means (like Aaron) he is far out of my league. But he approaches _me_.

“Hey, Layla, right?”  
I look around when he speaks despite the fact he uses my name. This makes him
laugh. I smile at him although I have no idea why I am smiling.

“You know Aaron Jeffers?”

My stomach sinks. Of course. I’m not important without him. But when I look
into this kid’s eyes I begin to realize something… I am more important with
him than, than maybe even Aaron himself. But I am still scared and unsure
despite the affection we’ve shown each other recently. I know that Aaron has
the capacity to be ruthless like his father, even if I haven’t seen it yet. I
can’t deny this question so I nod.

“Can you help me with something?” he asks.

Help him? This is the moment that I first taste the lust for power.

“Can you help _me_ with something?” I shoot back. He smiles. This is fun.

“Let’s talk, Dawson,” he says, slipping a piece of paper into my hand. We part
ways before I look at the paper.

_2nd period lunch, music hallway._

Everyone knows that during lunch periods the music hallway is basically
abandoned due to the music students desperate for a break from their rigorous,
audition-entry-only curriculum. They only have 2nd lunch to rest or eat.
Almost none of them stay behind.

So when I meet Mike in the music hallway during 2nd period lunch, no one is
around. And I hope he has something important and relevant to talk about. He
approaches nervously, looking around. I get the feeling he is embarrassed to
be seen around me and I raise one of my eyebrows at him. At first it seems he
doesn’t notice but then he looks at me again and holds up his hands, looking
slightly scared.

“I’m nervous because if anyone sees me they will spread rumors about you and
me and,” he cuts himself off very quickly and abruptly. I know what he is
thinking and going to say. He was going to say that the rumors would spread
about us and then his ass would get kicked.

“What’s up?” I ask, sounding much more relaxed than I actually am. He looks at
me carefully.

“You really are her, aren’t you?” he asks. I look at him, thoroughly confused.
He reads me easily. “You mean you don’t know?”

“Please stop speaking so cryptically,” I ask.

“Okay, fine. For those of us who have lived here for a while,” he pauses and
shoots me a look. I squint back at him and he seems to become frightened
again. While I am staring at him, now very muddled, he continues his
explanation.

“…we have seen Aaron and his relationships fizzle. But two summers ago, when
Aaron and his friend, Greg I think, were at the boardwalk and a psychic
predicted this exact thing. She said Aaron would experience great pain and
also great happiness. We didn’t know what the pain would be but we thought
that the happiness would be a girl in his life.” He pauses again dramatically,
but I am too lost in his story to beg him to continue.

Instead of me begging, he pauses, looks away from me for a few moments and
then returns to his former position. I watch him, waiting patiently, trying
not to irritate or aggravate the person with the information.

“We knew he would hit the jackpot soon. And the jackpot is you, Layla. Not
because you’re pretty or smart or caring even though you are all those things.
You are the jackpot because how happy you make him. I’ve never seen him like
this before.”

“You’ve never…” I can’t finish the sentence because it makes me blush.

“Listen, is there any way you can ask him to help his friend Michael Kenton
out? I need some help with baseball club teams.”

“Okay, fine. I can bring it up to him when he feels better.” And this is the
promise I make to all four additional people that approach me by the end of
the school day. I barely have time to talk to my friends or even eat lunch.

But I do get a text during lunch from Sadie. I read it while I try to shove
half a sandwich down my throat before the bell rings.

_He just spoke. But they say he could still have some residual symptoms of a
concussion/head injury. _

I am relieved about the first sentence but wish the text stopped there. I
thank her anyway for keeping me updated. That’s all I hear for the rest of the
school day.

And by the time the day is over I am thoroughly exhausted and terrified to see
or think of Aaron. But before I can reach the bus, my code-red target, I am
intercepted. By Tony. I close my eyes and sigh.

“Layla!?” Tony cries, and I can hear him approach. He thinks I am going to
pass out. I open my eyes and look at him.

“Do I really look that bad?” I ask.

“So apparently you don’t feel as bad as you look, then.”

“No I feel fine. Other than slight fatigue, dehydration, hunger but most
importantly the overwhelming need to find out if Aaron is okay. Everything
else I can cure with a little time at home.”

“He’s okay. But you should not see him like this.”

“No of course not! That would just make him worry. I would hate to do that to
him.” I look down at my feet, imagining the puzzled look on his face, the
guilt building in my stomach.

“It’s okay,” Tony says gently. I look up at smile at him, my stomach beginning
to feel better already. We approach the car, again a plain-looking car. I
suppose Aaron wanted Tony to fit in as much as possible in a public school. He
didn’t want to embarrass me with a fancy car to pick me up.

But I think he already knows I am doomed regardless. Being chosen or favorited
by the Jeffers family, particularly Aaron, is like being kissed by the Gods.
And although I know it’s silly, I feel privileged and special because he likes
me somehow. Therefore, I am doomed to suffer the envious wrath of my peers for
as long as I am in the spotlight because of his affinity for me.

And I know of the rumors and bets circulating about how long I will last and
how I even became relevant to Aaron. It seems I can’t even answer these
questions myself. I have no idea what is going on and why. I’m just a girl
from North Carolina who used to enjoy reading and art before my sad
infatuation with all things Jeffers.

I climb in the car when Tony holds open the door for me. I put on my seatbelt
and we pull away from the school, once again parked near the road.

“How is he, how is everything?” I ask, my voice sounding weak and unfamiliar.

“Last time I saw him he was awake, lucid, but… having a _minor_ setback.”

“By minor setback you mean he’s in pain. He isn’t not drugged, so, a lot of
pain.”

Tony glances at me quickly, but is silent.

“Not even close, Tony. That euphemism was just a flat-out lie,” I complain. “A
bad one.”

“You’re really going to hate this,” Tony says, turning the car away from the
direction of the hospital.

“What the hell is going on?” I ask.

“He’s been discharged, he’s home on bed rest, being waited on.” He says this
like it’s a positive thing.

“You think that’s better than the hospital?!”

“Well, yes, yes I do.”

“Why?!”

“Now he gets constant care.”

“He got constant, efficient care at the hospital,” before I can finish my
thought Tony cuts me off.

“Efficient means neglectful.”

“He’s stronger than you give him credit for.”

“I just know him better,” he snaps at me. I swallow. “I’m… I’m sorry,” he
says.

“Listen, genius, hospitals have _doctors_. Where are the doctors at his
house?” I asks, holding up my hands and shrugging. There is silence.

“See?” I give him a mean smirk and then look away.

_Holy shit._ What the hell is wrong with me?

I’m never this mean to my friends and especially not my elders. I have no idea
what got in to me. Oh, no. I can’t be drunk on power yet! I’m only just
getting well acquainted with everyone. I try to pretend that everything is
okay but I am puzzled when we don’t turn down a road that leads to my house.
Instead, Tony drives in the direction of the Jeffers estate. I look at him,
genuinely confused.

“Cooper wants to see you,” Tony answers the question without me asking. I am
silent.

“I can’t, I’m grounded.”

“This is important.”

“So you would rather me get in trouble with my parents?”

“Just leave them to me, okay? I’ll figure something out.” He gives me a
reassuring smile. I get nervous as we approach the Jeffers estate.

“What happened last night? What were we doing?”

He looks at me seriously for a moment. I am intrigued by his look.

“Listen, please, none of this can get back to Aaron. If he knew what we’ve…”
he trails off but I continue to stare, confused. He senses my confusion.

“Please, just don’t mention _any_ of it to him.”

“Okay, sure. I wasn’t planning on it anyway. He has enough to worry about.”

Now Tony smiles at me.

“I knew you would understand. You’re a smart girl.” He gives me a playful wink
and I can’t help but to blush a little. My stomach drops as we enter the
driveway. I don’t want to talk to Cooper. My ignorance will be glaringly
obvious.

“What did we do last night? If I am going to be a part of this, even remotely,
I should be well-informed.”

Tony looks at me, hesitant.

“Cooper will talk to you about it. He told us to leave you in the dark for
now. Knowledge can be very dangerous, Layla.”

Something about the way he says this makes my hair stand on end.

“Okay,” I say, falling silent as we enter the giant garage, or “car bay”. We
both stop talking and when I get out, Cooper is standing, waiting for us. He
has a few people I don’t recognize standing around him. They look like
businesspeople. He approaches me.

