### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 6 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Elliot's POV

“Damaris, she thinks he died in the train crash. _Everyone _believes that. And
I doubt she’ll pose any kind of threat now that she knows Vic’s not here.” I
refrained from saying ‘gone’ because I knew Damaris hated that. I made the
mistake of saying it once before and I wasn’t going to make it again. Damaris
had lashed out at me and didn’t speak to me for a week. Not fun.

“True…” Damaris sighed and took two glasses from the cupboard, pouring
Chardonnay in each. I took a sip and sat back against the kitchen chair. “It
didn’t make a difference.” Damaris’s eyes narrowed.

“What didn’t make a difference?”

“That Vic left. She still found us. It wasn’t a coincidence that we met her in
the park. She’s probably watching us—been watching us for some time now. I’m
sorry I’ve sucked you into this mess.”

“Well someone has to protect you.”

Damaris rolled her eyes. “Really, though. I appreciate you being here. You’re
the greatest friend I’ve ever had.”

That hurt. I was just a friend.

* * *

Damaris’s POV

As much as it pained me to say those words, I knew I had to. I was only going
to hurt myself if I let myself love Elliot. He didn’t love me the way I knew I
probably loved him. He thought of me as a friend; I could tell. Nothing even
close to romantic happened between us these past two years. Nothing.

* * *

Elliot’s POV

I instantly regretted keeping my distance from her. I didn’t ask her on a date
or kiss her or sleep with her or do anything romantic even though I wanted to.
She lost her husband and I wasn’t going to help by asking her if she wanted to
go a date with me. I wanted to tell her I loved her but I was just a friend.

* * *

Damaris’s POV

I stared at the glass of wine in my hand for a moment before drinking half of
it in one gulp. Elliot raised his eyebrows. “Are you okay?”

I made a face and set my glass down on the marble countertop. “I’m fine.” The
words felt foreign as they left my mouth. Elliot reached over and took my
hand, covering it with his.

“Damaris, tell me the truth.”

“I’m fine.”

“Damaris.” Elliot frowned at me. “Please.”

I wasn’t about to ruin our friendship by telling him that I loved him, so I
said, “Really, Elliot, I’m fine. I’m just worried about Olivia finding us. I
want the kids to be safe.”

* * *

Elliot’s POV

I wasn’t satisfied with the answer—I knew she wasn’t telling me something—but
I also knew she didn’t want to talk about the subject any longer, so I simply
nodded and sat back, taking a sip of my wine.

* * *

Damaris’s POV

I could tell Elliot was suspicious, but to my relief, he dropped the subject
and started talking about something else. That was one of the things I loved
most about him: he knew what I needed and when I needed it. We talked for a
while, sipping wine, while the kids watched a movie. As we were talking about
where the kids would be sleeping, I suddenly remembered that I forgot the
change the sheets in the guest room. My parents slept over a few days ago and
I still hadn’t done the laundry. Where was Elliot supposed to sleep?

“I can sleep on the couch. Don’t worry about it, Damaris.”

I shook my head. “No, you should sleep on a bed. You can sleep in my room and
I’ll sleep on the couch,” I told him after we shut the door to the kids’ room.

“No,” Elliot argued. “You’re not sleeping on your own couch.”

“Well then, what are we going to do? I can get an air mattress—”

“Don’t go through the trouble. How about I sleep on the couch and you sleep—”

“No!” I exclaimed. “Look. Why don’t we both sleep on my bed? We’ll both be
comfortable and we’ll stay on different sides. This way we don’t have to go
through any more trouble.” I looked evenly at Elliot.

He sighed and ran his hand through his dark hair. “Alright.” We cleaned up,
got dressed, and got under the covers. I turned off the light and closed my
eyes. I heard Elliot’s breathing even out and waited a few minutes until I was
absolutely sure he was asleep. Then I slipped out of bed and went downstairs,
getting a blanket and pillow for myself. I settled down on the couch, but
before I could close my eyes, I heard footsteps upstairs. They were too heavy
to be the kids’, so I knew it was Elliot.

“Shit,” I whispered, and turned my head so he wouldn’t see my face, burying my
nose into the couch. I pretended to be asleep as the lights came on and Elliot
cursed.

“Goddammit, Damaris. I told you not to sleep on your own couch.” I bit my lip
and tried to focus on making my breathing steady. “I know you’re not asleep.”
I sighed and sat up, twisting my hair over one shoulder.

“You should sleep on a bed.”

“So should you. Come on, Damaris. Just sleep upstairs in your own bed. I can
sleep on the couch.”

I glared at him. “No.”

“How about we stick to the plan and both sleep in your bed?” Elliot smirked at
me and folded his arms, leaning against the staircase railing. There were a
few moments of silence before I finally relented. Elliot wasn’t going to let
me have my way so I was going to have to sleep upstairs.

I crawled into bed again and shut my eyes, trying to sleep. It was no use
going downstairs again; he’d know if I left the room. I drifted off sometime
later, thinking about Vic and Olivia and Elliot.

When I woke up, I felt Elliot’s arms around my waist. I sat up quickly and
rubbed my eyes. Elliot awoke beside me, confused. “We were spooning,” I
sighed. Elliot’s eyes widened before he sat up, the covers dropping from his
chest. I saw his muscles beneath his white shirt, and as he got out of bed and
stood up, I noticed he was hard beneath his boxers, too. I looked away before
he could see my blush and stood up. “I’m going to take a shower,” I declared,
running into the bathroom. The hot water woke me up completely and refreshed
my senses, wiping all of last night’s awkwardness away.

As I stepped out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around me, I heard
Elliot talking. I went back into the bathroom, leaving the door open a crack.
I peeked through to see Elliot holding a phone to his ear.

“Well, what am I supposed to say to her?” he said. “She only sees me as a
friend. What am I supposed to do? Tell her I love her and lose her forever? I
can’t do that, Shark.” I knew Shark was Elliot’s best friend. His real name
wasn’t Shark; it was Sam, but Elliot gave him the nickname when they were
kids. Elliot didn’t talk for a few moments, so I assumed Shark was telling him
something.

“Yes, but I also don’t know if she _won’t _reject me.” Elliot waited for a few
seconds. “You really think I should tell her? We were spooning this morning,
for Christ’s sake. She freaked out like I was —yes, yes, I know. But I’m just
a friend to her. I don’t want to ruin our—fine; fine, Shark. Yes, I’ll do it.
I said yes!” Elliot sighed and hung up. I waited a few seconds before opening
the door and stepping out. Elliot smiled at me and moved past me to get to the
bathroom. I heard water running a second later.

I got dressed into a casual dress and checked to see if the kids were awake
yet. It was eight in the morning, and they were still sleeping, like I’d
expected. As I was putting some blueberry muffins in the oven, Elliot came
downstairs and stopped in front of me. “Damaris…”

I watched him patiently, trying not to give away the fact that I’d heard his
conversation with Shark.

“I know you think of me as a friend, but it’s not going to change anything. I
know everything is hard right now, what with Olivia being here and Vic being
gone—” I flinched, but Elliot pressed on. “But I’ve known for a while now that
I am completely in love with you.” Elliot raised his entrancing eyes and
looked at me sadly.

“Elliot…” I reached out and placed a hand on his cheek. He covered my fingers
with his own, his tan skin contrasting against my paler skin. “I knew you were
a good person from the day I met you at that conference, the day I found out
about Vic. But I didn’t anticipate falling in love with you. Which I have.”

Elliot’s lips crashed into mine as his hands came around my waist, pulling to
him. I pressed myself against him, draping my arms around him and kissing him
back. He trailed kisses down my neck, leaving me breathless. “I love you,” he
whispered. I pulled back to look up at him, tracing a finger lightly across
his jawline.

“I love you, too.”

