### The story of Kida - Chapter 1 by Kai

**Date Added:** 2014-08-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** First story! 

* * *

The Summer:

As i walk out the front of my house door I stand there letting the hot summer
air hit me. I looked around letting my eyes adjust to the sun and everything
around me.

"Where are you going" my mom says through the screen door.

"I might go see Luis and then go out with Lily."

"Alright, just be safe."

As I started head for Luis's house I see Lily in sight. "Hey slut" she says
run into me giving me a hug. "Hi asshole. I was actually just about to come
get you after I left Luis's house." She looked like she was going to say
something but then just looked at me and started walking towards where he
lives.

"Do you think his brother is home?"

"I don't know, why?"

"Just curious"

I stopped walking and I see her blushing. I start smiling extremely hard "YOU
LIKE HIM!" She blushes even harder "C'mon, the fast we get there the fast you
can suck faces with your boyfriend and I can see Jesse. As we came in sight to
Luis's house we saw him a few other boys playing basketball. I stood there
looking at his beautiful featurea of him. He was 6 foot 4 with beautiful brown
shaggy hair he pushed out his face he was toned with light brown eyesa and
beautiful tan skin. "Snap out of it here comes Jesse" says Lily. Jesse came
walking out of the house and I studied him like I did Luis. I watches as he
walked he stood at 6 foot 5 but you can't really tell cause he slouches so
much. His hair was black and shoulder length surprisingly it looked good on
him. He had a six pack that followd with a v line and his arms were toned. His
eyes were hazel but when he gets in the sun they turn into beautiful green and
he had the same skin as he brother.

"What are you two looking at?" said Jesse As he started walking over to us he
stood behind us to see what we were staring at. I looked at Lily to find her
blushing and then up at Jess to see him squinting to find out what we are
really looking at. I looked over at Luis who started walking our way "what are
you guys staring at?" He asked as he started looking in the same direction as
us.

"Do you see it Luis" says Jesse

"Nope, I have no clue at what we are looking at" said Luis

"Will you two shut up so I can stare."

They both looked at each other then me And I looked at Lily who was as red as
a tomato and back at the boys. "What!?" They both turned away and said
nothing. I took Lily's hand and started walking towards the house. Jesse
followdd so when I stopped right in front of the door he ran into her, and ran
into me, and I flew five feet ahead into the kitchen.

" Wow, I just said I could use some help I'm glad your here." said Mary. Mary
was beautiful she had long black hair, green eyes, olive skin, and a nice
figure. She was only 5 foot 5 which made her seem perfect. "I would live to
help you but Lily and I-" "Wonderful she said cutting me off "Go get Lily so
we can start cooking." I obeyed and walked out the kitche. "LILY" I yelled. I
heard her giggle from upstairs. I walked up the steps and looked in the room
to my left to find Lily laying in Jesse's arms while he played some video
game.

"We have to help Mary cook"

"Nooooooo please can I stay here with Jesse" she wined

"No. Lets go." I watched as she looked up at Jesse to say something. He looked
down and raised a eyebrow. She grabbed her hips and pull her on top of him.
"Go help momma cook and afterwards you can come back up here and spend time
with me" he says as he starts to sit up. Lily agrees and the he pulls her head
down abe starts kissing her. "I'd love to stand here and watch you two suck
face bug I think momma is going to get mad." Jesse breaks off the kiss but
Lily is still holding his shirt. He tilts his head towards the door and she
gets off him fixing her skirt and tank top. As we walk down the steps she
starts telling me what happened but I'm not really listening. I hear my phone
ring right as I'm about to walk in the kitchen.

"Yeah mom?"

"Need you to come home. Grandma is in the hospital and we need you on stand
by."

"Alright." I say as I hang up. "I already know Kida you can go I'll send the
kids by later to bring you food and make sure you are okay" Mary says as I
open the kitchen door. "Oh alright well I'll be on my way." I walk out the
house past all the sweaty guys to get back to my house "bye" they all about at
once. I waved and started walking. The first thing that came to mind was where
was Luis and why didn't he say bye.

