### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 7 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Damaris's POV

It seemed like forever until the kids came downstairs, hungry and rubbing
their eyes. Together, Elliot and I made pancakes while they got dressed. Both
of us ended up with flour all over us and on the counter. He cleaned up
afterwards, of course, being the amazing man he was, and left me to cook them.
I burnt a few, but I ate them anyway. Haidin and Dylan didn’t like burnt
pancakes, and I knew Oliver didn’t either. Elliot…well, Elliot ate whatever I
put in front of him, as long as they weren't crickets or slugs.

After we ate, Elliot and I dropped the kids off at school and went to work. We
got to work together ever since we made the business deal two years ago. My
former boss, Francesca Milan, resigned and retired a year ago, allowing me to
take her position as the head of our financial advising company. I used to be
her assistant. Since I had a higher position, I had to work longer hours,
which I knew was hard on Clare. She became a permanent babysitter, picking up
the kids from school, making snacks and helping them with homework. I wished I
could be there instead, but I had to work to support them. Vic used to stay
with them until he got a new job as an art director at a local museum six
months before he left.

“Elliot, what’s this?” I asked, picking up an envelope addressed to me off my
desk. I opened it and found a simple note inside. “Are we going on a date?”

Elliot turned to me, confused. “What?” I handed him the note, his eyes
widening as he read the simple message.

_Meet me at Central Park at seven tonight. Just you. No one else._

“Who is this from?” he asked. I shook my head.

“I don’t know. Maybe Sydney knows?” Sydney was my assistant, and was probably
one of my best friends also. I went over to her office, which was in the room
next to mine, and knocked.

“Come in!” her airy voice responded. She was only twenty-two, but she topped
every applicant in every way when she applied for the assistant’s job. I
opened the door with Elliot on my heels. When I showed her the note, Sydney
looked up at me.

“Do you know who put this on my desk?”

“Oh, yeah. She came in about ten minutes ago, asking if you were here. I said
you hadn’t arrived yet and asked what she wanted to see you for. She handed me
an envelope and said to give it to you. I just put it on your desk. Never said
her name, though.”

“What did she look like?” A rising panic spread through my veins, electricity
sparking and igniting, causing my heart to beat faster.

“Well, she had a small black dog. She had short blond hair, maybe a little
taller than you, and had a dark red dress and leather jacket on. And she was
wearing designer sunglasses. Definitely a city girl.”

* * *

Elliot’s POV

My heart sank when Sydney said, “Definitely a city girl.” One name was on my
mind at the moment.

Olivia.

How did she know where Damaris worked? I looked at Damaris to find her staring
back at me, wide-eyed. Her light blue eyes were like piercing daggers, icy and
cold, but I knew the anger wasn’t directed at me. “Thanks, Sydney,” I said,
leading Damaris out of the room. “Damaris…”

“That bitch doesn’t even know what the fuck she’s doing,” Damaris spat. “She
expects me to meet her alone, without _anyone?_ No! She’s insane! What does
she want from me? Vic’s not here! He left, for Christ’s sake! _He left us and
made me believe he was_—_”_ She stopped and took a deep breath. I kissed her
forehead and hugged her, wrapping my arms around her small form and drawing
her close.

“It’s going to be okay. I’m not going to let anything happen to you or the
kids, okay?”

Damaris nodded weakly and held onto me tightly. I pressed my face into her
platinum hair, which she didn’t dye light brown this time. I felt her hot
breath through the thin fabric of my shirt as she exhaled. “I love you,” she
whispered, before drawing back and out of my arms, sitting at her desk.

“Love you too,” I said quietly, retreating from her office into mine. I
couldn’t focus on my work, though. All I could think about was Damaris,
Haidin, Dylan, and Oliver—and Clare, the kids’ babysitter. I usually picked
Oliver up from Damaris’s place after I finished work and left for my house.
Would they be safe when they got out of school? Would Clare be safe? Olivia
didn’t know Damaris’s address—at least I hoped she didn’t.

Sometime during the middle of the day, Damaris ran into my office in
hysterics. “The twins,” she cried, “weren’t on the bus when Clare went to pick
them up from the bus stop. The driver said they never got onto the bus from
school!” She ran into my arms, clinging to my shirt, burying her face in my
chest. I stroked her hair with one hand while reaching for Damaris’s phone
with the other.

“We’ll find them,” I assured her. She started crying, soaking my shirt with
tears, although I didn’t really notice it. I was too focused on dialing 911.
When I was about to press the second 1, I got a call. The caller ID was
unknown, but I picked it up anyway. “Hello?”

“They’re not hurt, but if you want them, come right now.”

The person on the other end hung up. “Damaris,” I whispered. “Damaris, we have
to go right now. I know where they are.” She pulled back and nodded, running
out of the room and returning with her purse. We took my car to Central Park;
I parallel-parked in record time. We slammed the doors shut and looked around
for Olivia. She was sitting on a bench next to the twins—all three were eating
ice cream. Haidin and Dylan were playing with her black dog. I walked calmly
to her, not wanting to scare Damaris even more. “What do you want?” I snapped.
Olivia laughed.

“You know what I want,” she spat, tilting her head to Damaris.

“He’s gone,” the woman I loved sobbed. “I don’t know where he is, Olivia.”

“Bullshit!” Olivia screamed. Haidin and Dylan looked up, wide-eyed. “You know
exactly where he is, you bitch, and—”

I grabbed Olivia’s leather jacket and yanked her up. “You will not speak to
her, you understand?”

“I’ll speak to whomever I want, you asshole,” Olivia sneered. “I’ve got the
freedom of speech.” She tore away from me and tackled Damaris to the ground.

The twins simultaneously screamed, “Mommy!” and ran toward their mother. I
pulled Olivia off and mouthed _911_ to Damaris, who nodded and was currently
holding the twins, crying into their hair. “Mommy, I’m scared,” Haidin said.

“I know, honey, I know. It’s gonna be okay, I promise,” Damaris replied.

I turned my attention to Olivia. “Your fantasy isn’t real. Vic isn’t here. He
left and we don’t know where he went. So leave us alone. Damaris did nothing
wrong!” I shouted.

“Bastard!” Olivia screamed. “She took him from me! If he weren’t married, he’d
be with me right now! But he went back to his bitch of a wife saying he
couldn’t be with me because of her! And she lied!” Olivia glared at Damaris.
“He’s not dead. He was never on that train. I saw a picture of him online that
was taken two weeks ago. He’s alive! I’ve spent two years looking for Vic and
I’m not going to stop just because of some fucking whore!”

Just then, sirens blared in the distance. Olivia turned and ran, but I was
faster. I tackled her from behind, pinning her to the ground. “You’re crazy,”
I said in a low voice.

Olivia laughed sharply and humorlessly. “That all you got, you dick?”

“You’re a fucking retard if you think Vic would ever want someone like you.
You’re crazy; you threatened his children and kidnapped them! Who do you think
you are?”

Olivia kneed me in the gut causing me to lose focus for a moment. A moment was
long enough for her to get up and run. I tried to run after her but she was
already at her car, which was about fifteen feet away. She slammed on the gas
as I memorized the license plate. Two policemen came up behind me and asked me
a few questions, saying there were a few cars on her tail already. They
wouldn’t let her get away.

I went over to Damaris and looked at her apologetically. I promised her
nothing would happen to the twins and instead, Olivia kidnapped them from
school. I knew Oliver was with Clare at Damaris’s house, but I couldn’t even
begin to know how Damaris was feeling. I gave Dylan and Haidin each a tight
hug before grabbing Damaris and pulling her to me. She sobbed into my neck as
the twins were asked a few questions about what Olivia did.

Haidin started explaining while all of us listened. Dylan stood next to her.
“Olivia said Clare was sick and Mommy asked her to pick us up. Oliver was
already on the bus so we couldn’t tell him.”

“Who is Clare?” a detective asked gently.

“She’s our babysitter. She always picks us up from the bus stop.”

“What else did Olivia say?”

“She said to get into her car. She didn’t go home. She went here instead and
bought us ice cream. She said we could have a treat before we went home.”

“Then what?” the detective inquired.

“She called someone and said ‘They’re not hurt, but if you want them, come
right now.’ Then Mommy and Elliot showed up.”

The detective nodded and came over to me. “May I speak to you in private?” she
asked just as someone spoke on her walkie-talkie.

“We got her. She’s going to the station.”

The detective sighed. “Do you know why she would want to take them?”

Damaris, standing beside me and clutching my hand, told her the story of Vic
and how Olivia was obsessed with him. The detective didn’t say a word; she
just wrote on her notepad. Then Damaris showed her the note from this morning,
which she put in a plastic bag labeled ‘Evidence.’

“Will they have to testify against her?” Damaris asked quietly. The detective
nodded.

“Everything will be taken care of. I’d watch out for the press, though.
They’ll be all over this.” She left, leaving us to go with another police
officer to a station. They interrogated us all, and thankfully, we never saw
Olivia. The press did ask us questions, which we answered as quickly as
possible. Haidin clung to Damaris’s hand while Dylan held mine.

A week later, while we were at Damaris’s house, watching TV with the kids, the
doorbell rang. Damaris grumbled to herself. “This better not be another
fucking newsreporter.” She opened the door and screamed. I bolted up and ran
to her, but she was staring at the man in the doorway. I studied him, knowing
I’d seen him before. It took a moment for me to realize who I was looking at.

“Hi,” he said.

Damaris snapped out of her shock and yanked him inside, shutting the door
behind him. Then she turned to me and said, “Go watch the kids. Please.” I
nodded slowly, backing up into the living room. Damaris started yelling.

* * *

Damaris’s POV

“How dare you!” I screamed. “All you say is hi? That’s it? _That’s it?_” I
slapped him across the cheek, not able to control myself. “You left for two
years and left a note. A fucking _note, _for Christ’s sake! You think you can
come back here and expect me to be happy and run into your arms? I have a life
now, one I created without you in it. I thought you were dead. Do you have any
idea how that felt? I had to make everyone believe you were dead. There’s a
gravestone with your name on it at a cemetery. _You don't exist anymore__,” _I
spat.

“Damaris…” he murmured. “I left because you weren’t safe with me.”

“She still found us!” I screeched. “It made no difference that you were gone.
She kidnapped out children. _Kidnapped! _You have no idea what I’ve been
through. NO IDEA!” My breathing was fast and uncontrollable. He looked at the
floor.

“I’m sorry, Damaris. I really am. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, but it had to
be believable—”

“Believable my ass!” I shot back. “You put me through so much pain. I cried at
night. Every night for six straight months after you left.”

He sighed. “Damaris, I can’t even explain how horrible I feel for putting you
and the twins through all this.”

“No,” I said calmly. “You can’t.” I turned around and walked into the living
room where the kids were watching TV with Elliot. Vic followed me. “Haidin.
Dylan.” They looked up at me. “Your father is here.”

“Dad?” Dylan stared at Vic. “But…but…”

Elliot looked at me sadly. “It’s really me, son, it’s really me.” Dylan jumped
up and hugged Vic. “You’ve grown so much,” Vic said quietly. “You, too,
Haidin.” Haidin took her turn to hug her father.

“But Elliot and Mommy told us your heart stopped beating,” Haidin protested
innocently. “But you’re here.” She turned to me.

“We thought that, too, but he’s here now,” Elliot replied softly. He slipped
his hand into mine and I held on tight to it. “You’ve got a lot of nerve
coming here.” Elliot raised his eyebrows at Vic. I was going to explode into
tears any second now but willed them back for the kids’ sake. Oliver was
watching quietly, his eyes just like his father’s: blue streaked with green.

“I know,” Vic sighed. “But I need a place to stay until the trial is over. I’m
a witness.”

I lowered my eyes. “You can stay here.” It was wrong to kick my own ex-husband
out of an apartment he paid for. My rage sizzled down to pure sadness. I would
need Elliot beside me tonight or I wouldn’t be able to sleep. Elliot squeezed
my hand briefly, letting me know he understood and would be there for me. I
was so in love with this man; seeing Vic just made me love him more. I didn’t
love Vic anymore; my feelings for him had turned neutral. A year ago, when I
didn’t love Elliot yet, I would’ve been so happy if Vic came back. Now, all I
felt was exasperated and tired and sad.

