### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 9 THE END! by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Elliot's POV

  
When I woke up, Damaris was already up. The shower was running in the
bathroom, so I got dressed and went downstairs. Vic was sitting on the couch
in the living room, watching TV with the twins. Oliver was in the kitchen
staring at a pan on the stove. I frowned and came up behind him. “Oliver?”

“Hi Dad,” he said. “The pancakes burnt.” I followed his gaze and saw black
pancakes sitting in a pan. Scraping them in the garbage, I took the batter
from the bowl and poured some fresh pancakes. “I thought Haidin and Dylan’s
dad was gone.” I turned around and raised my eyebrows. Oliver was only nine,
but he knew a lot more than he let on.

“He was, but now he’s back. It’s only until the trial is over.”

“That’s not what he said.” My son shook his head innocently.

“What do you mean?” I asked cautiously. Was I missing something here?

“He said that he was going to take them away.”

“Take who away? When did he say this, Oliver?”

Oliver pointed to the pan. “I think they’re ready to flip.” I grabbed the
spatula and flipped the pancakes before turning back to him, waiting for him
to continue. “This morning, we were all down here, and he turned on the TV.
Then he put the pancakes in the pan and left. I heard him talking to Dylan and
Haidin. He asked them if they wanted to live with him. He said Damaris
couldn’t take care of them anymore because she was going to live with us
instead.”

“Us?” I echoed, my heart skipping a thousand beats. Oliver nodded.

“Yeah. He said Damaris was going to leave Haidin and Dylan with him so she
could stay with us. That she didn’t care about them anymore—”

“That son of a bitch,” I muttered under my breath. “Thanks for telling me,
Oliver. Here are your pancakes.” I slid them out of the pan and onto his plate
before turning the stove off and walking into the living room. I watched Vic
for a few moments until Damaris came downstairs, her hair wet from her shower.
“Hey.” I gave her a hug and kissed her forehead. “Can I talk to you for a
second?” Damaris nodded slowly, letting me lead her into the dining room.
“Oliver told me Vic is planning to take the twins with him when he leaves.”

Damaris’s hand flew to her mouth. “What? When did he say that?”

“Olvier heard him talking to Haidin and Dylan this morning.”

Damaris’s hands clenched and unclenched rapidly. “Thanks for telling me,” she
said before she swept past me and yanked Vic up from the couch. He raised his
eyebrows as she dragged him upstairs and into the guest room, slamming the
door behind her. I took a deep breath and went to watch TV with the kids. I
could hear them yelling at each other even with the TV volume up.

* * *

Damaris’s POV

“I can’t believe you!” I stood before Vic. His eyes were tired and his hair
was messy. “I love my children and I am not letting you take them away from
me.”

“You can’t take care of them, Damaris,” Vic countered. “You’ve got your own
new family now. I haven’t been with my kids in two years. I deserve to be
their father.”

“No you don’t! And what was last night all about?” I stared him down until his
shoulders slumped.

“What happened to us? I left to protect my family and then I come back to see
that they’ve forgotten about me?”

“We never forgot about you,” I sighed. “None of us thought you’d ever come
back.”

“Please,” Vic said quietly. “They’re my kids, too.”

“Not legally,” I replied. “You can’t live with us.”

“Why not? Because you’ve got a new boyfriend?”

I gasped, shocked. “How dare you? Elliot did nothing wrong!”

“He took you from me. You don’t love me anymore; I can see it.”

“Not all loves last forever, Vic. And are you addicted again?”

Vic flinched and actually took a step back. “No. I deal. It’s how I made money
when I was gone. I couldn’t get a job because I was afraid she’d find me
again—”

“So you got into the black market,” I finished. He nodded sadly. “Vic, she’s
going to go to jail. There’s no way the jury will find her innocent. You need
to get out of there and start living again.”

“I know, but that’s the thing; once you get in, it’s almost impossible to get
back out.” Vic ran his hand through his blond hair and sat down on the bed.
“I’ll try, but I can’t promise I’ll be alive by the end of it.”

“Well, can’t you go to the FBI and rat them out or something? I don’t want you
dealing, Vic,” I pleaded. “Think about the twins.”

“I want to spend time with them. I missed a big part of their lives and I
don’t want to miss any more.”

“Vic…” I sat down beside him. “I don’t think we’ll be able to get joint
custody. You’re not my husband anymore. Vic Stone is legally dead.”

“I know, but I can regain my name and all of it. I have to anyway, since I’m
going to testify against Olivia. They’ll understand.”

A heavy silence hung in the air, a blanket suspended in time. “You do know we
can’t be together again, right?” Vic looked down.

“I know. You’ve got Elliot now.”

“It doesn’t mean I don’t want to see you. We’ll figure out a way,” I said
quietly.

“I still love you, Damaris,” Vic whispered. A single tear made a warm path
down my cheek, silently breaking the tension.

“I’m so sorry, Vic. I’m so sorry.” I rested my head on his shoulder and closed
my eyes. I loved Elliot, and there wasn’t a way out of this without hurting
someone. I still loved Vic, but not in that way anymore. He was my best
friend, and had been before we’d gotten together as a couple. I wanted to stay
friends. I didn’t want to lose him again.

“I was drunk last night,” Vic said suddenly. I blinked. “After I came
upstairs, I drank. That’s why I acted like an asshole last night.” I put my
small hand on top of his, our palms touching on top of his knee. “I don’t want
to lose you, Damaris.”

“I want to stay friends. Do you think that’s possible?” I asked. Vic kissed
the top of my head and nodded. We sat quietly for a while, just enjoying each
other’s company. I knew Elliot was downstairs with the kids, and for that, I
was grateful. A small knock on the door brought both of us out of our trance.
“Yes?”

“Mom, do you want pancakes? Elliot made them,” Haidin’s voice said from
outside.

Vic got up and opened the door, picking our daughter up. Haidin giggled as Vic
gave her a piggyback ride down the steps, leaving me to follow behind them. I
hoped and prayed that we would all be okay after this hell was over.

The trial came and went, and Olivia was sentenced twenty-five years in prison.
Vic and Elliot made a silent peace, and they actually became friends. Vic,
thankfully, met a woman named Nichole and was taking her on a date tomorrow
night. He found an apartment a few blocks away from us, so he saw the kids
regularly. The two of them watched the kids while Elliot and I went out to
dinner yesterday.

It had been six months since Vic came back and the kids were out of school
now. I made sure one of us adults was home with them while the rest of us were
at work. Nichole moved in with Vic about two weeks ago, and so far, they were
happy. The subject of Olivia never came up unless it absolutely had to. Life
wasn’t the same as it had been before Vic left, but in some way, we all had
gotten what we wanted:

A love that would never die.

