### Damaris and Elliot Chap. 8 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Damaris's POV

I sank onto the couch, resting my head on Elliot's shoulder as a pillow. He
stroked my hair, kissing the top of my head. Vic was currently sleeping in the
guest room, his suitcase placed next to the door and his clothes messily
strewn across the floor. He was so tired when he got back; now I felt like a
bitch for lashing out at him. It wasn't his fault; he was only putting his
family before himself. "I'm sorry," I murmured. Elliot looked down at me
curiously.

"For what?"

"For dragging you into this..."

"Don't. I want to here: for you, for the twins...my son loves you," he said
quietly. "You're the mother he never had. He treats the twins like they're his
own siblings."

"What are you implying?" I asked tiredly.

"Nothing, at the moment. You should get some sleep; you look like you went
through Hell and back."

"I did," I remarked. Elliot laughed and led me to my room where we had been
sleeping for the past week. I got dressed and cleaned up, making sure I looked
somewhat normal and not like shit. As I slipped under the covers, I felt the
bed dip beside me. I frowned. Elliot was in the bathroom brushing his teeth.
Right? Yes, he was, because his electric toothbrush was on. The buzzing of the
vibrating bristles rang into the silence. I turned on my side to look at who
was on the bed. "Vic?"

"Yes?" He acted like this was perfectly normal. Like he'd been here the past
two years and slept with me all the time.

I sat up and blinked twice to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. "What are you
doing?"

"I thought I'd sleep here tonight."

"With me?" I paused for a second then added, "and Elliot?"

Vic raised an eyebrow. "You're sleeping with him?"

"Well, no, not in that way, but-"

"You're dating?" Vic interrupted.

"You act like you're surprised," I said dully. "What you expected me to be a
sitting duck, waiting for you to come back? Well, Vic, I stopped dreaming a
year and a half ago."

"What happened to us? Don't you care about me anymore?"

"Of course I do."

"Then why are you with him?" Vic, looked behind me and I turned around to see
Elliot glaring at him.

I made a noise of disbelief and stared at my former husband. "Are you
jealous?"

"I have reason to, Damaris."

"You never used to be jealous," I thought aloud. "You've changed."

"No shit, Damaris. I lived two years without my family."

"Which was your decision," I pointed out. "How can you blame him?"

"He's only after your money, Damaris. He's not good for you."

I gaped at him. "He's got plenty of it himself. Why would he need me? What is
wrong with you?"

Vic narrowed his eyes at Elliot. "He's what's wrong," he spat. Elliot raised
an eyebrow. I stood and went to stand beside him. Vic was different; he never
used to be like this. "You've left me for this fa-"

"Vic!" I gasped. "Stop! What the hell is your problem? Do not call him that
when he doesn't deserve it. You're treating him like shit. Stop this right
now!"

Vic looked at me blankly before retreating to the guest room without another
word. I sighed. "I'm so sorry, Elliot."

"It's not your fault."

I walked up to him and gave him a hug, breathing in the familiar smell of his
cologne, the one I'd gotten him last Christmas.

“Come on, let’s get some sleep,” he whispered. We settled into bed and pulled
the covers over our bodies. I closed my eyes and fell asleep with Elliot’s
arms around me.

* * *

Elliot’s POV

I heard Damaris’s breathing even out after a while, leaving me to think about
her former husband. Something was wrong with Vic—something bad. I knew Damaris
wouldn’t marry someone like that. Something must have happened during the two
years he was gone.

As I drifted off to sleep with Damaris beside me, I couldn’t stop thinking
about the kids. Oliver was in the twins’ room and Vic was in the guest room,
which was next to Damaris’s bedroom. I heard a muffled curse through the wall
and frowned. Was that Vic?

“Shit, where is it?” I heard rummaging and things being thrown to the ground.
I sat up to turned on the lamp that rested on the nightstand. I slipped out of
bed and put my ear against the wall for better hearing. Damaris stirred under
the covers but didn’t wake up. “Fuck, Chad, where is it?” Chad? Who was Chad?
Was Vic on the phone? “I swear to God, if it’s not here by the trial you know
what’s going to happen to you.” There was a long pause before Vic spoke again.
“You’re outside? Give me a minute; I’ll be right out.”

I heard footsteps and the opening and closing of a door. The stairs squeaked
and creaked as Vic walked downstairs. I waited a second before opening the
door and following him. I did not trust this man; the kids weren’t safe with
him, and neither was Damaris. He had a temper, I realized, and couldn’t
control it. I looked out the window that viewed the driveway when I got
downstairs and saw Vic coming towards the door with a big paper bag in his
arms, the kind you get at Trader Joe’s. Dashing for the kitchen, I made it
just in time for Vic to come back inside. I started filling a glass of water
for myself to make it look like I’d come down because I was thirsty.

“Why are you up?” Vic sneered. I glanced at him before taking a sip.

“I was thirsty. Why are you up?”

“I had business to take care of,” he muttered while trudging back to the guest
room. Thirty seconds later, I was back in bed with Damaris next to me.

“Elliot?”

“Yes?”

“Where did you go?”

“I was just thirsty, that’s all. I went downstairs to get a drink of water.”

Damaris nodded and turned on her side to face me. Her platinum hair cascaded
around her shoulders, creating a waterfall effect. Her face was like the
hidden cave behind the rushing water. Her ice blue eyes opened, revealing a
sharp sadness. Well, they did say the eyes were the gates to the soul. “I
don’t know what’s wrong with him,” she whispered. “He’s so different now. He
never had a temper before. Never. Now he’s acting like a jerk.”

I sighed. “Something probably happened during the time he was away. Maybe
anger built up and he’s taking it out on us, or an addiction to—”

Damaris gasped quietly. I stopped. “He…oh god…”

“What?”

“We met at…at a rehab center,” she murmured. “I was visiting my uncle and met
Vic in the cafeteria.”

“Why was he there?”

“To get clean. He was a pot addict in his late teen years,” she replied,
burying her face in the pillow beneath her. “He must be addicted again.” Her
voice was muffled but I still understood her. It made sense; it explained the
temper, the changes of attitude…Vic was so kind to the kids before, but when
he came into the bedroom, it was like he lost a million dollars on a poker
play.

Damaris flipped over and stared at the ceiling as I wound a tress around my
finger. ‘He can’t be around the twins. Or Oliver. I’m not letting him stay
here.” Damaris closed her eyes, mumbling under her breath as the night
dissolved into dreamless sleep.

