### Cups of Coffee by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Jordan looked like he was about to say something, so I waited patiently. He was incredibly handsome; his right eye was light green and the other was more of a blue color. His dark hair wasn't too short but it wasn't too long, either. And his lips, well, any girl would give anything to kiss them. "Would you like to go for a cup of coffee sometime?" he asked. 

* * *

Tacy's POV

"Oh, you cut me open and I keep bleeding, keep keep bleeding love." Applause
rang though the theater as I finished my solo. The other members of the club
stood and cheered for me, making me smile. I stepped off the stage as the
house lights turned on, twisting through the crowd in my purple dress. In the
lobby, I waited for my younger brother, Patrick, who was supposed to pick me
up from the campus. As I studied a small loose string on my dress flats, a
familiar voice spoke in front of me, causing me to look up.

"You've got a beautiful voice," he said. I gave him a short nod.

"Thank you," I replied. He grinned, revealing perfect straight teeth. That
smile could kill anyone; where had I seen him... "Wait, you're the bass
guitarist, aren't you?"

He laughed. "Yeah. I'm Jordan Reynolds." He stuck his hand out and I shook it;
his grip was strong but not too firm. "Really though, you're amazing. Do you
take lessons?" I shook my head. "Wow. Have you ever considered performing as a
career?"

"Yes, I have, but I have to get discovered before I start a career, don't I?
I'm Tacy, by the way. Tacy Coast." Jordan's eyes looked past me for a moment;
it was just long enough for me to turn around and see Pat coming our way.
"That's my brother. I should get going."

Jordan looked like he was about to say something, so I waited patiently. He
was incredibly handsome; his right eye was light green and the other was more
of a blue color. His dark hair wasn't too short but it wasn't too long,
either. And his lips, well, any girl would give anything to kiss them. "Would
you like to go for a cup of coffee sometime?" he asked.

Pat came up behind me and slid his arm around my shoulders. "Hey Tacy. Ready
to go?"

I rolled my eyes and turned my attention back to Jordan, who was looking down
at me. I was tall, almost as tall as Pat. Compared to Jordan, I wasn't tall
anymore. I was average; he had to be almost six feet, if not taller. "I'd love
to," I answered. He grinned at me, but his perfect smile bounced off me with
no effect. I felt Pat's arm loosen around my shoulder; I didn't blame him for
being attracted; Jordan was hot, to put it bluntly. Pat was gay, and I was the
only one who knew it. Our parents didn't know yet, although I was trying to
get Pat to tell them. He couldn't hide it forever. Jordan handed me a pen and
out his hand out, palm up. I raised an eyebrow. "Really? You have no paper on
you?" Jordan chuckled and shook his head. "Well that's great because I don't
have any either." I wrote my number and name on his arm and gave the pen back.

"See you later," he said, winking at me. Pat and I left the lobby and went out
to Pat's car, which our parents had given him for his eighteenth birthday last
month. I was three years older than him; I'd be turning twenty-one in two
months. Secretly, I hoped I'd get discovered soon. I needed a job and I needed
money. I needed to get on my feet as soon as possible; there was no way I was
living with my parents. I loved them, but I didn't want to live with them.

"So, who was that?" Pat asked, glancing at me as we left the campus and turned
onto the highway.

"Just some guy. Jordan Reynolds. He was the bass guitarist for the show."

"And he asked you out? That's why you said 'I'd love to,' right?"

I nodded. "He's a prettyboy; I'm not going to do anything serious. You can
have him if you want."

Pat rolled his eyes. "He seemed nice."

"You didn't even talk to him!"

"So? That doesn't mean I can't make an assumption."

I sighed. I was not going to debate with Pat right now. "Fine."

"You've gotta live a little bit," Pat said. "You're so picky."

"I'm not picky! I just wasn't attracted to him."

"What about his smile?"

"His smile is a perfect, straight teeth smile. It didn't do anything for me."

"How can you not melt at a smile like that? It's like your immune to hot
people. You turn down every guy you meet."

"I didn't turn Jordan down," I pointed out. "I said I'd go for a cup of coffee
with him."

"Yeah, but do you honestly think you'll go on a date with him after that?"

I thought for a moment. "No."

We pulled into the restaurant parking lot where Pat and I had planned to eat.
I stepped out of the car and shut the door, breathing in the cool spring
breeze. I waited for Pat to lock the car before walking into the restaurant
and sitting down at a table across the room. A waitress came by and brought
water. She smiled at Pat, but he rolled his eyes at me behind her back. "See?
You turn down girls all the time."

"That's because I'm gay, Big Sister," he said. "I'm not interested in them.
You, on the other hand, don't even show a spark of interest in anyone."

"Maybe I'm just waiting for the right person."

"Well how can you know they're the right person if you don't get to know them?
Not all loves are at first sight."

God, why did he have to be such a writer? And right all the time? "I'll find
someone I'm interested in eventually. I'm only twenty, for Christ's sake,
Pat."

Pat eyed me suspiciously before looking back at the menu in his hands.

As I flopped onto my bed at home (yes, in my parents' house) my phone started
buzzing. I looked at the caller ID. Unknown. "Hello?"

"Is this Tacy?" The voice was deep and soothing, but again, it had no effect
on me. I was really starting to question why I even bothered to note these
things.

"Is this Jordan?" I countered.

"I'm guessing you gave me the right number then," Jordan said. I could hear
loud music in the background. "How come you didn't come to the party?"

"I didn't really feel like it. Besides, I already had plans with Pat."

"Pat?"

"My younger brother," I explained. "We went out to dinner."

"Well, the night is still young. You wanna come? I can swing by and pick you
up."

"Nah, I'm good."

"Come on. Do you ever have fun?"

"Yes, but not the night before the final English Literature exam."

"Hey, I have the exam tomorrow too. Do you have Professor Strickland?"

"Yeah. I'm in his twelve o'clock class."

"So am I! I didn't know we had a class together."

"Neither did I."

"Well, if you're not going to come to the party, then I guess I'll see you
tomorrow. "When do you want to have that cup of coffee?"

"I've got an hour break after English Literature on Monday. Maybe then?"

"Sounds good. I'll meet you after class."

"Have fun at the party." I hung up and took out my laptop from under the bed.
I started writing a song yesterday but didn't have time to finish it. As my
fingertips brushed the keys, lyrics formed in my mind. My fingers flew across
the keyboard, typing words as fast as they came into my head. Sometime later,
I finished the song just as my phone rang again. The caller was unknown again.
Why would Jordan be calling me again? "Hello?"

"Is this Tacy Coast?"

"Yes," I answered slowly. This wasn't Jordan...

"Are you the one who sang Bleeding Love at the Clef Club concert tonight?"

"Yes. May I ask who's calling and how you got my number?"

"Oh, of course. I'm calling on behalf of Sony Records. Alice Marking saw your
performance and said she'd like to meet with you to discuss a record label.
She asked your music director for your contact information."

I almost dropped the phone. "Is this for real?"

The woman on the other end laughed. "Yes, this is real. Would you like to meet
with Alice?"

"I'd love to. Would Monday work?"

"I have a twelve o'clock slot. Is that okay?"

"Yes, that's perfect. Thank you!"

I hung up and slowly put the phone down on my blanket-covered lap. "Holy
shit," I whispered. "Oh my god! Pat! PAT!" I jumped out of bed and ran to my
brother's room, banging on the door.

He opened the door, eyes wide and hair messy. "What, Tacy? It's one in the
fucking morning!"

"Sony Records called because one of their producers heard me sing tonight and
she wants to meet with me to discuss a contract and _oh my fucking god I'm
hyperventilating here!"_

Pat stared at me blankly for a moment before hugging me. "That's great, Tacy!
They called just now?" I nodded. "Well, when is the meeting?"

"Twelve o'clock Monday," I answered. "I'll have to skip English Literature but
that's okay. We'll probably be getting out exams back that day so I won't miss
anything." I realized that I'd have to miss my coffee with Jordan. I ran back
into my room and dialed his number, waiting anxiously for him to answer.

