### Cups of Coffee 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-08-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Jordan's POV

"Hello?"

"Hey, it's Tacy Coast. Listen, I'm really sorry, but we're going to have to
have that coffee some other time because something's come up and I can't make
it."

I blinked. "Uh, sure, okay. When?"

"What day is good for you? I feel really bitchy for doing this but I-"

"It's fine, Tacy. Maybe tomorrow afternoon after English Literature?"

"That's great. Thanks for understanding, Jordan."

"No problem. If I may, what came up?"

I heard Tacy take a deep breath; I could practically see her smiling. "Alice
Marking from Sony Records wants to meet with me to discuss a label."

My jaw dropped. "Really?"

"Yes! It's amazing. I didn't think it would happen."

"Well, Alice Marking has good taste. You sing like an angel."

"Oh, stop with the flattery," she said flatly. I laughed; Tacy was really
something different. Most girls would flirt like hell with me until I agreed
to sleep with them, which I didn't usually do. It was kind of fun, being a
bachelor. But something about Tacy made me wish I hadn't said yes to even one
girl I'd slept with in the past.

"It's not flattery if it's true."

"Stop it! You're doing it again!"

I grinned. "Sorry."

"No you're not," Tacy stated. I chuckled as my older sister stepped into my
room and raised an eyebrow.

"Why are you laughing?" Janine asked. I pointed to the door. She crossed her
arms and leaned against the dresser.

_Get out,_ I mouthed. She shook her head. I sighed. "I am sorry, really," I
said to Tacy.

"Sure you are. Can you give me a second?"

"Yeah."

"Pat, get out! When I pointed to the door I meant _get out."_ Tacy's voice was
muffled, but I could still hear her.

"Who are you talking to?" Janine pursed her lips, a sign that meant she wasn't
going to leave unless she got an answer.

"A friend," I answered. "Can you please leave?" She rolled her eyes and left,
shutting the door behind her. I leaned back into my pillows and looked at the
laptop in my lap. I was almost done with a song I started a week ago; all I
needed were lyrics. I picked up my guitar from the chair next to the bed and
strummed a chord. It felt good to feel the strings beneath my fingers. Last
time I played a guitar was only six hours ago but it felt like a lot longer
than that. I glanced up as the door opened. It was Janine again.

"Don't start playing now, Jordan. It's one in the morning. Don't you have the
final English exam?"

I pointed to the door while setting my guitar back onto the chair. She left as
Tacy spoke. "Sorry. Pat was...bothering me."

"So was Janine. She's my older sister."

"How much older than you is she?"

"Only two years. She's twenty three."

"I wish I had a sister."

I shook my head. "No, you don't. I wish I had a brother to mess with, though."

"Pat's not fun to mess with. He's never around; when he is, he's caged in his
room doing last minute projects for school."

"What does he do when he's not around?"

"He either parties, sleeps with random people, or plays football. It's a
wonder he keeps his grades in the B range."

"He seems like the opposite of you."

"I do have fun, for your information. I just limit myself."

"So you don't have fun."

"I do!"

"Whats fun for you?"

"Visiting museums, hiking, reading, singing...oh, and writing songs. I
actually just finished one."

"So basically, you're a bookworm."

"Well, no, not exactly. Bookworms don't really sing, do they?"

"You do."

"You're such a smart ass, Jordan."

"Thanks, Tacy."

"Well, while we're on the topic of songs...I know I'm asking a big favor here,
but do you think you could strum up a few chords for my song? I've only got
lyrics, and I don't really play any instruments other than the violin, which I
haven't touched in over a year, so..." She trailed off.

"Yeah, I'd love to. We'd have to meet, though. I have to hear you sing the
words in order to make an accompaniment."

"Okay, sure. When?"

"How about we have coffee at my house tomorrow—well, today—and we can do it
then?"

"Sounds good. I might have to finalize some words here and there, but it
should be done by then. Alright, I have to go, so I'll see you tomorrow?"

"You mean today, right?"

"Smart ass."

"Bookworm."

"Obnoxious smart ass."

"No-fun bookworm."

"Extremely obnoxious smart ass."

"Extremely no-fun bookworm."

"I am not doing this right now, am I?"

"I think you are," I laughed. She sighed and hung up, leaving me grinning like
an idiot. Tacy was certainly something else. For the first time ever, she was
all I could think about the rest of the day. She was on my mind when I went to
sleep, when I woke up, during breakfast, during all four of my morning
classes, and as I was on my way to English Literature. My eyes scanned the
room and stopped at a tall, slim, strawberry blonde woman in jeans and a
purple t-shirt.

Tacy.

I sat down next to her and gave her a smile. "Hey."

"Hey, extremely obnoxious smart ass."

I laughed, causing Tacy to receive piercing stares from other girls in the
room. As soon as she narrowed her eyes, they all looked away. Professor
Strickland handed out the exams while explaining the sections. Tacy had
already completed the first page by the time I wrote my name and the date. She
caught me watching her and smirked before shielding her paper. I turned away
and started the exam. It wasn't hard at all; in fact, it was probably the
easiest test we'd had in this class all year.

Tacy finished maybe ten minutes before me, so we had time to write messages on
scrap paper after we were done. I wrote, _Do you want me to drive?_

_ To your house?_

_ Yeah._

_ Sure, if you don't mind. Pat dropped me off this morning so I don't have a
car._

_ Meet me at the bridge after class._

_ Well there's no point in that since we're sitting right next to each other.
We'll walk out together unless you don't want to._

_ That works too._

Tacy rolled her eyes and looked at her watch. It was digital and in 24-hour
time. I then looked at my watch, which said one o'clock. We'd be leaving any
second now...

"Hand in your exams as you leave; I'll be collecting them," said Professor
Strickland.

We got up together and walked out, handing in our papers as we left. "So, how
do you think you did?" Tacy glanced at me while taking a notebook out of her
bag. It was a Moleskine, black and bound with leather. I watched her open it
and write something down with a pencil, then erase it and rewrite something
else. A drop of rain landed on the top of her head. Then it started pouring,
pouring so hard we had to run to the car and slam the doors in order to
prevent ourselves from getting soaked more than we already were.

"Pretty well," I said. "It was easy." Tacy nodded and stared at her soaked
notebook. Water ran down her face as she bit her lip. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. My notebook is ruined now, but I've got my songs on my laptop
at home. But we can't do the song because I can't read this." She showed me
the ink-watered pages.

"We can swing by your house and get it if you want. I've got no more classes
today."

Tacy eyed me suspiciously. "You're done for the day?"

"I've had five classes."

"What time did you start?"

"My first class is at seven."

"Jesus, you wake up early."

"It's not that bad. I'm used to it."

"I have another class at three but I'm done after that. I don't think we'll be
able to get everything done in two hours, minus the time it'll take to get to
my house to yours and back to the campus so it'll probably end up only being
an hour..."

"We can continue after your class if you want to."

Tacy gave me a small smile. "You would do that? You'd sacrifice your Friday
afternoon?"

"Yeah, of course. It's not a sacrifice if I'm with you."

Instead of blushing, Tacy rolled her eyes and looked out the window, staring
at the trees zipping by. "Didn't I tell you to stop with the flattery?"

"It wasn't flattery!" I protested.

"Get off at the next exit." I obeyed and followed her directions until we
stopped at a small blue house. Tacy motioned for me to come in; a really nice
red Nissan was parked in the driveway next to my car. Tacy caught me admiring
it and smiled. "That's Pat's car. My parents got it for his eighteenth
birthday."

"How long ago was that?"

"Last month."

"He's younger than you, right?"

Tacy looked at me, surprised that I'd even remembered a detail as small as
that. "Yeah. He's three years younger than me. He'll be starting college this
fall. Come on, let's go inside before we get soaked again."

I followed her through the garage and into the house. It was nice and cozy.
Tacy threw her bag onto the couch in the living room, motioning for me to
follow her upstairs. Taking a MacBook Pro out from under her bed, she frowned
and blinked, watching something behind me. "Hey, Pat. Aren't you supposed to
be in school?"

I turned around to see a guy not much younger than Tacy and myself. He had the
same strawberry blond hair Tacy had but his eyes were dark, not green like
hers. He was slightly shorter than me, maybe about two or three inches at
most.

"They cancelled because of a power out. I'm Patrick," he said, sticking out
his hand. I shook it.

"Jordan Reynolds."

Tacy turned to me. "We should get going. Eat whatever you want for lunch, Pat.
I'm going to Jordan's place so we can work on a project for a couple hours.
I'll call you if I need a ride. Oh, and if you invite anyone over, try not to
make a mess. When I say that, I mean use the Febreze in your room after you're
done. Bye." I raised my eyebrows at her as Pat rolled his eyes. The two of
them also had that in common: the eye roll. It was practically the same, only
it looked more...serious and dark on Tacy.

We went back to my car and drove to my house. Tacy read the lyrics to me
during the ride. Her voice was beautiful; I almost didn't want her to stop.
The lyrics were great—definitely record label quality. I automatically knew
they would match perfectly with the music I'd finished last night. It just
needed a few tweaks and it would be done. I'd have to find another excuse to
have her come over after her class because we'd be done with this song in no
time. I needed to find a reason to make her stay. I didn't want her to leave;
she was special, Tacy, and I wanted her to be mine.

