### Drunk in Love by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-09-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** New story! 

* * *

Cameryn’s POV

I didn’t want to fall in love with him, but I did. I told myself not to; I
told myself he was a player, that he would play me just like all the other
girls he slept with. I told myself he wasn’t different, that he was exactly
the same as the other guys I knew. But I didn’t listen to myself.

And now I regretted everything that happened in the past ten months with all
my heart.

My paradise collapsed in a matter of seconds. The sky came falling down, the
ground trembled beneath my feet, and the beautiful plants withered and died
before my eyes. I should’ve known that the heaven I was living in was just a
façade and that it wouldn’t last very long, but I pushed the thought away
every time it came into my mind.

And now I wished I’d actually considered the thought.

_“You what?”_

* * *

Kyle’s POV

I couldn’t meet her eyes even though I knew her face showed pure shock.
Instead, I looked at the floor and didn’t say a word. I couldn’t take it any
longer; I had to tell her. It all burst out a minute ago, and now Cameryn was
silent. At least, I thought she was silent until I heard her rapid breathing.

_“You what?”_

I raised my eyes and sadly looked at her. I knew this would be the end of us
even though I didn’t want it to be. I’d never be able to convince her that it
was an accident and that I didn’t mean to.

* * *

Cameryn’s POV

This time, more quietly, I asked, “You cheated on me?” Kyle nodded his head,
still mute. I saw that he was sad, but there was no way in hell I was going to
feel bad for him. He fucking _cheated on me? _After everything we’d been
through together? How could he? “Why?”

“It was an accident.”

“Oh, so it was an _accident. _You didn’t mean to _sleep with another fucking
woman.”_ I accused. Kyle shook his head.

“I was drunk.”

“You expect me to believe you? You’ve never gotten drunk since I met you.
Never.”

“I know, Cameryn, I know. But I’m telling the truth.”

I rolled my eyes. “No you’re not. I want you to leave right now.”

Kyle looked down at the floor again. “I’m sorry, Cameryn, I’m really sorry.”

“Sorry isn’t going to fucking cut it, Kyle. Get out.” I pointed to the door
angrily and glared at him. He relented and silently walked out, closing the
door to my apartment behind him. The pillows were comforting on the couch as I
sank into the cushions and cried my heart out. A part of me still hoped that
this was all a dream, but I knew it wasn’t. I was living a nightmare.

The next morning, I woke up with a wet pillow shoved in my face. I groaned and
sat up. Yesterday came flowing back, the sharp pain of betrayal stabbing at my
heart like shadows of a dagger. Kyle. _Kyle. _It hurt to even think about him,
let alone speak his name. “Oh…”

The phone started ringing. I forced myself off the couch and picked it up.
“Hello?”

“Cameryn? Where are you?”

“At home. Why?”

“What the fuck are you doing at home? We’re starting in fifteen fucking
minutes! Cameryn, you’d better get your fucking ass here right now or I
swear—”

“Tristy, calm down. I’ll be there in ten.” I slammed the phone on the receiver
and ran upstairs to get ready. I was a judge on the show America’s Next Top
Chef, and today was the day we announced the winner. Kyle kept coming up in my
mind but I pushed him to the back—the farthest back possible.

I ran out the door in my black pants and white turtleneck and drove to the
studio. Tristy, my best friend and fellow judge, was there, fuming in a purple
blouse and white pants. We originally met in college; we were roommates. She
was the one who introduced me to Kyle. He was her brother’s friend. “Hi. Sorry
I’m late.”

“Late my ass,” Tristy snorted. “We start in two minutes. What happened,
anyway? You’re never late.”

“Something happened yesterday.”

Tristy eyed me expectantly. “What?”

“Kyle and I broke up.”

Tristy’s jaw dropped. She thought Kyle and I were soul-mates from the start;
she was ecstatic when we got together. I knew this would crush her. “_What?”_

_ _“He cheated on me. He said he was drunk but he’s never drunk. He slept with
some whore he doesn’t even know.”

Tristy’s eyes darkened. “That fucking bastard,” she breathed. “He’s gonna
fucking pay.” I sighed and sat down in my chair. Tristy took her seat beside
me with her hands in fists. “How the fuck could he do that?” The word _rage
_was clearly written all over her face. “What the fuck is his problem? He was
_drunk? That’s _his excuse? He never gets drunk. Never. My brother’s known him
for eight years and Kyle has never, ever, ever gotten fucking drunk, that
fucking dumbass—”

Tristy’s rant was interrupted by the camera crew’s counting. “Three, two,
one…”

