### Rulers of Terrace View 28 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-09-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Part 28!!!! Layla must compete for his attention/ Read all 28 parts! 

* * *

**Part 28**

**Please leave any feedback to let me know what you think about the story! **

**Enjoy. **

I forgot how beautiful she is. _Shit_.

He moves towards the edge of the bed, away from my grasp. I am immediately
flushed with jealousy and my blush continues its burn.

“M-Mirabella?” he asks, and I can hear awe in his voice.

“Master!” she cries and runs over and he stands and they embrace. It’s not a
platonic hug or even a romantic hug. They are holding each other like their
bodies ached to be together, like they aren’t whole without each other. I am
now so flooded with jealousy that I am practically dying from it.

When they pull back, I notice she is crying. He wipes some of the tears from
her eyes in a loving manner. I don’t know how much more of this I can take.
Not much. She smiles and blushes a little, a perfect, adorable blush. I am now
insanely jealous of how gorgeous this lady- well, robot, is. She is absolutely
stunning and neither Aaron nor I can keep our eyes off her.

_Well, Layla, you tried your best._ Game over. No way. I have not a single
prayer in heaven, not a single tiny chance of winning this war. Mira will best
me at everything. I move towards the edge of the bed too, when they both seem
to notice for the first time there is someone else here. Aaron opens his mouth
but I cut him off quickly.

“You two probably have a lot of catching up and I don’t want to intrude on
anything, so,”

“Layla,” Aaron says my name. He says it forcefully. I look over at him, trying
my best to hide my blush and my overwhelming urge to sob uncontrollably.
“Please, don’t go. You’ve never met Mirabella.”

I stand and hold out my hand.

“I’m Layla,” I say with a smile. It’s forced, of course, but it’s a good
effort at least.

“Hello, Miss Layla. You can call me Mira. If you need anything, please don’t
hesitate to ask me!” She is so sweet and pleasant I almost don’t want to leave
anymore. But I realize I still feel like I am interfering to a certain degree.

“Thank you!” I say. “Well, having fun catching up,” I say with a half-smile
and head towards the door.

“Layla!” Aaron says this in such a weird tone I stop and turn around. He looks
really upset, his face slightly crumpled and obviously distraught.

“Aaron,”

“Please don’t leave!”

“I’m sorry, it’s getting late anyway. I have to go home. I’ll talk to you
soon.”

And although I give him a smile he continues to watch me, silently, the same
upset look on his face. It almost stops me, almost.

I get home and see my parents and Max in the living room.

“How is everything?” my mom asks me casually, not looking away from the T.V.
screen. They’re all watching some crime drama.

“It’s okay,” I say, trying to sound ambiguous. I have no idea what Tony and
Max have told my parents. And even though I don’t know what they did, I’m
grateful. My mom isn’t yelling at me and my dad doesn’t seem to care anymore
than his wife about my absence even though I’m supposed to be grounded. Max
looks at me and I go into the kitchen for something to eat before they can ask
any more questions. I hear someone follow me in, already knowing it would
happen.

“What happened?” Max asks, approaching me quickly. I take a can of soda out of
the fridge.

“I found Elaina and we managed to diffuse some things because Hudson was
already there.”

“He what?!”

“He was already there and,” we both stop and look over when we hear someone
approaching the kitchen.

My mom walks in, looking at us both curiously.

“What are you two doing in here? Did I hear you talking?” This sounds more
like an accusation than something every parents should want their children to
do.

“No, we were arguing over chips,” I say trying to sound casual. My mom looks
at us for another moments and then says,

“Oh.” She goes into the fridge and grabs a pitcher of lemonade. After pouring
some she leaves again. We act casual and eat some chips that were already out
on the counter.

“I’ll tell you more later,” I say to him. He nods and leaves too.

I sit at the counter and eat some chips and drink my soda. I pull out my cell
phone when I become tired of staring blankly at the wall and thinking about
how totally screwed I am. Mirabella will always be one step ahead. She already
is. She and Aaron have been together much longer than I have even lived in
this town. What the hell am I going to do?

I open my phone and see a few texts. 2 are from Aaron. I hold my breath.

_I’m sorry about Mirabella. _

_ We had a talk. _

_ _I have no idea what any of it means. Maybe he was referring to her barging
in unannounced. But would he be upset at her for that? They are, after all,
inseparable… or so I’ve heard. I text him back, trying to sound casual
although I have no idea what he is talking about.

_Please don’t worry about anything. I have to do some homework and get to
sleep, so I had to come home. _

_ _I have a strong urge to add on “good night” but I don’t want to cut off our
conversation. So I turn off the screen and put it on the counter. After a few
moments of silence from Aaron and obsession from me, I pick up my phone to
read my other texts. One is from Max, it’s old. And the other is from Grace.
She tells me that she wants to hang out with me soon.

I wonder if she knows. I bet she does. Maybe she wants to hang out because she
knows and it would be particularly beneficial for her. What the hell is wrong
with me? Why would I be thinking such terrible things? I realize I have to go
cleanse myself and take a shower. I’m just feeling slightly abandoned,
terribly jealous and completely hopeless. My negative emotions are breeding
negative thoughts.

When I get upstairs, the rest of my family is still downstairs. So I take a
shower and try to rinse myself clean of the negativity. Despite my best
efforts, I close my eyes and immediately see Aaron and Mira embracing every
time. It was as if I witnessed two lovers embrace after long months apart. My
stomach lurches and my airheaded state leads to shampoo dripping into my eye.

I can’t lose him. I don’t even care if he wants both of us. I just can’t lose
him. The shower has been running now for a while so I decide to finally step
out. My attempted cleansing is a failure. I’m not paying much attention to my
surroundings so I am startled when I walk into my room and hear a voice.

“You took long enough,” the voice says. I jump and look over towards my bed.
Max is sitting on my bed, cross-legged with Brownie in his lap.

“Shit!” I say loudly.

“Whoa, sorry, spacey much?”

“I’m distracted.”

“Boyfriend trouble?”

“He’s not my boyfriend! And probably never will be,” I say miserably and
motion for Max to turn around and face the wall so I can change into my
pajamas. He rolls his eyes as he turns his body.

“Why do you always doubt not only yourself, but everything and everyone around
you?”

“It’s not doubt, Max! Mirabella is back.”

“Mirabella?”

“His A.I.”

“Holy shit, he has an A.I?”

“Watch your language and yes, he does. She’s very beautiful and she’s
completely tied to him.” I put on my pajamas and sit at my desk. Max hears me
sit and turns around.

“He likes you, you know.”

I look up and meet Max’s eyes. They’re almost the exact same color as mine.

“What? How do _you_ know?”

“Today. I saw it.”

“Mira and Aaron have been together a lot longer and are a lot more intimate. I
could never compete.”

“Layla, she’s a _robot_, she’s not human. Mirabella and Aaron Jeffers could
never be.”

I’m stunned into silence. It’s true, isn’t it? A human and artificial
intelligence in love? Possibly. The odds of that story turning out well? Very
low.

“Now,” Max says confidently. “Tell me about what happened.”

I think back to the events of the earlier. Elaina, Ronnie, the doors opening…
I am hit with a realization as I look at my brother.

“You want to know what happened after you left the room?”

He looks at me, seemingly confused. And then I see the light of realization in
his eyes too.

“You! It was you who I ran passed right outside the door.” He looks at the
ground, like he is reliving it.

“After you left, Elaina and Ronnie and I went in. Hudson was blindsided like I
hoped he would be since Elaina looks just like her mother. He dropped the gun
and left. I don’t know what has happened to him.” And this is the truth. I
have no idea if he ever even got out of the house. It’s very plausible that he
never did get out of the house. I don’t know where he would be or what would
be happening right now but I do know that the Jeffers have that kind of power.

“Why did he leave?”

“Oh right, you don’t know. Hudson and Cooper were good friends back in the
day. But a business they started and the fact Cooper stole Hudson’s girlfriend
tore their friendship apart. Cooper married Hudson’s ex and Elaina looks just
like her. It’s pretty weird how similar they look.”

“Isn’t she…”

“Deceased? Yes, but I’ve seen pictures.” Aaron keeps a picture of her on his
desk. I blush, hoping that maybe one day I will be on his desk too. I’ve seen
her a few other places as well in the two homes.

“And he stopped? Just like that?”

“Yeah. I know what I did was wrong, bringing Elaina into danger like that. I’m
lucky it paid off in the end.” I realize this is true as I say it.

Max says something that I don’t hear and when I finally look up at him, he is
heading towards the door.

We exchange ‘good nights’ and he closes the door. I look at my phone, still no
texts. I lie down and fall asleep before I even realize what I am doing.

School continues to be weird. The people who talked to me recently are eyeing
me now, impatient for a response. I know I’m not going to bring it up to Aaron
until I think he can give the proposals real thought. And he’s in no place to
do that now. Except, maybe he is.

She’s back. And I know that she never leaves his side, which is a good thing.
Since he’s been without her, he’s already collapsed twice and once took place
on a flight of stairs. Now that she’s with him again she can take care of him
24/7 like she is meant to do. I think about her taking care of him and I
instantly get insanely jealous. Up until now, I’ve been the one taking care of
him. Although, I guess I haven’t been doing a very good job considering he’s
already collapsed twice in my care.

Great. Now all I’m going to be good for is reporting to Aaron that people want
more from him. And that is not going to be a welcomed activity. No one in that
house wants to see him suffer any more. He’s already paid his dues and had to
endure so much over the past few weeks that I just can’t bring up to him the
issues that have recently been presented to me by my peers.

And as if my personal life isn’t bad enough, more people at school try to pull
me aside to ask favors of me. And by favors, I mean, ask me to contact Aaron
Jeffers for them. How selfish of them all! They know how hard everything has
been recently for Aaron. They’ve heard about he’s physically and mentally
exhausted and yet they all want _more_ from him!? I reach my breaking point
when a girl named Beth intercepts me before lunch.

“So I was wondering if you could ask Aaron,”

“Listen, you’re around number… 23 in line so don’t think you’ll be getting an
answer anytime within the next few months. He’s still really hurt and has way
more on his plate than any of us. So why are we all demanding so much from
him? Can’t he catch a break anywhere?!”

“Hey you’re just lucky he likes you! We’ve all known him a lot longer and
_you’re_ an outsider. What makes you so special?” she asks me, accusatory.

I stand, mouth open, unable to speak.

“I know,” I say, becoming deflated and looking at the floor. “It’s true.”

“Oh, hey…”

“What’s your message for him?” I ask her now, put in my proper place as an
outsider.

“You know what? Seems to me like you have a lot on your plate, too. Forget
about this, all of it.” She gives me a little smile and walks away.

Although this interaction is refreshing, it does nothing to stop the three
other people who approach me this afternoon. When the bell rings after History
I decide I’m not going to bring any of these issues to Aaron anytime soon and
that those who asked me are going to have to deal with it. I’m going to live
by my words and give him a break. I can at least do that.

Kevin looks at me while he’s putting his things away. I still haven’t moved
yet.

“What are you doing? You’ve been so distant these past few days. What’s going
on? It’s _him_ isn’t it?”

I look at him, surprised.

“It is! What’s going on?”

“She’s back.” I say flatly, packing up.

“What?”

“Mirabella! She’s back.”

“Are you jealous of a robot?” Kevin asks as we walk down the hallway.

“Shouldn’t I be?” I ask him. Kevin is silent.

“Well… there_ have _been rumors in the past.”

“Rumors of what?”

“Aaron and Mira. But I think people let their imaginations run away with them
because the two can’t be separated. She’s isn’t human, after all. She is his
property, it could never be the same as a real relationship.”

“But…he does seem to respect and _love_ her.”

“That’s just because she takes care of him. That’s not an easy thing to do,”
he answers.

_Yeah, I know._

I nod and smile and wave to him as he meets his brother. We say our goodbyes
as they leave.

After a few moments, I feel a hand on my shoulder. It’s a big hand like I knew
it would be. Tony. I turn around and look at him. He gives me a smile and a
hug. I hug him back.

“How is he?” I ask as we walk to the car.

“He’s okay. Mira is back now so he’s less likely to get hurt but it can
definitely still happen. You saw how hurt he was even when Mira was here.”

I think about it as we approach the car. It’s all black with tinted windows.
Very Jeffers-y. He was mostly hurt from before I even lived here. And Mira was
there at the time, too. I smile to myself as Tony opens the door for me. He’s
given me a new perspective. I give Tony a big smile of appreciation and when I
slide into the back seat there is someone already there.

