### Drunk in Love Chap. 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-09-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Cameryn's POV

I was always the first one to speak, but the words wouldn’t come. Tristy
elbowed me in the ribs. I took a deep breath. “I know you’ve all worked very
hard to get here, and today, you’ll find out who’s won America’s Next Top
Chef. And if that’s not enough of a reward, you also win a fully furnished
restaurant to own and manage. But before we get to that, there are some pretty
interesting memories we’ve had in this competition. I think this has been, by
far, the most competitive group on this show. Especially Claribelle, who is
one of our three finalists. As you all know, John and Anna are also finalists.
I know you’re itching to know who has won, but why don’t we look at some
moments in the past seven weeks first…”

Honestly, today was the longest day of work I'd ever had. I normally had no
trouble staying awake and aware through the day, but today lagged so much I
thought I was going to pass out from exhaustion. I stayed up almost all night
thinking about Kyle, the bastard I'd been dating for the last year. He was
such a nice guy, but like lke my mother used to say, nice didn't necessarily
mean good. I hated the way he sulked out the door; it was his damn fault. It
wasn't like I was overreatcting. I had every right to be mad. He fucking
cheated on me for God's sake! What was I supposed to do, just forgive him like
it never happened?

I told my thoughts to Tristy, who agreed with my every word. "The next time I
see him, he's going to receive the verbal beating of his life," she stated
flaly as we were walking out of the building and to the parking lot. "You
wanna come over for dinner tonight? Rex is cooking spaghetti and meatballs. I
know it's your favorite."

I thought about refusing but Tristy would make me go anyway, so there was no
point in trying. I'd learned and relearned that too many times in the past.
“Sure,” I mumbled. She nodded and unlocked her silver Accura. “What time?”

“Seven,” she replied. Tristy drove away leaving me to watch her car disappear.
Sighing, I listened to my favorite song on the way back to my apartment. I
turned the music up and sang along, trying to forget Kyle. I couldn't. It
wasn't working. The lyrics made me even more depressed. _Fuck you, Kyle, fuck
you,_ I thought to myself as I stepped through the door. I dropped my purse
onto the chair in the livng room and grabbed a ginger beer from the fridge.
The can hissed as I opened it, the fizzing of the carbonated drink
excrutiatingly loud in my ears. I sank into the chair and turned on the TV. My
favorite show, Breaking Bad, was on, but instead of making me happy like it
usually did, it made me cry.

* * *

Kyle's POV

As soon as I turned on the TV in my house, the familiar faces of the stars of
Breaking Bad immediately blasted me with a pang of heartache. I missed
Cameryn; I missed her smile, her laughs, her playful jokes that led us to the
bedroom...it had only been a day and I was already craving just a moment with
her. _But no, Kyle, you had to go and fuck it up, you dumbass. And now you're
never going to get her back. There goes your future wife. You might as well
toss the ring and cancel the reservation at Olive Oil. She'll never want you
again._

No matter how hard I tried to push her out, Cameryn kept coming back to me.
The look of shock on her face would always be seared into my mind; how
horrified she was made me feel like killing myself. I hurt her. I hurt
Cameryn. _Yeah, that's right you fucking asshole. What the fuck did you
expect? Automatic forgiveness? Hell no. You know Cameryn isn't like that._

_ Fuck my life, fuck my mistakes, fuck Wes's sister, Tristy, who's gonna give
me the verbal beating of a lifetime, fuck everything but Cameryn. _I opened
the fridge and took out a beer. I stared at it, debating whether to open it or
not. If I did, it would take my pain away. If I didn't, Cameryn wouldn't
believe I was drunk the night I cheated on her. I decided to go with the first
option.

Cold bubbles danced down to my stomach as I took a swig. I downed another
gulp, hoping I'd forget about everything. It worked.

When I woke up, I found myself lying on a couch in a familiar room. My head
was pounding, the blood throbbing throughout my entire body. I sat up and
winced, holding myself steady. "Oh great, you're up," said a voice. I looked
up and saw Wes's sister, Tristy, the one who'd hooked me up with Cameryn in
the first place. "Next time you get drunk, don't let Cameryn see you." She sat
next to me and took a sip of the glass in her hand. "You really fucked up. I
was going to scream at you until you went deaf, but then I decided not to."

“What made you change your mind?”

“The girl you slept with called me with your phone asking for someone with
black hair and blue eyes. She said your name was 'Kyle or something.’ She gave
me this.” Tristy handed me my phone. “You left it at her place.”

I blinked and took it, the light device feeling heavy in my palm. “And?”

“She asked if you were okay and said you ran out of her apartment as soon as
you woke up with a hangover. You two met at a club?”

“Yeah, I think so,” I answered. “I don’t remember all of it; I only remember
going somewhere with Wes and waking up in someone else’s apartment with a
headache.”

“You know Cameryn will never believe this, right?” I nodded sadly. “We’ll just
have to make her believe it. Oh, and by the way, I found you screaming
Cameryn’s name on the streets. It’s exactly like the song ‘Nothing’ by The
Script. You know that song?” I shook my head. “You should listen to it
sometime. I only hope she won’t say nothing.”

I looked at Tristy. “Can you tell her?”

Tristy sighed. “Kyle…”

“She’ll never believe me if I tell her. And besides, it’s not like she’ll want
to see my face again.”

Tristy studied me for a while. “Fine. But you’ve gotta be there.”

“What?” I scrolled through my contacts on my phone and stopped at Cameryn’s
name. It stared up at me, mocking me, taunting me; before I could stop it, my
finger tapped her name and the phone dialed. _Shit. _I waited to see if she’d
pick up and held it to my ear.

“Hello?”

“Cameryn? It’s me, Kyle.”

She hung up.

