### Drunk in Love Chap. 3 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-09-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Cameryn’s POV

I threw my phone onto the rug in front of me. Did he really expect me to talk
to him right now? No. I stared at the phone for what seemed like hours. I used
to wait anxiously for him to call me, but now I hated my phone. I hated the
memories it brought, both good and bad. We fought sometimes, but that was
normal. Tristy was probably wondering what the hell I was doing, sitting in my
apartment eating chocolate ice cream at midnight on a Monday.

I couldn’t get the image of a drunk Kyle out of my head. I remembered him
staggering behind Wes into Tristy’s apartment after we’d finished dessert. His
eyes were bloodshot and he swayed back and forth. I had run out of the
apartment and fled home, tears spilling down my face and staining the cement
as I ran. Had Kyle been sober, I knew he would’ve come after me. But he wasn’t
sober; he was drunk. _Damn you, Kyle, fuck you. _I shoveled another spoonful
of chocolate ice cream into my mouth just as my phone on the floor started
ringing. It was Tristy.

“Hello?” I said wearily.

“Uh, Cam, you might wanna come over here right now.”

“Why?”

“Because Kyle just passed out and his heart rate is really high…I think I
should take him to the hospital.”

My eyes widened as I hung up. I jumped up from the couch and slid my arms into
my coat. I was out the door and running down the sidewalk in seconds.

When I got to Tristy’s apartment, she and Wes were outside, carrying Kyle’s
limp body into their car. Out of breath, I stopped and stared at Kyle. His
face looked so innocent as if he were sleeping. I used to love waking up to
that beautiful face with open, sea blue eyes. It seemed like it had been years
since I’d seen him, but it had only been two days.

We got to the hospital and the ER took him immediately. They said his alcohol
level was 0.4 and was lucky he was still breathing. They asked me why he’d
been drinking so much and I told them we’d broken up a few days ago. I also
pointed out that he was the one who’d caused the breakup, not me. The nurse
sighed and walked away, leaving me to sit with Tristy and Wes in the waiting
room. “Cam…”

“What, Tristy?”

“Now’s not the ideal time to tell you, but…”

“Tristy, what?”

“He freaked out,” she said.

“What? Who?”

“Wes took him to a club on Friday night to celebrate his promotion and they
both got a little drunk. Wes came home but Kyle went to some other girl’s
apartment. He left his phone at her place in the morning because he was in
such a rush to get out that he forgot it. She called me, using his phone,
asking if I knew him because she wanted to return it to him. When I met her at
a coffee shop yesterday, she said he did the strangest thing that night. In
her words, she said, ‘He didn’t know my name but he kept calling me Cameryn.’”

I looked at Tristy. “That doesn’t justify what he did.”

Tristy pulled me outside the hospital. “It means he was so drunk he didn’t
know what he was doing. Kyle would never do something like this if he meant
it.”

“But he still did it.”

“Cam, you’re being stupid.”

“How so?”

“When you’re with him, you’re the happiest you’ve ever been. People make
mistakes. Kyle fucked up. We all do.”

“Yeah, but he literally _fucked up.”_

_ _“Cam, you’re going to have to realize sooner or later that all Kyle wants
is for you to be happy. He makes you happy. I can see it. Wes can see it.
_Kyle _can see it. He passed out before because he was so depressed about what
he did. You’re hurting as much as he is.”

I looked Tristy in the eye. “I’m going home.”

I walked away and didn’t look back. Right now, I needed to be alone.

When I got home, I went straight to the computer and looked at images of life
quotes. If I was going to move on, I needed some inspiration. One caught my
eye.

“I don’t forgive people because I’m weak, I forgive them because I am strong
enough to know people make mistakes.” - Marilyn Monroe

I immediately shut off the computer and went upstairs to the bathroom. I
washed my face, brushed my teeth, and changed into my pajamas, the silk ones
Kyle gave me this past Christmas. As I drifted off to sleep, a little voice in
my head kept telling me to forgive Kyle. I couldn’t. I couldn’t forgive what
he’d done.

When I woke up, I was running late. My car was parked in front of the
America’s Next Top Chef building in ten minutes. Tristy eyed me suspiciously
as I walked in. “You look like a mess, Cam.”

I sighed and gave her a hug. “Sorry for yesterday. I was a bitch.”

Tristy dismissed my apology with the wave of a hand. “It’s okay. You’ll get
through this.”

I looked at her gratefully. “Thanks.”

