### Drunk in Love Chap. 4 The End! by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-09-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Cameryn's POV

Work was slow since the competition was over. We mostly patched up some stuff
with the episode editing. I worked with Claribelle, the winner of the show,
for a few hours before going home. I turned on the TV and watched Breaking
Bad. Any thought, memory, or image of Kyle was pushed to the very back of my
mind.

* * *

Kyle’s POV

I woke up to bright lights and Wes’s face. I blinked. Wes leaned back as I sat
up. My head throbbed, the waves of pain flowing in and out like the tide on a
beach. “You okay, man?”

“I’m fine.”

“Cam left.”

My breath caught. “What?”

“Cam. She came to the hospital with us, but she left a minute ago.” Tristy
came up behind Wes. She shrugged in apology.

“I tried to get her to stay. She’s such damn hardheaded bitch; I don’t know
what to do with her. I told her what happened that night but she just walked
away.”

I groaned and swung my legs over the bed. I must’ve passed out. My heart ached
for Cam’s touch, her laugh, her smile…if I could just hear her voice again.

“She needs time. It’s only been a few days,” said Wes. I hung my head. All I
could think about was Cameryn.

Three weeks went by. Each day was torture; I longed to see her but I knew
she’d hate me forever if I even tried to call her. She was shut off, Cameryn,
just like she was before I met her. It took a long time to break through her
shell when I first met her, and now she’d slipped the cracked shell back on. I
had to find the crack and slip through somehow. It was helpless, though,
because Cameryn didn’t believe Tristy. So, to put it mildly, I was fucked up.
And it was my fault.

I stared at my phone. No. I couldn’t call her. I couldn’t.

The can of Coke sat on the table in front of me. Breaking Bad was playing on
TV, the show Cameryn and I used to watch before we went to sleep. I ached for
her touch. I looked up as my front door opened. It was Tristy.

“You need to go see her right now,” she demanded. I shook my head.

“She doesn’t want to see me.”

“She’s miserable,” Tristy argued. “She was crying on the phone and I am not
going to stand by and watch my fucking best friend hurt. No. Absolutely not.
So you’d better get your sorry fucking ass over to her fucking apartment and
talk to her before she goes into another fucking depression phase.”

I sighed. “I can’t, Tristy. I’ll only make it worse.”

“MOVE YOUR FUCKING ASS RIGHT FUCKING NOW, KYLE RENAY!”

Cameryn’s POV

I sat in front of the TV, watching Breaking Bad. I cried when they found the
prime suspect. I reached for the mug of tea on the side table as the door
opened. I raised the steaming porcelain cup to my lips and took a sip.
“Tristy, I told you I’m fine,” I said flatly.

“I know,” she replied. “But you two need to have a talk because you’re both
being ridiculous. You’re both depressed and you’re both being obnoxiously
hardheaded. Now talk.” The door slammed shut. I froze.

“Hey,” that familiar voice said softly. I was afraid to look up. _Don’t look,
Cameryn. Looking leads to wanting. Wanting leads to hurting. Hurting leads to
sadness. No looking._

I didn’t raise my eyes. “Hey,” I said softly. The cushions beside me dipped
and I saw black jeans next to me. Those were the ones I got him for his
birthday a few months ago. He wore them all the time.

“I know I fucked up,” he murmured. I didn’t say anything. “And I know that you
don’t want to see me. But what Tristy told you is the truth.”

“I know,” I whispered. “But it still happened.”

“I’m sorry, Cam, I’m so sorry.” His voice broke at the end, and it broke my
heart to hear it.

“I know, but it’s not going to work between us.”

“Goddammit, Cameryn!” Kyle yelled. I flinched and gripped my tea tighter.
“Can’t you see that I love you?” he said in a softer voice. “I love you and
I’m so sorry.”

I said nothing.

There was a moment of silence. “I just need to ask you one thing. Does this,
us being apart, make you happy? Are you happy without me? Answer honestly.”

I took a deep breath. I had nothing more to lose. “No,” I cried quietly.
Kyle’s breath caught. “No, I’m not happy without you.”

“Then why won’t you forgive me?”

_Forgive._ The word scared me.

_ _

_I went straight to the computer and looked at images of life quotes. If I was
going to move on, I needed some inspiration. One caught my eye._

_ _

_“I don’t forgive people because I’m weak, I forgive them because I am strong
enough to know people make mistakes.” - Marilyn Monroe_

_ _

_I immediately shut off the computer._

_ _

I knew Marilyn was right. I should forgive Kyle for what he did. A small part
of me wanted to. I wanted him desperately. But that didn’t change what he did.
“Because I can’t.”

Kyle took my hand, his skin warm against mine. His fingers intertwined with
mine; our hands fit perfectly into each other’s, just like they always had. I
loved him. I still loved Kyle. “Please, Cameryn. I need you.”

Tears spilled down my face but I made no sound. Kyle’s gentle fingertips wiped
them away. What would happen if I forgave him? Would everything go back to
normal, the way it was three weeks ago? What if I didn’t forgive him? Would I
ever get over this man or would I be lonely for the rest of my life? The words
fell from my mouth before I could stop them.

“I forgive you,” I sobbed. My chest heaved as my lungs struggled for air. Kyle
wrapped his arms around me as I cried into his shoulder. “I forgive you,
Kyle.”

He leaned back and wiped my tears again. “Don’t cry,” he murmured. I tried; I
really tried not to cry, but the tears kept flowing. Life was shit without him
and even I couldn’t deny that. Kyle’s soft lips met mine in a gentle kiss. I’d
almost forgotten how good of a kisser he was. I set my mug of tea on the table
and pulled him closer. Now I realized what Tristy was telling me: I was being
stupid by letting him go.

An hour later, I struggled to catch my breath. “I love you,” I breathed.
Kyle’s eyes blazed with passion as he smiled. His lips touched my forehead as
we sat side by side, watching Breaking Bad. My tea was cold now but I didn’t
care. I had Kyle to warm me up. His heat was more than enough.

Besides, I hated tea.

