### Random #2 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2014-09-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

"GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY FUCKING ROOM!!!!!" His name was Bleu....Bleu Dior.

And Bleu hated me. Boy, he hated my guts, I had no idea why.

"B-but, your mom, she just wanted me to tel-."

"LISTEN TO THE WORDS THAT ARE COMING OUT OF MY MOUTH YOU STUPID LITTLE BITCH,
GET THE FUCK OUT NOW!" Bleu reached for the lamp that was on his side dresser
and he threw it. I screamed and ducked as it flew past me, hitting the hallway
wall. "OUT!"

He didn't need to tell me twice, I turned and ran out, closing his bedroom
door. I walked away, wiping my tears.

"Honey?" Bleu's mother, Mrs. Beverly Dior, spoke gently. I looked up at her
and tried smiling through my tears.

"I tried," I gave up. "He hates my guts Mrs. Beverly."

"He'll warm up to the idea," she gave a sad smile.

"He won't," I walked away from her. Bleu would never forgive me. His father
died because of me. His best friend, his partner in crime, his hero, his
father, he died because of me! And he would never forgive me.

My parents, they were drunk and my father, he had a gun. My mother had been
screaming at my father and my father shot the gun at the floor, supposedly and
he shot my mother instead. She died immideately, I mean, a bullet to the head,
who could survive that?

I heard the gun go off and went running to check what was happening and found
my mother dead on the floor, staring at the ceiling. My father stuttered as he
apologized over and over again.

I was in shock for a while, staring between my father and now dead mother.
Neighbors had heard the gun shot and called the police. Bleu's dad was the
captain and he knocked down the front door.

My father didn't want to go to jail and he pulled me into his arms, the barrel
of the gun resting against my temple. I couldn't react, I couldn't even
breathe. Bleu's dad aimed his gun, trying to get my father to let go of me but
my father didn't, he pulled the trigger and Bleu's father followed. My dad
died almost immideately and Bleu's dad made it to the hospital but died after
an hour.

Having no family, Mr. Tyler Dior's wife, asked me if I'd like to live with
her, if she could take me in meanwhile I finished high school and I said yeah.
She had taken me in, her oldest daughter, Tania forgave me and was more like a
sister to me. Tyler Jr, none as TJ, was after Tania and he forgave me as well.
The baby of the family, Brown, forgave me too. But Bleu? Bleu didn't forgive
me, he couldn't, he wouldn't.

"Why are you crying?" Brown frowned as I sat beside him on the sofa. He was
watching an episode of Boy Meets World. The kid was ten, lost his father only
a couple of months ago, just like I lost both of my parents.

"No reason, just girl things," I shrugged. "What happens in this episode?"

"Topanga doesn't want to get married to Cory and breaks up with him," he
explained. I nodded and sat back, thinking of Bleu. Did he not know I lost my
parents too? Lost my home, lost everything? At least he still had family, I
didn't have anybody.

The Dior family, they were all good looking people. All the children had light
brown hair, from their father, their mother had blonde hair. Tania and Brown
had green eyes from their mother and TJ and Bleu had hazel eyes from their
father. They were all white.

I, on the other hand, was light brownskinned with natural long and curly dark
brown hair and pretty big light brown eyes. My mother was straight black and
my dad was half black and half white.

"Kids, dinner is served," Mrs. Beverly announced. Since her two oldest kids
lived on their own, it was just four of us in the house. Three of us got along
pretty well, the other kid, well, he was in his own world, only barely
listened to his mother.

We were seated at the dining table, already eating when he arrived. He ignored
me and said hi to his mother and brother before sitting down and digging in.

I finished my dinner quietly and got up to wash the dishes, I was done when he
put his dish in the sink. I just washed it and dried my hands. My phone had
been vibrating non stop so I checked my messages as I walked for the stairs. I
bumped into somebody and my eyes went wide when I realized it was Bleu. I fell
down on my ass and stared up at him as he glared at me. "Watch where you're
going bitch." My phone had fell as well, the screen cracking. He just ignored
me and walked down the hall for the office room. I bit on my lip to keep from
crying and shook my head.

It's all good Isabella, it's all good.

The next morning I woke up early enough to get ready for school. Bleu and I
were seniors in high school. He had just turned eighteen and I was seventeen.
Brown was in the fifth grade.

"Took you long enough," Bleu mumbled when I got into his car.

"I'm sorry, I couldn't find what to wear," I explained. "Didn't know whether
the blue shirt went along with these jeans or if-."

"SHUT UP! I DON'T FUCKING CARE!" he drove off. I shut my mouth and looked out
the window.

We drove in complete silence and I frowned. "Bleu, I'm sorry," I whispered.

"Isabella, shut up," he said.

"No, you should listen to me," I turned to him. "I'm sorry, but not only did
you lose your dad but I lost both of my parents as well!"

"Your fucking parents were fucking potheads and drunkies!" he stopped the car
and parked it in the school parking lot. "You and those fucking idiots killed
my dad! He was a good man and you fucking killed him! Why don't you just kill
yourself as well? Make my life easier!" Then he got out the car and he slammed
the door shut, leaving me in the car.

I stared after him as he entered the building.

I breathed out and closed my eyes. Could I continue living with this? With him
wanting me dead?

I wiped my tears away and got out of his car, walking home. I couldn't go to
school like this. I just couldn't.

"Isabella, what happened?" Mrs. Beverly walked out of the kitchen. "Oh geez,
honey, why are you crying?" I shook my head and walked into her arms.

"I'm sorry I killed your husband," I sobbed. "Im sorry I'm ruining Bleu's
life."

"No no," she held me tightly against her. "You didn't kill my husband. Bleu
just doesn't understand, he's hurt, he's mourning still."

"He wants me dead," I whispered. "He wants me dead and gone."

"Oh honey," she sighed and kissed my forehead. "He'll ask for forgiveness,
he'll be okay, you'll be okay, we'll all be okay."

"I have to go," I pushed away from her. "I have to go."

"Where will you go Isabella?" she frowned. "Where can you go?"

Home.

* * *

I had been home for a month. Everybody that was Mrs. Beverly and three of her
children knew where I was at. The fourth one, well I bet he didn't give a
damn. He did want me dead after all.

I had avoided school for the entire month but now I had to go back, I couldn't
keep missing school.

Sighing, I got off my bed and got dressed into a white t-shirt and light blue
jeans that hugged my legs nicely with a pair of cute sandals. My hait was
curly like always, nothing new.

The walk to school was about half an hour, I had no car and definitely had no
money for transportation, all the money Mrs. Beverly gave me I used it on
groceries.

I entered the school building and went to my first class. The teacher hadn't
entered yet so I went for my seat and looked out the window.

I heard a familiar chuckle and I flinched as I looked towards the door.

Bleu was entering with his best friend Jerry. Bleu glanced around the
classroom and his eyes snapped to mine. I swallowed and looked back out the
window.

I could feel him stalking his way to me until he was seated beside me. He said
nothing for a few moments then he spoke, "Where have you been?"

"Away," I answered.

"Are you returning home?" Now that question caught me off guard. I turned to
look at him and found him staring at me.

"W-what?"

"Will you be returning home?" He hadn't even called me a bitch or anything. He
hadn't said a curse word, yet.

"No," I shook my head. "You wanted me gone and away so I left, I'm not going
back to your house."

"Who are you living with?" He looked away, our eyes had been locked for a
while.

"Nobody."

"How are you surviving?"

"Why all the questions?"

"Answer me!"

"Your mother is supporting me." He cursed under his breath and he brushed his
hand over his face.

"You need to come back home," he looked at me. "You need to come back."

"You want me dead, why should I go back so you can continue yelling at me and
throwing stuff at me and calling me names and telling me I should kill
myself?" I snapped. "No thank you."

"You need to come back Isabella," he glared at me. "You're coming back."

"No!"

"Yes!"

"Go to hell Bleu."

"I lived there for a month and it was horrible. Please come back."

I was quiet as I looked over him. The entire class was quiet and he sighed,
grabbing my hand. He pulled me out of the classroom and we walked out of the
building. He led me to his nice car and we sat inside in silence.

"I'm sorry," he spoke first. "Come back."

"You want me dead..." I shook my head.

"I want you alive...I want you near me, I want you where I can protect you."

"Bleu, what are you saying? I don't understand," I frowned. He was so
confusing!

He groaned and cupped my face, pulling me closer to him and looking down at my
lips, "I want you," he whispered before taking my lips in a kiss. I froze as
he slowly nipped at my bottom lip, eyes on mine. "I want you Isabella.." My
eyes closed and I tilted my head to kiss him softly. He wrapped his fingers in
my hair and kissed me a little harder, sliding his tongue into my mouth.

He pulled back and our eyes opened. "I'm sorry I've been an asshole. I'm sorry
about your parents, sorry I've never been there for you. You lost both of them
and I only lost one. He's a true hero because he saved such a beautiful girl.
Forgive me please."

I sniffled as I climbed onto his lap, wrapping my arms around him and pressing
my forehead against his. "I forgive you Bleu."

"Will you come home with me?" He kissed my nose and the corner of my lips.

"Yes, let's go home."

