### Rulers of Terrace View 29 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-09-30. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Layla sees Aaron again, and runs into problems... again. Please read either all 29 parts or just this newest addition! Their love always grows. 

* * *

**Part 29**

**I haven't gotten much feedback recently so please let me know your thoughts on the story! Enjoy. **

Aaron. He is sitting next to me, and as soon as Tony closes the door we are on
each other. He is holding my face as we kiss and I swing a leg over his legs
so I am straddling his lap. I feel his other hand on my waist. My hands are
gently but firmly gripping his shoulder and a bicep, and his scent is strong.
It fills my nose and my mind full with Aaron. I can taste the minty gum he’s
chewing.

At first we pay no mind when the car lurches forward. When did Tony even get
in the car? I haven’t paid any attention to anything that isn’t Aaron Jeffers
in a long time and I’m not paying attention to _anything_ else but him right
now. But then when we have to stop at a red-light, Aaron and I realize I
should sit down properly and put on my seatbelt. So I do. I see Tony watching
us in the rear-view mirror. I stick out my tongue at him playfully.

Aaron puts his hand on my leg. It’s his left hand with the bad wrist. He has a
black hand-brace on and when I look up into his dark eyes he smiles
brilliantly at me. I melt again. I am, once again, a puddle of goo. He can
still melt me all the way down.

He gives me a smile out of the corner of his mouth. “What are you thinking
about?”

“Mira,” I say before I can stop myself. And although his smile disappears,
when I smack a hand to my mouth in shame he laughs a little. What a wonderful
sound. Even Tony seems to revel in it. Aaron reaches up and pulls my hand off
my mouth gently. I give in quickly and we end up just holding hands. I blush
deeply, furiously.

“Hey,” he says softly. I look up at him, noticing that he looks better today.
Although he is still hot when he’s exhausted and in pain, he is even more
radiant when he is rested and feels better, if only a little. I mean, _good
Lord_, he’s sexy right now. The uniform jacket for his school is on the seat
between us, and his shirt sleeves are folded up again- along with his pant
leg. There are sunglasses on his head in his mess of dark red hair and he is
so gorgeous I think I might die.

His dark eyes meet my gaze steadily and he says,

“I won’t- no, _couldn’t_ forget about you. So don’t worry so much LB.” As if
he couldn’t be charming and handsome enough, he gives me a little, genuine
smile. His eyes are smiling too. And it’s as if my body can move of its own
will now without my mind’s permission and I grab his face, landing my lips
gently but forcefully on his. I love him. _I love him._

When I pull back, he looks surprised but happy. I point to his bad leg and pat
my lap because I know that right now I am unable to speak. He never fails to
rob me of that particular ability. He gives me a smile and loosens his
seatbelt so he can put his back against the window and lift his right leg onto
my lap, which he does.

I know what he wants, no- could use right now. A massage. Every time I try to
massage him it is ended prematurely. So right now I make sure to utilize my
alone time with him to his benefit. I knead his upper calf and around the top
of his boot. I’m very careful and he enjoys it immediately, closing his eyes,
his head falling slightly forward. He stays like this for a few long moments
and decides he wants more.

So I see him open his eyes and look at me closely. I meet his gaze and can’t
help but blush. Ugh. Will I ever stop this hideous blushing?!

He looks down at his boot and then back up at me.

“Do you mind if I… if I take off the boot?” He asks me this so delicately I
want to answer with ‘of course I don’t mind!’ right away. But I can’t.

“I,” I pause nervously, my stomach turning. “I really don’t want to hurt you.”

“I have faith,” he says to me with a smile. _Yeah, that’s the problem. _“Have
faith in yourself for me.” He smiles even more after he says this. As a
result, this **really** gets my heart pumping. And I can’t speak, so instead I
just nod. He carefully removes the boot and I finally get to see his leg. It
still is discolored and swollen and I flinch when I see it. It still looks
pretty terrible. He doesn’t seem to mind and begins to put it on my lap when I
gently catch it and stick his jacket under his leg. My legs aren’t going to be
very comfortable for resting a healing bone. There are a few layers of gauze
around the middle of his foot but otherwise there is nothing on his leg but
impression marks from folds on the inside of the boot.

When I look back up at him, he is watching me, his dark eyes taking in
everything. I can’t help but blush once again and he gives me an encouraging
but short smile before closing his eyes. I begin to gently massage his leg but
notice that we aren’t headed towards his house. We’re heading for mine.

I am immediately sickened, praying silently that he won’t break off our
relations- whatever we have because of Mira’s return. I begin to shake a
little. Even though my hands are shaky I try to continue to gently massage his
leg. But I end up getting a shake that causes my hand to tense up and squeeze
his leg a little too hard.

He makes an “ah” sound and flinches hard at the same time so I feel even worse
than before. I take my hands off his leg and when he looks up at me, I can’t
take any more. I burst into tears and bury my face into my hands.

“Whoa, hey,” he says gently, leaning towards me and putting a hand on my back.
He rubs it a little but then sits back again. I do still have his leg on my
lap, after all. “What’s going on Layla? You can talk to me,” he says this
softly, caringly.

I’m the worst person in the world. This guy has nothing to do with my stupid
insecurities but he gets to reap the consequences from my ridiculous
obsession. It’s like he emits pheromones or something. I can’t seem to stop my
world from centering on him. I’m sure it would be better for him if it didn’t.

“I’m so s-s-sorry,” I sob.

“What is it?” he asks gently.

“I m-mess every-y-thing up.”

“What are you talking about?”

I sniff and wipe my eyes and look up. We’re pulling into my driveway so I
better get to the point soon.

“P-please don’t chose just her. Please d-don’t make me go.” I say this all
carefully so I don’t stutter much. To my surprise, he gives me a beautiful,
genuine smile. I am so captivated I almost don’t hear what he says.

“That’s what all this is about? I _have_ to drop you off here right now,
Layla. I promised your mom I would yesterday. It was part of our agreement,
I’m sorry I forgot to explain it to you. I have every intention of seeing you
whenever I can. But you don’t have work today. So for now we’ll have to settle
with this little time together. We’ll get more time soon, I promise.”

“Aaron,” I say, now more calm. I manage a little smile and he looks pleased.
We make eye contact and my stomach lurches. “I’m so sorry I hurt you.”

“I barely felt a thing,” he says with a smile.

“Please, whatever you do, be careful and take care of yourself.”

He is putting on the boot again, pulling at the straps and locks. When he’s
done he looks up at me and gives me a big smile before nodding.

“Okay,” he says. “I’ll text you soon.” Then he plants his lips on mine again.
I don’t think I’ll ever get used to kissing Aaron Jeffers.

I enter the house to my brother, lounging on the couch.

“Did your boyfriend drop you off?”

I sigh. “Yes Max,_ Aaron_ dropped me off here. He was under strict orders from
Mom.”

“Yeah, I know.”

“You knew and didn’t tell me?”

“Well, yeah, you mean you didn’t know?”

“Obviously not!” I fall back onto the couch near him and we both lounge for a
bit. Then Max unmutes the TV and we watch some SpongeBob before I grab a snack
and then head upstairs. My brother obviously doesn’t care where I am headed.

I enter my room and close the door after Brownie follows me in. I sit on my
bed with my laptop as Brownie crawls into my lap.

I can’t help but think about what that guy Michael said about Aaron and the
boardwalk psychic. I also can’t help but obsess over what Kevin said about the
rumors of intimacy between Aaron and Mira. I think about how upset he was to
lose her.

But that would be normal! Especially because she has been by his side for
three years straight now. I suppose being emotionless about it would be much
worse and very troublesome. And although people and probably even Aaron
sometimes view her as an object, as property, I know she could never actually
be those things in his eyes.

And then I have a sickening realization. Maybe while Aaron has always been my
hero, Mirabella has been his. I hate to view this as a possibility but I know
it is. Where would that leave me?

_Aaron, please don’t leave me. _

I couldn’t bear for him to leave me now and that is my truth.

I realize I am obsessing over nothing at this point and that I should do
something useful with my time. So I try to concentrate on some assignments
online but my phone buzzes. True to word, it’s him.

_I’m sorry I had to leave you behind. _And that’s all the text says. He’s
thinking of me. I blush. He’s isn’t even within a mile of me and I’m
**blushing**! How embarrassing.

_It’s okay, I have something little and fuzzy to keep me company, thanks to
you._

_ Well then, he’s doing his job. _

_ _I try to calm my blush, but this is never any easy thing when it comes to
Aaron.

_Promise me you will get more rest today. _

_ If I promise you that, will you go to dinner with me Sunday night? _The day
my punishment ends. For a while I just stare at the screen, unsure of whether
my eyes are lying to me or not. But when the text doesn’t disappear, I force
myself to think of an answer. It has to sound good. Anything but lame.

I will probably respond with something lame. Sigh.

_I guess I have no choice. _Lame. So freaking lame! I’m such a loser. I am
wishing I could take back the text when a response pops up.

_You have a choice. _

_ For me, there is no choice. _Great. The truth finally arrives. I hope he
doesn’t get freaked out by that. What is wrong with me? I’ve never been so
bold before but I thought maybe he was being flirty. I read back over the
conversation and realize that maybe Aaron’s intention was not to be open and
flirty. Just when I begin the advanced stages of a panic attack, he responds.

_Then I promise I will get more rest today. _

_ Thank you, Aaron. _ _ _

I can’t stop myself. I have to tell someone what is going on at this point. I
want to tell Grace but I just can’t. I’m not ready for her to completely hate
me. I accept her hating me as a plausible outcome. I want to tell Janie but
I’m also not ready for her to view me differently. Or maybe it’s all my
imagination and everyone will be okay with a more official relationship.

What the hell am I thinking? No way. Kevin might ditch me and hate me
altogether. Flirting is one thing, dating is a completely different story!
What am I going to tell them?! How will I tell them? Will I even be allowed to
go? Maybe something will come up or my parents will say no. Both things are
very possible. Because not going is a plausible outcome, I decide to wait to
tell anybody anything.

Now that I’ve decided on my course of action I find myself obsessing about
Aaron and Mira again. I mean, for God’s sake, she’s just a robot! But, man, is
she pretty. And nice. And considerate, smart, helpful, and completely
dedicated to Aaron. In many ways I should be thankful for her because I care
about his wellbeing. But in so many ways I can feel myself become envious.
She’s so perfect, and I’m so…not.

Yet, Aaron still wants to go out on a date with me? Why? He has her. What more
could he possibly want? I don’t think I am qualified to even pretend to
understand the young town hero. I turn my attention to my laptop and go to
YouTube again. I decide to watch the video of the town blockade again, when
Aaron tries to talk the townspeople away from a full-blown riot. Maybe
watching it again will help me understand more about him. The video is being
taken from someone towards the front but closer to the right, so it is angled
towards Aaron’s side.

I watch more closely this time. I see Aaron lifted onto the platform above the
first set of stairs in front of Town Hall and people surrounding him. One I
recognize as the mayor and there are other people surrounding Aaron that I
don’t recognize, but I don’t focus on them. I look closely only at Aaron as
he’s pushed to the very front. He’s in a wheelchair already, a square of gauze
on one hand, his other arm in a sling. He has a cut on his forehead and a
bruise on his cheek. Really? Is he for real? The gauze on his hand means he
had in IV needles recently. I have to pause the video because I can feel my
face turning red. But I’m not blushing because of him, I’m flushed because I’m
upset with him for this.

I’m only about a month late, but I’m upset at the fact he’s trying to do these
dangerous things while he’s still _obviously _recovering from other injuries.
I look at Mira’s face, frozen in the frame. She looks worried, too, but she’s
silent and standing behind a few other people, trying to get around them. I
press play again.

Mayor Lucinda Torres is standing out to the side of Aaron, waving her arms and
trying to draw people’s attention away from the line of cops standing in front
of the steps to Town Hall. I can see Aaron looking attentively at something in
the crowd directly in front of him, and then he turns behind him and looks
over his shoulder for a moment. I presume he’s calling for Mira because she
looks up and tries to shove her way through.

Aaron is also trying to roll his chair back with his good arm but it only
turns the chair some and doesn’t go very far. I see him looking into the crowd
as he screams “Help!” and takes his arm out of the sling to push himself
backwards. As he takes his arm out, a few people who noticed him, including
Mira have reached him and begin to pull him back but it’s too late.

There is a loud sharp _pop_ and everyone drops, including the cell-phone owner
who drops the phone. I see the ground, people’s shoes, colors shapes, hear
crackling as the phone drops. Then it lifts up shakily again and raises up
above people’s backs. I hear

“HOLY SHIT,” and as the camera is angled towards Aaron again I see the man
with the gun being tackled into submission and then see Aaron lean towards his
bad foot while instinctively bringing it towards himself. The bandages around
his foot are stained red and I know the scream was Aaron’s, I would know his
voice anywhere. He moves too quickly for the others near him to follow and as
a result the chair tips forward a little and though the people behind him pull
the chair back down, it is too late. Aaron slides off the front, and tumbles
down the stairs in front of him.

And though my stomach lurches and I feel like I might puke I hear an “AARON!”
in the silence that follows his stair-tumble. It’s so full of agony and
matches my own reaction so well that tears fill my eyes. In my blurry vision I
see Mira rush down the stairs and though I can’t see anything on the bottom of
the stairs but I see tears pouring out of her eyes like they are pouring from
mine now. After that, the video cuts out but there’s a part two.

In part two (something I’ve actively ignored until now) there is an ambulance
and while I can’t see all of Aaron because the paramedics and people watching,
I can see Mira’s face and she’s still crying, holding Aaron’s hand as he is
pushed to the ambulance on a stretcher. When he is put in the back, she climbs
in too. I can see him better now that he’s up in the back of the ambulance and
I pause the video to get a better look. He’s unconscious, with a clear mask
over his nose and mouth. His auburn hair is messy and his head is rolled a
little to the side. He’s so hot. I press play again. The doors are closed, the
vehicle takes off quickly and people disperse.

Watching this is like watching a horror movie. I can’t imagine how Mira felt
then. Now I know better why Aaron was so upset about her when I first met him.
It’s like they’re in love in some weird way. But if they were _really_ in love
why would he want to go out to dinner with me? I feel somewhat guilty about
it, like I have stolen Mira’s man while she was incapacitated. But I know this
isn’t the case. At least, I don’t _think_ it is.

I’m doing too much thinking. Being alone with myself for extended periods of
time is never a good thing. So I decide I need to do something else- get some
fresh air. I decide to go for a walk and I leave my room, go downstairs and
tell Max that I’m headed out for a walk but will be back soon. He mumbles
something over his shoulder to me, but seems engrossed in the TV. I grab my
cell phone and head out, the sun shining brightly and beautifully.

The sun, coupled with the breeze makes my walk nice. I head towards the back
roads, the ones outside Terrace View that Aaron drove around on that one
night. Regardless of the fact I can’t see him and he is with Mira- alone right
now, I feel overwhelmingly happy. I am just so thankful that he is in my life
and that I get to be a part of his. I walk down the road, following only my
feet and thinking maybe this could turn into an adventure. I want to get
better acquainted with the town so I can get even closer to him. He’s the one
that has convinced me to make this town my home.

I think only of him until a hand holding a rag clamps over my nose and mouth
and everything goes dark almost instantly.

When I open my eyes again I still can’t see, but I am on the floor of
something, something moving, bumping along. It’s hard and it hurts and I must
have a blindfold on. I notice now there is a gag in my mouth (I wouldn’t be
able to talk anyway) and my hands and feet are tied together so tightly it
hurts. I squeeze my eyes closed and open them again, convinced I am dreaming
up this entire thing. What the hell is going on?! I hear a voice.

“Sorry we couldn’t keep you knocked out for the ride, we only had a little
chloroform left, and once you take that rag away, the effects wear off.” I’ve
heard this before once, but generally no one knows that unless they have used
chloroform before. This guy obviously has. My stomach shrivels into a prune
and my legs go numb. My heart is racing like crazy and I feel tears that pour
down my face and soak into the blindfold.

“_Shhhh_, it’s okay sweetheart,” the same guy from before says in a low voice.
“We can’t kill you just yet.”

