### Rulers of Terrace View 30* by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2014-10-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Layla runs into yet another problem trying to be with Aaron. Please enjoy all 30 parts! 

* * *

**Part 30!!!!**

**Unforunately, this story is turning into a novella, rather than a short story. Maybe one day it will turn into a novel, recording Aaron and Layla's love. However, the story has become too long to post all the sections on this site. I hope you enjoyed the parts I was able to post about Aaron and Layla. I enjoyed/enjoy writing these parts, so I hope you enjoy reading them! Thank you very much to everyone who has given feedback, all the comments have been positive and I am very grateful to the readers that enjoy the story and tell me about their enjoyment! Don't forget about Aaron and Layla, and please give ANY feedback you might have on the story. **

**Thanks again. Please enjoy. **

Upon arrival at our destination the car stops completely and goes dead but no
one moves. Everything is still and silent for a few long moments. I only hear
the sounds of Velcro and then silence again briefly. Then the doors spring
open and two men begin to talk. One voice I recognize, the other I do not.

“I’m tellin’ you man, this will not bode well at all.”

“Shut up, we don’t have a choice.”

The second one was the man from before. The door near me opens and big hands
roughly pull me up and out and I find myself standing on my feet, still
feeling dazed. I feel him cut the restraints around my ankles and now I can
walk again. I follow when a hand holds my arm and pulls me along, struggling
to keep my footing.

“I have to say though,” it’s the familiar voice, sounding maniacal. “I know
why Jeffers likes this one, she’s a real _submissive_ little bitch.” He laughs
after this. There is no one that joins him, but he doesn’t seem to mind.

I trip on a root and fall, but his grasp on my arm is so tight that I hang
painfully, my legs not underneath me, and my arm still in his grasp. I cry out
as I feel a pop- and resulting sharp pain in my shoulder. He ignores this and
laughs.

_Idiot, idiot, idiot!_ I berate myself through the pain. How could I just
casually go for a walk after everything that has been happening?! I chastise
Aaron for being careless and look at me now! I’m such a stupid hypocrite. And
although I have to pay for this stupid, idiotic mistake a bit, I know the
brunt will fall on Aaron. Why do I keep doing this shit to him? Why can’t I
just be smart and think for once?

Maybe I can get myself out of this mess before anyone even notices anything at
all. Fat chance. I am pulled to my feet and dragged along again. My shoulder
is crying in pain still but this guy isn’t letting up at all. I try to stop
the tears from soaking into the blindfold again, only to find my attempts to
be in vain. My shoulder hurts and I have, once again, made everything so much
worse for Aaron.

When will I ever, finally, learn my lesson? I hear a man in front of us walk
up steps, they sound wooden as they creak under his weight, like some kind of
porch. When we approach, my scary captor says

“Step, step, step,” and I feel my foot around quickly for each step, and he
pulls impatiently. I almost lose my footing again and I finally get pissed off
so I make an “_mmmmmmh_!” noise and he laughs.

“What was that, little girl?” he pulls again as he says this and seems to
thoroughly enjoy the torture. I am silent again, and he is complacent. We
enter a space and I almost trip on the threshold. We walk left and right and
left again. After I completely lose track of where I am on the earth, the hand
on my arm grips me tighter, and I am thrown down onto something that squeaks
like an old rusty cot. My shoulder radiates ache. I can feel lumps under
whatever I am lying on, I my guess would be a bed.

A lumpy old mattress on a squeaky old rusty frame. _Great accommodations_. I
can only assume at this point that Hudson Kane is the mastermind behind this
operation. Although, whoever managed to get me was either lucky or had been
following, watching and waiting for this. Either way I’m screwed. They were
two men with some chloroform. I didn’t stand a chance. My mistake was simply
stepping outside alone.

Whoever is with me right now ties my feet together again, painfully tight and
I moan a little. He laughs.

“Just keep being such a good little bitch.” He ties my hands to something, I’m
guessing a part of the bedframe. My shoulder sends continuous bolts of pain
through my body but I can only ignore it. So now I’m completely strung up with
a blindfold and a gag, on top of what I think to be a bed. _Oh God._ My heart
is beating so fast. And he can’t ignore an opportunity like this, as I feared.
He stops next to the bed for a few moments before saying,

“You’re probably a tight little virgin, aren’t you?”

I shake my head vigorously and he laughs, loudly and deeply.

“Yea you are.”

I feel his hand creep towards my crotch, my thighs prickle with goose-bumps at
his touch. And although I don’t want to be touched there, I know if I fight it
or make any indication that I am as terrified as I am he will only get
pleasure from it so I keep quiet. He sighs with pleasure when his hand slips
into my shorts and heads for my panties.

I try to pretend nothing is happening. I try to pull my hips away but I don’t
even move an inch. His hand creeps closer and closer to my genitalia but I
can’t get any farther away from him. He’s in my panties now. His hand is big
and I am frightened of what will happen when his fingers try to enter me. I
haven’t even been wearing tampons that long.

I am saved by the door swinging open.

“What the fu-”

“What?” the pervert with me snaps, turning and pulling his hands away. I
breathe a sigh of relief.

“Boss wants to see you.”

“Fine.” My psycho captor leaves with the other man, and I am alone.

I begin to try to think of all the things I could possibly do to try to
escape. My stomach turns and I want to throw up but I fight it with all the
will power I have because if I throw up with a gag on I will surely choke and
die. The room has a strange smell but I do my best to ignore it and think of
Aaron’s smell instead.

Whoever is supposed to be looking after me sure is careless. If I were to die
on their hands, the entire association would probably be wiped from the earth,
either by death or incarceration. He wouldn’t let it go. No way in hell. But I
don’t fight the vomit for their sake. I fight for his. Because even if he were
to pin my death on my captors, he would never stop blaming himself. So for
Aaron alone I continue to fight.

I discontinue the thoughts in my head about my own death and I focus on his
face- my reason to continue on. Maybe there will be some Deus ex-machina and I
will survive only by the grace of God. But most likely, that will not happen.

I will perish here, under the hand of this grotesque man. My only comfort is
him. Aaron Jeffers. I even sigh as I think of his name and for a brief moment,
all my physical pain disappears. I think only of him and how wonderful and
beautiful he is. I am honored that he even noticed me. I don’t even care about
my impending demise, either- is the funny part.

I feel l have never and _will_ never deserve his attention. He is everything I
am not. He is dedicated, loyal, and passionate. He follows his dreams and
never dwells on what is past. Maybe he doesn’t even have the time. And
honestly, when I think about what is best for him, I don’t even care if I am
killed. I would agree to my death as long as it was in no way linked to Aaron.
Although that would never come to pass- and actually be agreed upon, I need a
reason to believe miracles exist. He would be free of me, and I cause a shit
ton of trouble.

I should make everything easy on everyone and resign. But I’m weak. I’m so
weak and hopeless. I just can’t accept a life without him. I am hopeless! I
present this as if it is some kind of irrefutable fact. So everyone has to
scramble to make-up for my incompetence. When can I ever get anything right?

I can never even hope to get anything right or be of any help unless I can
accept this as a situation to prove my worthiness. I have an opportunity to
finally be useful! So I concentrate on my bondages. And even though I try to
work the ropes by moving my hands and feet, it prompts the rope to bite harder
into my flesh. I wince a little, and stop fighting the ropes. I have to think
up a better solution. _Think, think! _

I grab onto the ropes and try pulling. I hope something I am anchored to will
break. It does not. Duh. Of course it couldn’t be that easy. I try pulling
once more to distinguish all hopes of that plan. Again nothing happens.
Moments later though, I hear the door swing open on its squeaky hinges. Heavy
footsteps across the old floorboards. I smell smoke, the ashy smell of a
cigarette.

“Hello, Layla.”

I recognize the voice. Could it really be- Hudson Kane? I am confused but I
can’t say a word. Everything in the room is silent for a moment.

“Excuse me, my apologies,” he says and takes off the gag.

I cough a little in response because I can finally breathe out of my mouth.
But while I am coughing and gagging I suck in all the cigarette smoke, which
makes me cough and hack even harder. I hear my company chuckle a little.

“You know, from your pictures you don’t look like much, Layla. But you really
are very endearing in person. Now I understand why Aaron has taken such a
liking to you.”

“Why can’t you just give it up and let me go?” I struggle to gain control of
my coughing.

“I’m sorry about your rough treatment before. It seems as if one of my boys
doesn’t know when to stop.” _Yeah, sure._ I become angry at how stupid he
thinks I am.

“Really? You think you can act like you had no idea that would happen and you
expect me to fall for it? You’re worse than he is, really. At least he doesn’t
try to trick others into thinking he is civil.”

“Well, well, now. I’m impressed. So there’s more behind that pretty little
innocent-looking face than I presumed, huh?” I am silent. “Very perceptive of
you. I have to reassess my other presumptions now.” I realize I know that
because Aaron keeps his employees in line, well most at least. Even though
I’ve tried, I guess I can’t exactly brag that I am someone who has stayed in
line for him. Regardless, I still try to listen to Aaron’s instructions well,
and if he told me not to do something I sure as hell would not. I’m certain no
one in the Jeffers household would disobey an order outright.

So if this guy told his men not to touch me, I’m sure they wouldn’t.

“Maybe I can still guess that you remember me,” he says. I hear the
floorboards squeak and I feel his hands around my head. Although I flinch and
pull my head back he only laughs and continues taking off my blindfold.

I do remember him. How could I ever forget the face of the man that held a gun
against the head of the boy I am madly in love with? I could never forget his
face, embodying everything in my nightmares.

“Hudson Kane.”

“Very good, Layla Dawson. You are the person who blindsided me and stole my
chance for revenge. I’ve been after Cooper for a while and I know I can only
truly devastate him by taking away his precious _son_. I have a new purpose
now, though. You gave it to me. It’s her. He is unfit to keep her safe.
Elaina.” He whispers her name softly.

“If I use you, I can get her back.” I realize as Hudson says this that he’s
clearly mentally unstable. I think losing the love of his life twice- first to
another man, then to death- has successfully driven him a bit mad. He can’t
possibly have a plan that will allow him to get away with the daughter of one
of the richest families in America. And he can’t possibly be sane to even try.

“He’s a good father,” I say.

“No, he’s not! He just has a lot of money so everyone thinks highly of him.”

“You haven’t even seen him as a father.”

“Well he was always a lousy boyfriend so I think I can extrapolate.” He takes
a drag on his cigarette and gives me a smile. We’re in a small, disgusting
little room. The walls are gray spackled with different colored stains. The
floor looks sticky and I am indeed, lying on a small cot. No windows. One
steel door. This room has obviously been used as a holding cell before. I
identify the smell before as a mixture of blood and a few other things.

The recognition of the scent of fresh blood is too much for my stomach to
handle and I throw up all over the floor. It’s mostly my own stomach’s acids
so my throat and mouth burn a little as a result.

“Yea, I’m sorry about our lousy accommodations. It’s the best we have.” He
gives me a big smile, his top lip disappearing behind an unruly moustache. We
both know he is lying so I say nothing. He looks so smug and proud. I want to
kick him in the balls.

“No wonder she chose him, you’re a despicable man!” I am almost cut off
prematurely by his backhand. It stings like hell but I turn and only glare
back, meeting the gaze of his flat gray eyes.

“You’re a feisty little one, aren’t you?” he chuckles. Then he pushes my
shoulder forcefully and the pain spikes. There are a few things that shift
again and pop a little and I can’t help but scream. Loudly.

“_There_ we go. I almost thought I would never be able to break you.”

“That was… a cheap shot,” I breathe, trying to catch my breath again. The pain
in my shoulder continues to maintain the spiked level and I force myself to
not cry.

“Okay then, how about this?” he asks, and kicks my stomach, hard. I feel a rib
crack from the force and the intense ache from my stomach. If I continue to
encourage him, I will have to endure serious damage. Although I can recognize
this fact, I can’t seem to control the things coming out of my own mouth.
After I cough and groan for a bit, I manage to answer.

“Better, still cheap.”

He turns red and he hits me again on my face with a fist, this time much
harder. I see stars and my head rings loudly. He takes his cigarette and
buries the lit end right into the side of my neck. The fire burns my skin and
the pain is like a thousand dull needles being forced into my neck. I scream
loudly while Hudson laughs loudly.

“You want to hear something funny?” he says, getting down close to my face
now. My vision is just now returning and I can barely make out the words. His
breath is hot on my face and I want to head-butt him hard but my head already
hurts badly. I feel blood running down my neck now from my face, although I
don’t know the source. I taste the thick blood in my mouth.

“Mirabella wasn’t ever a target of ours. That means Aaron was tricked by Daddy
dearest.” I think I heard those words right. But they don’t make any sense.
Why on earth would Cooper want trick Aaron like that? It’s just cruel. He is
laughing hysterically when I pay attention to him again.

“You’re a liar!” I say heatedly, glaring at him. I spray blood when I speak.

“And Aaron isn’t the sweet angel you think he is. Guess who tucks her stepson
in at night with an occasional blowjob?”

“Shut up!” I yell at him. More blood.

“Well now, guess you didn’t like that last one about your little _idol_, huh?”
he gives me a wicked smile and I give my dirtiest glare back. Hudson
approaches me and forces my gag back on. I continue to glare as he ties the
gag around my head.

“I was getting tired of hearing your voice.” He gives me a nasty smile
intended to be seductive. “Plus, I don’t want you to be able to scream.”

Hudson Kane starts his hand down by my knees. My skin one again prickles at
the touch.

“Such beautiful young skin. Too bad you are my bargaining chip, or I would
keep you _and_ Elaina for myself. At least I have you for a little while.” As
he says this a slow smile spreads on his face and his hand begins to slide up
towards my thighs. He continues to slide his hand all the way up into my
shorts, up to where my thigh meets my body and stays there. I squirm in
discomfort. His flat eyes bear down into mine. I try to fight the tears
forcing their way into my eyes.

“_Shhhh_, don’t be upset little girl.”

His fingers slip into my panties and though I thrash a little and make some
noises of protest he doesn’t stop. The bastard only smiles. He slips a finger
into me and the tears spring over my eyes with vigor. There is a loud knock on
the door and Hudson retracts his hand. He smells his finger, licks it.

“How a pretty little Faline should taste.” Then, over his shoulder, “Come in!”

Hudson puts a hand over my eyes. I don’t know what his associates look like
and he wants to keep it that way. I am encouraged by this- maybe he really
does plan to let me go. I’m not hopeful, though.

“What?” he snaps.

“It’s them.” I recognize the voice of the perv from before.

“Fine.” I hear the door open and close again and Hudson picks up the blindfold
again. I shake my head and he gives me a joyful smile, like he is presenting
me with a gift. I glare as he ties the blindfold on again.

“Time to go claim what is mine.”

I want to tell him that he is absolutely insane and that Elaina would never
belong to him (or anyone) in a million years. But I can’t say a thing and it’s
probably better for my health this way anyway. But all I can do is sit here
and bleed all over the bed.

I’m more than certain that right now Aaron is paying the price of my stupid,
careless mistake. I was barely thinking at all, letting myself get stupid and
sloppy because of my drooling over him. So now, Aaron will have to pay a big
price for a silly little walk. He gets to deal with the terrible consequences
for my thoughtless idiocy. I think of any means to get my hand free. I can’t
even break it, the ropes are too tight and taut for me to do anything. Being
strung up like this on the bedposts is painful itself.

Although I’m glad, in a way for my stupidity. I’m glad Hudson chose me to use
and beat up rather than focus his efforts on further breaking down Aaron.
Although, I guess in a terrible way, he’s still breaking down Aaron with this
stunt too. I’m just glad Hudson has not yet done any serious damage to Aaron,
even though he had the chance when he was holding the barrel of a gun against
Aaron’s head. I hear the engine of a few cars roar into the silence formerly
filling my room. The engines rev and then the noise fades slowly into silence
again. I get the feeling I am alone. I rock the bed and shake it. It squeaks
loudly now. I come to realize how sore my body is and I give up on shaking the
bed. No one enters the room, which tells me that I am, in fact, alone out here
(wherever I am).

Everything is quiet, and the blindfold makes everything nice and dark.
Although I try to hold onto consciousness, I fight for it with everything in
me, the consciousness proves to be- once again- elusive. My eyes begin to
close but I don’t want that at all. I want to stay awake and attentive so that
if Aaron shows up to come rescue me, I won’t worry him. I know if I lose
consciousness and he shows up here, seeing me unmoving and tied up tightly
like this on the bed he will have to endure the pure, cold _terror_ of
uncertainty.

I still have nightmares about my experience with that terror, when we got into
an altercation with a man and he slammed his car into ours. Aaron’s arms
falling off me like dead weight. The blood running down the side of his face,
the cracked window, the uncertainty. The stomach gripping horror that reigned
triumphant while I reached up to try and find his pulse… it was all too much
for me and the memory haunts me frequently.

And although thinking of it all briefly again motivates me to try and stay
conscious, I know I am fighting an uphill battle. My body has a certain knack
for ignoring what my mind commands. My eyes continuously drift close and
although I shake myself awake successfully a few times, I feel my mind
shutting down anyway. The pain in my body begins to fade, mercifully, although
I recognize it only is fading because my mind is fading as well.

_No, no!_ Fight to stay awake for him!  
“AAAwwwaaaaa,” I try to yell out his name through my gag to wake myself but I
am once again, unsurprisingly unsuccessful. My eyes close and my body goes
limp. I lose the battle as my mind goes dark.

Aaron. We’re at the fair, the fair?! When did we get here? He smiles a
beautiful smile at me as he throws a ball at the stack of old dirty cans. His
form is perfect, of course, he is a star baseball player after all. As the man
running the booth is handing over a large stuffed animal, the sky goes black.
The man and stuffed animal and everything else around me except for Aaron all
begin to blur together into dark colors and wicked shapes. I cringe and cover
my eyes.

I feel arms around me. They’re his. He’s protecting me from everything. I look
up into his dark eyes, they gaze back at me kindly.

“It’s okay, LB. I won’t let anything hurt you, I promise.” His voice is so
soothing to my ears and I think of his melodic laugh that I long to hear. I
want to say “I love you Aaron,” so badly but I am too content to even speak.
His embrace protects me from the world. I am forever willingly his.

**Any last thoughts?! Please let me know! I hope you liked the parts of the story I was able to post. Additional parts of my other stories to be posted soon!**

