### To Hell and Back Chap. 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-10-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** �So what�re you gonna do? Pretend to be the good girlfriend?� I watched the knob on the door shake as someone from the outside tried to open it. �That�s exactly what I�m going to do.� 

* * *

Noelle's POV

“So I hear you’re new in town,” Zade said. I fought back a laugh. This little
fucking dickhead didn’t even know whom he was talking to. I almost yelled in
his face and told him I’m not fucking new, that I’m the fucking girl he ruined
when he was fucking drunk. Chase healed me, he was the one who let me love
again, and he was the one who gave a damn about me. Then I found out he’d been
banging some other bitch from the cheerleading squad not even two months after
we’d gotten together. So much for redemption.

“I am,” I replied sweetly. _Plot, Noelle. The best revenge is deception, not
humiliation. Plan the play, play the plan._ “What’s your name?”

I see Zade’s stupid eyes—which I really wanted to punch at the moment—go dark
with lust. “I’m Zade.” He stuck out his hand. I returned the shake, careful to
let my fingers ‘slip’ from his. I knew what he wanted and damn, he was gonna
get more than he bargained for.

“Noelle King. I’ve heard of you, Zade. Aren’t you being a bad boy right now?
What about your girlfriend, Zoe?”

“We just broke up,” he murmured in my ear. “I didn’t want her anymore because
I saw you dancing.” His breath was hot on my skin but I wasn’t the least bit
turned on.

“Well then, I guess it’s your lucky day.” I turned around and walked back into
the house with Izzy. I made sure to get lost in the crowd so he wouldn’t find
me again. A little game couldn’t hurt. Oh wait, it could.

We locked ourselves in one of the empty bedrooms upstairs. Moans and screams
were audible from the other side of every wall, but Izzy and I ignored them.
“Girl, what’re you cooking up in that little brain of yours? You were getting
sexy with that son of a bitch.”

I leaned over and whispered in her ear. “Deceptive revenge is the best kind.”

Izzy grinned. “That’s my girl. You’re smart, Noelle. See, if I were you,
I’d’ve just punched him in the face and kicked his balls until he passed out.
Violence makes me feel better.” I laughed. Izzy had three brothers, Tate,
Terrence, and Tray. They could be assholes but they could also be the siblings
I never had. My parents weren’t home a lot, so I kind of grew up on my own.
When I was younger, the neighbors would take care of me. At the time, Izzy’s
family was my neighbors, so I’d pretty much become the fifth Stout child.

“So what’re you gonna do? Pretend to be the good girlfriend?”

I watched the knob on the door shake as someone from the outside tried to open
it. “That’s exactly what I’m going to do.”

* * *

Zade’s POV

Noelle King was one sexy bitch. She got me hard in less than thirty seconds, a
record even Zoe would never break. I could smell her perfume when I leaned in
to say something in her ear. I knew I’d smelled that same perfume somewhere
else but I couldn’t remember where. Maybe at that mall Zoe took me to when we
went shopping at Macy’s. “Hey have you seen Noelle?” I asked Justin. He rolled
his eyes.

“Yes, you damn son of a bitch, she went upstairs with Izybel Stout.”

“Thanks.” I ran up the stairs, bumping into people on the way. I tried all the
knobs but they were locked. Then I miraculously heard a voice above the music
and loud people.

“Zade? Is that you?”

“Yeah. Noelle?”

“I’m in here.” I knocked on each door but got no response. As I started going
back downstairs to see if she was playing with me, a door opened. I whipped
around, expecting Noelle, but instead, I saw Zoe and some random guy I’d never
seen before.

“Zoe?”

She looked blankly at me. “Oh hi Zade.” The guy she was with had green hair
and ear piercings. “What do you want?”

“Nothing. I was looking for someone?”

Zoe shrugged and moved to go past me. I didn’t budge. “Get out of my way.” She
glared at me. I stared evenly back at her. “Get out of my fucking way you
fucking bastard or I am going to cut your fucking balls off and you’ll never
get to fuck that fucking girl you were fucking staring at on the fucking dance
floor. Move it.” Zoe pushed past me and ran down the stairs to the basement.
Green Hair rolled his eyes before following Zoe.

I reluctantly went to the fridge to find a beer. I needed one. Noelle was
being cute but it was annoying. I knew she wanted me as much as I wanted her.
I wanted her to scream my name. I wanted her to sleep beside me and wake up
with the memory of the best sex she’d ever had. I wanted that girl more than
anything.

As I popped the cap on the bottle, I heard her voice again. “You gave up on
me,” she pouted. I turned and saw the sexy blonde I wanted to see. “Why’d you
leave? We were having fun.”

I grabbed her and slammed my mouth against hers without being able to stop
myself. She drew back and put a finger to my wet lips. “Another time.” She
winked and disappeared again. I felt someone clap my shoulder.

“Well done, Zade. You just chased her away for good.”

“Shut up, Justin. I’ll get her eventually. She doesn’t know what she
rejecting.”

“Yeah, she does. You’re not the only one who can make her have a good time,
you know.” Justin grinned.

“You’d better not fucking touch a single fucking inch on her fucking body, you
hear me?”

Justin rolled his eyes. “You’re crazy, man. I got my girl already.”

I took a swig of beer and left the party. I drove home slowly, making sure not
to get caught by a cop. They didn’t like me very much.

As I fell asleep, a familiar face appeared in my mind. It wasn’t Noelle and it
wasn’t Zoe. I actually didn’t know who it was. Her hair was blonde and her
eyes were a deep blue. I felt myself getting hard but I didn’t know why. I
felt her lips tangled with mine, my fingers wound in her hair, and her body
writhing against me, but it didn’t feel like she was having fun. It was almost
as if…

It was almost as if I was raping her.

