### To Hell and Back Chap. 3 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-10-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Izzy said to him. �And Noelle is here with me even though she�s being so damn quiet.� �Hey Tate,� I said. �I�� �Noelle? What are you doing here?� 

* * *

Noelle’s POV

The second I shut my eyes, Zade’s stupid face appeared. I saw the disgusting
gleam in his left eye. His lips moved, whispering words I didn’t want to hear.
I hated him. I hated him and I would make him pay.

My cellphone buzzed. “Hello?”

“Noelle, something’s happened.”

“Izzy? What’s wrong?”

“It’s Tate. He got stabbed and we don’t know who the killer is. He’s in the
hospital now getting surgery.” Izzy’s voice was frantic. I knew she was on the
verge of tears.

“I’ll be right there, okay? Just hang on.” I jumped from my bed, still in my
Tweedy Bird pajamas, and raced to the car. I found Izzy’s sitting on the front
step of her familiar white house, the place I’d gone so many times for a
safety. I silently sat next to her and put my arm around my best friend.

“They wouldn’t let me come in the ambulance,” she whispered. A tear spilled
and made a wet track down her cheek. “He came home bloody and staggering. He
fell on the carpet in the living room when we heard him shout. He didn’t say
anything after that.” Izzy looked at me with sad eyes. “I can’t go back there.
I can’t. I don’t want to see his blood.” She burst into tears and buried her
face into my shoulder. I sighed.

“You want me to take you to the hospital?” I asked softly. She nodded and
followed me to the car.

“Tate?” Izzy stared at her unconscious brother. He lay on the hospital bed,
the sheets pulled up to his shoulders. He looked peaceful. His hair and eyes
were like Izzy’s and mine: honey blond and brown eyes. I though I had a crush
on him in middle school, but Izzy cleared that out of my system. He was
basically my brother, not my best friend’s brother that I liked. No fucking
way.

Tate said nothing. “I just wanted to let you know that we still haven’t found
who did this to you, but we will find him. We’ll put him in fucking prison for
this,” Izzy said to him. “And Noelle is here with me even though she’s being
so damn quiet.”

“Hey Tate,” I said. “I—”

“Noelle? What are you doing here?”

I turned around. “I might ask you the same thing.” I hid my surprise and
stuffed it all the way down to my stomach so I could pull it up later and beat
the shit out of something. Zade stood in front of me with a bouquet of flowers
in his hand. They smelled pretty good, but I liked roses more than sunflowers.

“I heard about Tate and thought I’d come.”

I raised an eyebrow at Izzy, who shrugged and raised her eyebrows as well. We
turned back to Zade. “So you just decided to come visit my best friend’s
brother, knowing I’d be here?”

“No. Tate’s my best friend. Don’t you know that?”

Izzy smacked her forehead as I gaped. Tate was friends with this piece of
shit? “I forgot to tell you, Noe. They’re on the same baseball team. Tate
started hanging out with him before you came to town,” Izzy explained.

I took a deep breath, feeling rage boil up. The same fucking baseball team?
That meant I’d end up seeing him at every game for the rest of the season.
Shit. “Thanks for telling me, Iz.” I smiled sweetly up at Zade. “Well are
those for Tate? Are you going to give them to him or what?”

Zade chuckled as Izzy rolled her eyes, shooting me a look. I winked at her,
making sure Zade didn’t notice. He put the damn sunflowers, which I knew Tate
was fucking allergic to, beside the bed and stood beside me. The three of us
were silent for a moment before Zade spoke. “Do you want to see a movie with
me this Friday?”

I glanced at him. “You barely know me.”

“I know, but that doesn’t mean I can’t like you.”

_You fucking bastard, you fucking dipshit, you fucking prick, you son of a
bitch. You don’t know who to hell you’re fucking talking to. _“I’ll think
about it,” I said.

Tate sneezed and coughed and opened his eyes. “Who put sunflowers here?” He
asked weakly. Izzy snorted and threw the sunflowers into the hallway. “Zade?
Noe? Iz?”

“How’re you feeling?” I asked gently.

“I’m alright,” he replied. He tried to shrug and winced.

“Rest,” Izzy commanded.

“Little sis, since when did you tell me what to do?”

“Since you got stabbed,” Izzy said bluntly. “You need to rest, Tate Stout.”

“Fine.” He turned his head and faced us. “So, Noelle, I haven’t seen you
around a lot. Where have you been?”

“Oh, you know, doing random stuff.”

“Sure.”

“Really, Tate. I’m fine.” I stole a look at Zade, whose eyes were getting
darker by the second. What a conceited dick. _I ain’t yours, honey. I never
will be._

“Hey, guys, can I talk to my brother alone for a minute?” Izzy looked at me. I
nodded and walked outside. I picked up the sunflowers Izzy had thrown out and
tossed them in the nearest garbage can.

“I paid a lot for those sunflowers,” Zade said from behind me.

“Well you should’ve known Tate is allergic to them,” I stated flatly. I would
not show pity for this asshole.

“You didn’t know we were best friends?” Zade almost sounded sad.

“Nope.” I popped the ‘p’ and spun around.

“You know, you look really cute with those Tweedy Bird pajamas on,” Zade
murmured heatedly. I looked down; I completely forgot that I was wearing them.
_Shit._ “I can’t tell you how much I want you right now, Noelle.”

“Really?” I whispered in his ear, making sure my lips brushed against his
skin. I pressed my body against his. I felt him get hard immediately and
smirked.

“Yeah.” He turned my head by the chin and lowered his lips. I let them come a
millimeter to mine before I backed away and looked him in the eye. I pushed
the horrible memories those eyes brought to the bottom of my stomach with the
surprise from before.

“Well sorry, but you’re not my type. I’m just gonna have to say no to that
movie date,” I said innocently. Zade grinned, but the smile disappeared as
soon as it came. His lips parted. _I guess you’ve never gotten rejected
before. Aw, poor little Zade. Well guess what, Zade Hayes,_ I thought,_ you’re
going to get hurt a lot more later on. I can promise you that._

