### To Hell and Back Chap. 4 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-10-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** 11:51pm � WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU ZADE HAYES 11:55pm � Noelle won�t wake up, the doctors say something�s wrong with her. Tate is going crazy, you need to be here to calm him down, and everything I try isn�t working �Shit!� 

* * *

Zade’s POV

I woke up sweating. I looked around, my eyes zipping to every corner of my
room. What the hell was my dream about? I never raped anyone and I hadn’t
watched any movies with rape scenes in them recently…so why the fuck was I
dreaming about fucking raping someone? Someone that looked like Noelle King?

I dragged my hand down my face and sat up wearily. My cellphone buzzed next to
the bed, and when I looked at it, there were six unread messages. They were
all from Izybel Stout.

11:27pm – Hey, I thought you should know that Tate’s doing great.

11:41pm – You need to come to the hospital right now

11:47pm – Where are you, something’s wrong with Noelle

11:49pm – Noelle just had a seizure and Tate’s heart rate is up

11:51pm – WHERE THE FUCK ARE YOU ZADE HAYES

11:55pm – Noelle won’t wake up, the doctors say something’s wrong with her.
Tate is going crazy, you need to be here to calm him down, and everything I
try isn’t working

“Shit!” I pulled on a pair of jeans, a simple black t-shirt, and slipped on my
red sneakers. Not even bothering to tie them, I rushed to the car and raced to
the hospital. The moment I burst through the doors, I ran up to the front
desk. “My best friend and his sister’s friend are here. Tate Stout and Noelle
King? Please, I need to see them.”

The nurse glanced at me before typing something on the computer. She picked up
a phone and dialed a number, placing her hand on her hip while watching me.
“Hey, um, there’s a guy here and he wants to see Tate Stout and Noelle King.”
A pause. “Mhmm. Sure. I’ll tell him.” She turned to me after typing something
else. “Tate Stout is in room 231 on the second floor, but Noelle King isn’t
taking any visitors at the moment.”

“Why the fuck not?”

She ignored my cuss. “Because she’s in surgery.”

“What?”

“She’s in surgery. The doctors are removing a brain tumor.”

“A brain tumor?”

“It’s small. It shouldn’t affect her too much after. You can see Tate,
though.” She stood up and pointed down a hallway. “The stairs are on the
left.”

I sighed and ran up the stairs. Izybel was sleeping in a chair next to Tate’s
bed. Tate turned his head and looked at me. “Hey. Do you know if Noelle is
okay?”

“The nurse said she’s in surgery; they’re removing a small tumor.” I sat on
the floor on the opposite side of the bed so Izybel wouldn’t see me. “Are you
okay?”

“Yeah, I’m fine. Where were you last night? Izzy tried reaching you and you
didn’t answer.”

“I was asleep,” I sighed, burying my face in my hands. “I feel so bad. I
could’ve been there to help.”

“You wouldn’t have been able to do anything.”

We were silent for a moment. “I had a weird dream last night.”

“What about?”

“I…I think I was…she looked just like…”

“What, Zade?”

“I think I was raping someone. She looked just like Noelle but she was
younger. I’ve never dreamed about something like that before.”

Tate stared at me. “Why would you dream about something like that? That’s
fucked up, Zade.”

“I know, and I have no idea where the fuck it came from. I’ve never raped
anyone. I’d never do that.”

Tate looked at his sister, who was waking up. “Iz? You okay?”

“Hmm?”

“You okay?”

Izybel glared at him. “Yes, Tate. My best friend just had a seizure and you
almost died. I’m perfectly fine.” She looked at me. “When did you get here,
you asshole? I tried reaching you last night and you never fucking answered
any of my fucking texts.”

“I was asleep,” I admitted sadly. “I’m sorry, Izybel.”

“No shit.” Izybel stood up and sat down next to me on the floor. “Izzy. You
can call me Izzy.”

“Alright then, Izzy.” I grinned at her but she rolled her eyes. “Did you hear
about Noelle?”

“Yeah. Do you know when she’ll get out?”

“No. All the nurse said was that they’re removing a small brain tumor and it
won’t affect her after they’re done.”

At that moment, Tate gasped. Izzy and I turned our heads simultaneously to see
Noelle being pushed through the door on a stretcher. We both stood up with
Tate helplessly lying down. Izzy rushed to her best friend, checking to see if
she was okay. She was still unconscious. “Zade,” Tate said quietly. I swiveled
to face him.

“Yeah?”

“I’m going to sleep. Wake me when Noelle wakes up.” I nodded and he closed his
eyes. Izzy glanced over her shoulder at me.

“He’s going to sleep,” I explained. She nodded and shifted her gaze back to
Noelle. I noticed that they looked very similar; they had long, blond hair,
blue eyes, and were the same height. Even though their appearances were almost
the same, I wasn’t attracted to Izzy. It was like Noelle was the only one on
my radar, and that never happened. Never.

Izzy and I talked quietly for a couple hours until Noelle woke up. Just as I
promised, I woke Tate up. He grinned when he saw Noelle smiling. When she
directed her smile at him, I immediately got jealous. I blinked. What was
happening to me? Why was I acting like this? I was never jealous of Tate.
Never.

Izzy made a face at me. “What?” I asked.

“Why are you staring like that?”

“What?”

“You’re staring at her like you’re some creeper.”

“Oh.” I immediately turned away. “Sorry.”

“Hey, Zade.” I looked at Noelle. “You still up for that movie?”

