### Blood pressure 1 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2014-10-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Lily is a special agent in a secret international organization called The Agency. And between her hot super protective boss and her mysterious sexy mentor, she also needs to learn how to manage her strong personality� But what if she was different? What if she was more than just an agent? 

* * *

\- Fuck, fuck, FUCK!

\- Average people just swear ones, Jake says while holding on tight to his
seat

\- Average people don’t find themselves in shitty situation like this one.

We drive at more than 200 km/h chasing the Aventador Lamborghini that is
losing us. At this speed, city’s light at night time look like just one long
orange neon along the highway. I follow the black Sedan trying to avoid cars
and I vaguely hear horns coming from everywhere.

\- Lily, slow down! You’re going to kill us!

\- I thought you knew me better than that, I say with a tight smile.

Ten minutes earlier, we were in the middle of a transfer operation on the
private jets tarmac of the international Seattle-Tacoma airport. We’ve been
working on this meeting since months now. A researcher working on blood
genetic properties had been kidnapped and like every time government
organizations failed, we had been called to do the job. The _Agency_ – what a
banal name considering the importance of our missions – had put 6 agents on
the case. Most of the time, 2 agents were enough to deal with the situation.
That’s to say how big the deal was today.

\- Careful!

I avoid the truck and caught up with our target gradually.

\- Lily, please…

To cut short his complaints, I put on some music. Right here right now from
Fatboy Slim is now at full volume in the car. Perfect.

The meeting was supposed to be easy: They would give us the researcher back in
exchange of 50 million bucks and ten black Lamborghinis. We knew they didn’t
care about money and that all they wanted was to enter the US territory. But
even if we suspected that things wouldn’t go smoothly, we were far from
imagining that they would begin to shoot as soon as out of the jet. They were
about 20 with automatic guns and maybe 10 with machine guns.

Everything happened so fast we lost control. A shooting in the middle of a
civil airport was the worst scenario we could have think of and clearly, we
under-estimated our enemies. We used our cars – 3 in total – to hide ourselves
while shooting back. But as shot whistled, I saw 2 of our opponents with a
woman, hand-cuffed and a bag over her head, dive into one of the Lamborghini
and then take out quickly. Together, Jake and I chased them aboard our Aston
Martin One-77 which, by miracle, hadn’t suffered too much from the shooting.

The CBD is a 30 minutes’ drive from the airport. But at our speed, we were
there in barely 10 minutes. The slalom between cars seems to never end. Car
racing are my favorite part. I love speed and so far, never a car escaped me –
or caught me by the way. But this one is different. All my muscles are tensed
and my senses are in alert. All of a sudden, our target turn abruptly on the
left on Alaskan Way and without thinking, I do the same.

\- You’re thinking to what I’m thinking? Jake asks suddenly very calm.

\- Yep. We’re gonna go dipping, I say unenthusiastically.

The Sedan swerves to the left missing barely cars on the other lane and then,
dives into the sea, just at the entrance of the marina. I follow the car
except that there’s no way I ruin such a beautiful piece of art. So I stop
into a spin handbrake in a deafening squeal on the edge of the waterfront. Yes
I love driving. But swimming? That’s another story.

The car is not stabilized yet that we’re already out taking off our jackets
and electronic devices. Jake gives me a fluorescent wristband and I look for a
split second this opaque water that only the moons lights up a bit.

\- Ready?

And without answering, we jump. Not because we want to or because we’re
excited about it but simply because we don’t want to think too much about the
icy bite of the water, that at 2 o’clock’ in the morning and in the middle of
February does probably not exceed 6°C.

The shock is worse than what I expected – it’s always the case. I feel
thousands of daggers piercing me from all sides. It’s so painful and awful.
But our training made us used to that feeling – if that’s only possible.
Thanks to the weak light of our bracelets, we quickly spot the car and Jake is
already on it. They obviously shot in the windshield to make sure it will
break with the pressure of the water so that they can get out of the car
pretty easily.

The driver disappeared. So did the hostage. But the second kidnapper seems to
have a problem with his seatbelt at the back of the car. He’s stuck. I see his
desperate look and without hesitating, I swim through the car, take a knife in
my right boot and start cutting his seatbelt. If we don’t get the hostage, at
least, I want another information source to exploit.

Jack seems to be gone looking for the two others missing. After an endless
minute, I finally succeed in cutting the seatbelt. My opponent then takes the
chance to kick me violently in the ribs, causing me to let go. I’m losing too
much oxygen but I can’t let him escape. I catch him from the back and stab his
leg. I want to weaken him but not kill him. I can almost hear his stuffed
scream but far from admitting defeat, he takes the knife off his leg and
strikes me suddenly. Once again, I dodge awkwardly, letting him cut my arm.
I’m having less and less oxygen and I’m fighting not to panic. I need air but
this armed moron is standing between me and the surface. With my last
strength, I catch his arm, get my knife back and kick him in the balls.

That’s just when Jack comes from behind him and snaps his neck. I’m already
leaving for paradise when he puts his lips against mine and gives me his
oxygen. Then I feel him grabbing me by the waist and pull me to the surface as
fast as possible.

\- I like that you still suck at swimming, he says laughing.

His relaxed tone let me guess he found the hostage and that there’s no more
threat.

\- You like… To see… Me drown? I ask him upset while trying to breathe.

\- No darling, he says softly to my ear, I like giving you mouth to mouth.

I roll my eyes but am too weak to protest.

\- Where is the researcher?

\- She’s OK. Imagine that even attached, she managed to escape, steal the gun
of the driver and kill him. She was swimming to the surface when I spotted
her.

We both swim to find her waiting for us and shivering. She’s about forty
something, has middle length black hair, and is tall and thin. Let’s face it,
she’s gorgeous. But even if she matches our description, I’m still wondering
how she managed to escape and neutralize a dangerous criminal with her frail
figure.

\- Pretty impressive escape! I say to her once we’re next to her. Are you an
excellent swimmer or just an amazing fighter?

\- Most of all, I was extremely lucky… She answers coy.

That’s right… And I love swimming at night time in icy water.

See you soon for the chapter 2!!! Feedback appreciated since this is my first
fiction! :) xx

