### To Hell and Back Chap. 5 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-10-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Much to my dismay, I had actually started to enjoy Zade�s company. It was crazy, even Izzy said so, but it was true. �Fine.� He put his arm around me. 

* * *

Noelle’s POV

Zade smiled. “Yeah. Once you’re feeling better, that is.” Izzy glanced at him
and smirked. “Hey, um, by any chance are you allergic to sunflowers?”

I laughed. I didn’t think that anything Zade said would ever be funny, but he
apparently had a tiny sense of humor. “No, but I like roses more. White
roses.”

“Very specific.”

“Well, I’ve got my reasons.” I caught Izzy’s eye. She knew.

“I guess I won’t be getting sunflowers again.” He gave me a lopsided grin. I
could tell it was genuine and though I hated to admit it, he was pretty damn
sexy when he smiled. Especially with his dark hair that matched his eyes.
Those eyes. Right. _Noelle, you’d better fucking pull yourself together before
he notices something._

2 weeks later

“Hey Noelle,” Zade said as I opened the door. He held a bouquet of white
roses, his way of asking me on a date. For the past couple weeks, we’d been
going on more and more dates. Movies, dinners, lunches, coffees…

I rolled my eyes. “Come in.” I technically didn’t live at Izzy’s house but it
felt like I did. I slept here basically six out of seven nights a week. My
parents liked taking long vacations, which is why they fucking dumped me back
in L.A. They wanted to make sure I had a place to sleep before they went to
fucking Maui. The only reason we moved to Milwaukee was because my dad wanted
a damn change. They were finished with their stupid six-month trip to Western
fucking Europe and needed a place to sleep. Our old L.A. house was disgusting
since I practically became the Stout’s fifth child and my parents couldn’t
stand living in a disgusting place, so we moved. I had no say what so fucking
ever in the decision.

Zade shut the door behind him as we settled on the couch. I returned to
watching TV as he handed the roses to me. I inhaled deeply, remembering the
memories the smell of white roses brought. “Do you want to go to dinner this
Friday?”

“You mean tomorrow?”

Zade grinned. “Yeah.”

“Sure.” I rested my head on his shoulder. “Where?”

“It’s a surprise.”

Much to my dismay, I had actually started to enjoy Zade’s company. It was
crazy, even Izzy said so, but it was true. “Fine.” He put his arm around me
and propped his feet on the coffee table in front of the sofa.

“So, another date, I see?” Izzy’s voice sang. I turned around and saw her
coming down the stairs. “Where to?”

“He won’t tell me,” I pouted. Izzy rolled her eyes. “So what’re you up to
today?”

“I don’t know. I’ll figure something out.”

“Why don’t we go shopping? We haven’t done that in a while,” I suggested.

“Seriously? Zade just walked in.” Zade raised his eyebrows in agreement.

“It’ll be fun. Besides, I need to get something to wear for tomorrow.”

“Tomorrow?” Izzy blinked. “What’s tomorrow?”

“White roses,” I answered.

“Ohhh,” Izzy sighed. “Let’s go, then. I saw this really nice pair of heels at
the mall a few weeks ago. Maybe they still have them. Bye, Zade!”

Zade sighed as we left. In the car, Izzy kept shifting her gaze to me.

“What?”

“You seem to be getting pretty cozy with him.”

“And?”

“Are you still faking it? Because if you are, you’re doing a damn good job.”

I stared at her. “What?”

“Is this still about payback or do you actually like him?”

I opened my mouth but paused before I spoke. “I don’t know,” I admitted
truthfully. I rested my head against the window and watched the trees zip by.
“I don’t know.”

“If he finds out that the only reason you’re being nice to him is because you
want revenge for something he doesn’t know he did, then he’s gonna be real
hurt, Noe.”

“I know.”

“So…?”

“I don’t know anymore, Iz. I originally wanted to get revenge, but it’s not
fair if he doesn’t know he did it. He had no control over himself. Hell, he
was fucking drunk.”

Izzy sighed as we pulled into the parking lot. “Tate doesn’t even know.”

“He doesn’t?” I gaped at her. I thought she told Tate. I thought she told Tray
and Terrence, too. They were both studying abroad so it wasn’t like I could
ask them. I did want to, though.

“Nope.”

“Oh.”

“Come on. We’ll figure this out later.”

I followed Izzy into the mall, my feet dragging. That explained why Tate was
friends with Zade, because if he’d known, then Zade would be dead right now.
Izzy hadn’t told them about the rape. It was three years ago but all I could
still remember it like it happened only a second ago.

All I could think about were the white roses.

Zade’s POV

I looked around the room after Noelle and Izzy had left. There were pictures
of the two of them, of Noelle with the Stouts, and an older picture of the
family. There were five kids. I knew that the three boys were Tate, Terrence,
and Tray, but there were two girls. They were almost identical, but one’s hair
was darker than the other’s. They both had blue eyes. One had to be Izzy; she
was probably the one with the lighter blond hair. But who was the other girl?”

“Hey man, you didn’t tell me you were here,” said a voice from behind me. I
turned around to see Tate grinning.

“Eh, I figured I’d surprise you.”

“Lemme guess: you came to see Noelle and she and Izzy ditched you.”

“That obvious, huh?”

“Nah, I just know my sisters.”

“Sisters?”

“Well, Noelle isn’t really my sister, but she’s basically my sister. I mean,
we’ve known each other ever since she and Izzy were born.”

“What? How?” I asked. Justin said that Noelle King moved to L.A. from
Milwaukee only a month ago. How could Tate have known her before then?

“Izzy and Noe hung were best friends before Noe moved to Milwaukee. Now she’s
back and they’re like sisters again. Noe’s parents aren’t around a lot, so she
practically became part of the family,” Tate explained.

“But I thought she was new to town,” I sputtered.

“Nope.” Tate popped the _p_. “She was born and raised here just like us. You
don’t remember her ever being around?”

“No.”

“Oh. Well then you’re blind.”

“So that’s her in the picture?”

“Yep.”

I blinked rapidly. If I heard Tate right, then Noelle wasn’t new to town and
she knew exactly who I was at Justin’s party a few weeks ago. She lied to me
when she said yes when I asked if she was new to town. She deliberately
avoided me when I went back into Justin’s house to look for her. She knew
about Zoe and me. She knew everything. So why would she lie to me?

I took my phone from my pocket and called her. I was sent straight to
voicemail.

