### The Chocolate Rose by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2014-10-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Romantic fantasy. Prince Arrik is isolated, his kingdom threatened. Is the chocolate rose and the gardener's daughter Elvira his salvation? 

* * *

**THE CHOCOLATE ROSE**

  
**Now**

Prince Arrik peered out of the Palace tower window, his breath misting the
thin plate glass. As far as the eye could see, and he could see a long way
over the flat terrain from this high up, the ground lay white in a thick layer
of freshly-fallen snow. More thick soft white flakes gently floated down from
a still leaden sky. His mother had forecast the snowstorm yesterday, so he
shouldn't have been surprised by it. She was so wise and he had yet to learn
such wisdom.

Every morning lately when he arose, he was sad. Something was missing from his
life. He knew what it was, of course, but felt powerless to do anything about
it. It all stemmed from that cursed Chocolate Rose. He first heard about it
two months ago, was curious about its existence, followed it up and within the
space of a single day his life had been completely turned upside down.

Before the chocolate rose episode Arrik's life was simple, ordered and safe.
He could have been killed during the adventure and now he was virtually
imprisoned, though not physically, but his heart felt constricted as if it was
bound in heavy chains.

"In three months' time I will be crowned King Arrik, the most powerful man in
my kingdom. But I am alone and friendless without the princess of my choosing
to share my crown, powerless to change my unhappiness."

He spoke to himself, alone in his isolated chamber. He had been doing a lot of
that lately, as well as sleeping alone. He felt the absence of his cousin more
than he thought possible.

Every morning recently he had to fire himself up to face the day. He had so
much to learn, and so many people, a whole nation, who depended on his being
able to hold court, make fair and far reaching decisions that affected the
wellbeing and happiness of all he ruled. It was a big responsibility and it
was important to project confidence and a positive attitude. Despite his
misery, any cutting himself off from his family, advisers, subjects and
appellants was simply not possible.

The only relief to his constant misery came unexpectedly last night when his
other cousin, Princess Loquaria, to whom he had been engaged for over three
years, threw herself into his arms, overcome with happiness and joy at his
decision. Her actions surprised him, but made a welcome change.

Today there were no lessons, no hours of court sitting, no queues of advisers
clamouring to press their point of view. The day was his to do with what he
wanted. His mother the Queen was his teacher in matters of state now and,
after she had forecast the first lowland snow of the winter, she had given him
the day off.

"Right, Connie," he said out aloud as he dressed himself, preparing to leave
his modest lofty chamber, "you better have the bacon on!"

He laughed now, determined to pretend to the world that he was cheerful, as he
gathered his skis, delivered from his old home only a week earlier. He
remembered the last time that it snowed as thickly as this. In the mountains
it was, at the hunting lodge that had been his refuge and home since he was
six. He had left the mountains just two months ago. How much had changed in a
matter of weeks.

  
***

**Two months ago.**

It was cold and the young man had his face pressed so close to the tiny thick
glass window that his breath instantly froze on the surface and he had to use
the sleeve of his night shirt to see out through the slightly greenish,
imperfectly bubbly, glass.

"It's the first snow of the winter!" he said, more to himself than anyone
else. A groan from the second single bed in the chamber meant that someone
else was disturbed by his excitement.

"What are you up for Rik?" the second voice, deep and gruff with sleep, said,
"it's barely light and there's no school for you today. Your lucky tutor has
gone to warmer climes for the winter."

"That makes it even better, Tom!" the first young man said as he jumped onto
his friend's bed, "come on lazy bones, get up, wash, shave and dress, it's
been snowing all night!"

"Let me sleep, you monster, I hate the snow, I hate the cold, I hate it here
in the mountains most of all!"

"Ha! Look, there are fresh tracks up the track from the village, I bet the
butcher's been and Connie's cooking our breakfast, because I can smell bacon!"

"You can always smell bacon. I don't know where you put it all. You eat like a
king but you are as thin as a beggar! It's not fair. I only need to smell
bacon and I start bloating up like a pig."

"Fiddlesticks! You are as fit as any knight of the realm that I know."

"And just how many knights do you know, O mighty Prince Arrik, to be crowned
king of this fair land in the spring, upon his 21st birthday, whilst still so
wet behind his ears?" his friend mocked.

"Only you, cousin," Arrik admitted, running a hand through his long thick
tousled blond hair, "but you are bigger than all the guards and half a hand
taller than me."

"Well, I'm five years older. You're still growing, and you'll fill out more
too, if any of that bacon ever sticks to your ribs. Damn it, Rik, now I can
smell bacon, too!"

"Well, first one in the kitchen gets the better rashers!"

Prince Arrik first heard about the chocolate rose from Connie the cook, when
he sat down in the kitchen at the mountain chalet. This wooden building was no
palace but an extended hunting lodge, which had been his only home since
shortly after his father the King died fifteen years earlier, when Arrik was a
boy only five or six years old.

He had begun to gulp down his breakfast, of bread, bacon and eggs, as quickly
as he could, keen to get out and enjoy the fresh fall of thick white snow. The
snows had come early this year, even in the mountains it was considered so.
Perhaps it foretold the coming of a hard winter. Arrik was eager to don his
skis and set out into the fresh air and onto the slopes while the virgin snow
was still crisp and fresh.

The cook was in conversation with the butcher, who was warming himself in the
kitchen after delivering fresh bacon and meat for the evening meal. He'd had
to carry it up from the nearby village. He said that all the talk in the
village, in fact the whole kingdom, was of nothing else but the miraculous
chocolate rose.

Count Condran, Prince Arrik's uncle, the brother-in-law of the late king, had
ruled the kingdom as Regent, following King Bygord's death in a chariot racing
accident. Prince Arrik was expecting to be crowned in the spring. His mother,
Queen Etherida, was married to the Count soon after being widowed, to "secure
the throne", but was almost immediately banished to the Castle on the Lake
"for her safety". The Count continually warned that the borders were under
threat from the other four kingdoms, hence the difficulty of importing goods
like chocolate. The Queen was forbidden to see her son as it was unsafe for
both to be in the same place at the same time. Arrik had immediately been
taken to the isolated hunting lodge, high in the mountains and difficult to
get to. All the horses and carriages used by the ever changing guard were kept
stabled in the village.

The Queen and Prince had to be content with writing to each other. Arrik was
the first prince in his lineage to be taught to read and write.

The Count's first wife, Finnella, the King's sister, had died in childbirth
just months before the King's fatal accident, the girl child apparently
stillborn. The Count's eldest boy, Sir Tompty, a knight and prince in his own
right, was five years older than the Prince and was Arrik's best friend and
constant companion, as Captain of the Prince's guard. The Count's youngest
child, Princess Loquaria, was now nearly 16 but had been promised to the
Prince as his bride-to-be and future queen since she was twelve and would
become his bride on her 16th birthday, just weeks prior to his enthronement.
The Princess had lived with the Queen since her mother died.

In this isolated mountain hunting lodge, where Arrik was kept "for his
safety", he had only met his betrothed cousin once, brought to him at the time
of the summer betrothal three-and-a-half years earlier. Arrik kept his low
opinion of the shy, nervous maiden to himself.

His ears pricked up at the conversation he heard between Connie and the
butcher.

"What is this talk of a chocolate rose, Connie?" the Prince asked of the cook.
Even crown princes rarely had the treat of chocolate in these difficult times.

"It is so curious, Your Highness," Connie the cook replied, always conscious
to address him correctly in mixed company, "It's been the only subject of
gossip down in the village for nigh on two weeks now. A chocolate rose
flowered down in Newmarket town and it is said to be not just petals flavoured
like chocolate, but really rich dark crunchy, melt-in-the-mouth chocolate."

"No!" Arrik laughed, "That's impossible, even at the Castle on the Lake, the
warmest spot in the kingdom, all the roses have withered and died two months
ago, Mother wrote about her sorry garden at the time. And chocolate doesn't
grown on rose bushes you know!"

"Well, everyone believes in the chocolate rose, Sire," piped up the butcher,
bowing slightly, as he prepared to take his leave. "I must be off, it looks
like more snow'll fall afore long."

"I suppose everyone wants to believe in some magical rose, made of chocolate."
Arrik said quietly as if to himself. "I wonder what truth lies behind this
weird tale?"

"What are you thinking, Rik?" asked Tompty, who overheard his friend's words.

Arrik said quietly to his cousin. "I'd like to find out more about this
phenomenon, how could anyone confuse a flower with some object fashioned from
chocolate?"

"It must be some kind of hoax. I will ask father if you can investigate. It is
about time you stretched your royal wings and saw something of your kingdom
other than this chilly corner."

"That would be great, Tom, but first, we must get our skis, we can't let all
this snow go to waste!"

The cousins were relaxed in each other's company, as they were with the
hunting lodge domestic staff, after all they had known them since they were
both small boys. Tompty knew how curious Arrik was about everything. Tompty
couldn't read well, as befits a knight and prince, but Arrik had learned early
from the tutors provided for six months of the year and he read everything
that the lodge's tiny library had, plus any books that Tompty was able to
smuggle in from the dusty Palace library near Newmarket town or the Castle in
the Lake when he visited his sister and aunt.

The Count's express orders regarding Arrik's education were that he was not to
be taught to ride, wear armour, or to handle a sword. He was never to put
himself in harm's way, like his father had. He was to spend his school time in
book learning, the arts and sciences, gentle pursuits in readiness for the
throne. And Tompty knew how good Arrik was at book learning. Arrik was strong,
too, being his father's son. Although he had not been taught how to ride,
wield a sword or draw a bow, the boy could ski better than anyone, climb
mountains as well as any goat and was a deadly game hunter, extremely accurate
with a slingshot. Tompty laughed at the thought, his father the Count said
nothing about the Prince using such toys, even if it was only to discourage
birds from raiding the kitchen garden, or supplementing Connie's stockpot.

"Where do you two think you are going then, masters Tom and Rik?" Connie
called out sharply, tapping her foot on the stone flags, as Tompty and Arrik
headed for the kitchen door, "when there are goblets and bacon and egg pans to
clean and put away where they belong?"

Connie had always made sure that the Prince learned that his extra treats and
the privilege of being allowed to eat in the warm kitchen, rather than the
draughty dining hall, was a benefit he had to pay for, by doing some simple
chores. She smiled, as Arrik readily returned with his own handsome if
sheepish grin before walking to the sink to wash up. Connie loved him even
more for being the wonderful young man and worthy king that he was growing
into. In the absence of both the boys' parents she had mothered the pair of
them all these years as if they were her own brood.

"I must see to the setting of the guard," Tompty said hastily, by way of
excuse, and ran out of the kitchen, slamming the door behind him.

'Mmm,' Connie thought to herself, 'I'll let it ride this once, but that Tompty
won't get away with that little trick again.' She turned to see Arrik juggling
the huge heavy cast iron pan and a copper pot in the air under the vaulted
kitchen ceiling, shaking water drips everywhere.

"Dent any of those pots, Master Prince, an' I'll tan your young hide, so I
will!" Connie threatened, trying hard to suppress a smile.

"Don't worry, Connie, this is the best and fun way of drying pots that I
know!"

***

**Interrogation**

The gardener, who was rumoured to have grown the chocolate rose, had been
arrested a week before and thrown into a cold dark dungeon, deep below the
Palace.

He was questioned by the Count himself, "Did you grow this reported Chocolate
Rose?"

"How can such a rose exist?" the gardener replied evenly, though strapped and
unable to move on the infernal rack.

"The kingdom is awash with this ridiculous tale of you growing a flowering
rose in mid-winter, and it not only tasted of ... chocolate, but had the exact
feel and texture of chocolate. So, how did you grow or fashion it?"

"But isn't it impossible to have any kind of rose flowering at this time of
year, fast approaching mid-winter?"

"Of course it is!"

"And surely only a very rich man could afford to pay a chocolatier to fashion
a rose from chocolate, not a humble gardener?"

"Ah hah! So, you were in collusion with a chocolatier, huh? Which one?"

"Why would a skilled chocolatier make a chocolate rose for a humble gardener
as some kind of joke, and not use such an exquisite object to advertise his
skill to sell more chocolate?"

"I don't know why. Tell me where this rose cam from."

"What rose?"

"The chocolate rose that is said to have been grown in your garden!" The Count
was starting to lose his temper, and he was never on the longest of fuses at
the best of times.

"Who told you I grew a chocolate rose?"

"Everyone, all over the whole kingdom, is talking about this confounded
chocolate rose."

"Including the Prince?"

"What!?" Count Condran snapped.

***

**Investigation**

Tompty had managed to pick up the basics of reading and writing, at least
enough to cope with the official to and from messages from his father, without
the need of a scribe at the lodge.

A messenger was immediately despatched to the royal palace, informing his
father that the Prince was curious about this chocolate rose that everyone was
talking about and had expressed a keen interest in investigating the incident
personally. Would the Count permit Arrik to travel to Newmarket town and
question the gardener and any other witnesses to the appearance of this
chocolate rose? He added that he was prepared to escort him incognito, with
the bare minimum guard, so as not to risk attracting any attention.

Tompty had long been of the opinion that the Prince was never under threat and
should have been allowed to live in the Palace with the Queen. Tompty
remembered his aunt, the Queen, as a confident, vivacious and loving woman,
not the timid fearful recluse that his father made her out to be. He had only
occasionally seen her in the last few years, visiting his sister and a lady in
waiting that he was particularly attracted to, and the Queen appeared to be as
unchanged as she ever was.

The Count considered Tompty's request regarding Arrik's interest. The
chocolate rose was complete nonsense of course, a stupid hoax. He had
personally supervised the questioning of the simpleton gardener. He couldn't
understand the high levels of public interest in what was fast becoming of
legendary proportions. Even the Grand Council, full of the oldest, most soft-
minded barons he could possibly appoint, were full of questions about the
subject. Why not let Arrik waste his time and energies on this tomfoolery?
What harm could it do? It also presented an opportunity that he had long been
waiting for.

"Very well," he dictated to his clerk in writing to his son Tompty, "let the
boy loose on the subject if you must. The idiot gardener is still unwilling to
answer questions, however, so is pointless to be seen by Arrik. The fool's
daughter is still at large as we have no proof she knows anything, so she is
of no consequence. Arrik must be accompanied by you at all times and, as you
suggest, he must travel incognito. It is imperative for the safety of the
country that no one discovers who he is."

He dismissed the fool clerk to write out the missive in his best handwriting.
Then he turned to the Captain of the Palace Guard.

"Dargo, I have a discrete little job for you. Gather three of your best men,
ones who know how to keep their mouths shut. Once you have left the castle,
change into clothing of the sort that desperate hooded highway robbers might
wear. Oh, and make sure one of your men is the best archer we have."

So, it came to pass that the two friends set out on the whole day ride from
the mountains to Newmarket town, which itself was less than a two-hour ride
from the Count's abode at the Royal Palace. The Prince and Tompty travelled by
coach, as Arrik was never allowed to ride on horseback, accompanied by two
liveried coachmen. They stayed in a Newmarket town inn overnight and called on
the gardener's daughter in the morning.

  
***

**Maid Elvira**

The rose garden has been dug up and everything bagged and sent to the Palace
for expert examination. So Arrik was unable to gather any information, despite
checking over the barren ground for any clues.

When Arrik was introduced to the daughter of the gardener by Tompty, it was as
a foreign scientist, interested in investigating the phenomenon of the
chocolate rose. He was instantly struck by her stunning looks.

The maiden, about his own age, was tall, only an inch or two shorter than he,
and slender, with long braided black hair and the darkest brown eyes he had
ever seen. Like liquid pools of chocolate, he mused. She was quite the most
beautiful creature he had ever had the pleasure to meet, not that he had ever
had much opportunity to meet young maids. At home, the daughters of the
tradesmen often persuaded their fathers to take them up to where the handsome
young prince lived. While some were pretty, none of them affected him as
strongly as this maiden did.

"I am Doctor ... er Rik" he stumbled, trying to remember that he was supposed
to hide his true identity from this beautiful young woman, "And you are Maid
...?

"Err-r-rick?" she asked in imitation of his clumsy introduction, clearly with
a disarmingly amused smile playing on her face.

"No, just Rik," 'oh dear', he thought, 'This isn't going well', "and you are?"

"I am El, Doctor Rik," she answered, "just El."

"A very short name, Maid El, for one so tall," he smiled at the raven-haired
creature, mesmerised by her eyes, which sparkled with lively intelligence,
maintaining eye contact with him. She was erect, proud, confident and smart,
unlike the shy unsophisticated village maids he was used to addressing, "may I
be permitted to know your full name?"

"Maid Elvira-Coral Shacklefurthbury. I know, it is an awful mouthful of a
name, which is why all my friends call me El."

"Then you are just the person I need to speak to, about the chocolate rose-"

"Oh, no, I am saying no more about the chocolate rose, I've been questioned up
hill and down dale on that subject. I am heartily sick of it and I have
nothing more to add. Please ask my father, who is being asked questions on
that subject even now, by the Count's authority."

"I can't," Arrik admitted, "He is still in the Count's dungeon."

"And you clearly have no access to him, even though you are here supposedly as
a foreign expert in such matters?"

"I am here in ... an unofficial capacity."

"Merely to satisfy your curiosity ... Doctor?"

"Something like that," he admitted.

"Yes, I thought there was something rather strange about you. For a foreign
professor, you speak my language extraordinarily well, a little too well, I
think, sort of ... plummy, if you ask me."

"Well, my mother was originally from around here, or perhaps a little more to
the south, and you should realise that foreigners practising another tongue
always try to speak it more exactly than a native."

"So, as a native of your own distant land, how would you say, 'Good morning,
El', in your native tongue?"

"Er, 'croresny patchek, El, payn'."

"Mmm, why the 'payn' at the end?"

The Prince-cum-Doctor smiled and cheerfully lied for his amusement, "It is a
mark of respect, specifically reserved for maidens of school age or similarly
immature."

"Really? Well, not only have I left school, I am a teacher at the local
elementary school, so I am not sure that 'payn' is still an appropriate term
to use."

"Then, El, if I may be allowed to call you as your friends do, I will refrain
from the offending epithet." Arrik added, "Is it usual for the daughter of a
gardener to be a school teacher?"

"My father is not just a gardener," El replied testily, "but the Mayor of
Newmarket town, I suppose the Count found it much easier to throw a gardener
into his dungeon than a mayor!"

"I wasn't aware of that," admitted a thoughtful prince.

Arrik turned to Tompty, "We must speak to this gardener, or rather the Mayor,
Tom."

"But, my fa-"

"Your ... the Count ... gave permission for me to investigate the existence or
otherwise of this supposed chocolate flower, if we need to question him then I
insist-"

"All right, all right!" grinned Tompty, holding his hands up in mock
surrender, "I give up, to the Palace dungeons we go."

"I would also like to come with you to see my father," Elvira said, quietly
and then more forcibly, "he has been gone for over a week now without any word
as to his wellbeing. May I accompany you, Doctor Rik?"

"Of course," Arrik readily agreed.

The thought of sharing a coach with this beautiful young maid for a couple of
hours was an agreeable notion, except that Tompty was also with them. Arrik
was well aware that his older cousin had casually flirted with or courted a
succession of village maids, while he was shy with those that had tried to
become familiar with him.

Elvira, to his regret, only seemed to find Arrik amusing rather than attracted
by him. She started on him in the coach before they had even left the town and
climbed the long steep hill out of the valley.

"Your coachmen seem armed with the same swords issued to the palace guard,
Doctor, as does your man here, who carries himself more like a knight than any
ordinary servant of a learned investigator. I noticed the weapons and the two
types of military men when my father was arrested last week."

"I dare say such weapons are a common issue, available to all who wish to
purchase arms of the common sort."

"Possibly, but the crests you have painted on the coach doors have been
covered by sheets of parchment decorated in a plain and rather crudely painted
coat of arms that I've not seen before. Did you, by any chance, paint them
yourself?" She had an amused smile on her beautiful face.

"No," Arrik lied, but unavoidably turned red under her gaze as he did so, "now
why would you think that?"

"Because in the sunlight the parchment becomes transparent and the Royal Coat
of Arms underneath is unmistakeable."

Arrik thought about it for only a second, before holding out his hand to the
young woman.

"Maid Elvira-Coral Shacklefurthbury, it is my pleasure to properly make your
acquaintance. I am Prince Arrik and this companion knight is my cousin and
best friend, Sir Tompty, the Captain of my personal guard, two of whom are
pretending to be coachmen."

Elvira smiled and shook the hand of each man in turn.

  
***

**Ambush!**

The dungeon, where the gardener was chained to the wall, was a depressing
place to be. Although not seriously injured or tortured, he was dirty and
bruised where he had been soundly beaten. The dungeon keeper was ordered by
Tompty to unchain him immediately and to fetch hot water and towels. Elvira
had brought a change of clothing for her father.

"Mayor Shacklefurthbury, it is a pleasure to meet you," The Prince introduced
himself after Elvira had embraced her father, "I am Prince Arrik, my companion
here is my cousin, Sir Tompty."

The newcomers left Elvira to help her father wash and change before Elvira
called Arrik back inside the dungeon cell.

As Arrick spoke to the Mayor, he was impressed by his dignity, even though the
man still did not admit to the existence of the chocolate rose bush, answering
all questions with another question. His daughter had nothing to say on the
subject but was tearful at the treatment of her father and his continuing
discomfort.

Tompty was quiet, but from the appearance of his face, he was clearly unhappy
how the mayor of the most important town in the kingdom has been beaten and
imprisoned without trial and in the absence of just cause. Imprisoned and
beaten over a chocolate rose? It didn't make sense. He was reluctant to
approach his father, until he was sure Arrik and his two new acquaintances
were free of this cell. He persuaded the dungeon guard that his father had
finished with questioning the gardener and they would take him home and send
for a doctor to treat his injuries, to make him warm and comfortable for his
recovery. He departed with the dungeon keeper to fill out the paperwork.

The gardener admitted to Arrik when they were alone, "Sire, there has been no
preparation for the coronation of you, as King, due in less than six months.
And all mayors throughout the kingdom have received official but secret
notification from the Count that the Regency would continue to rule for the
foreseeable future. The Count added that he should be addressed as His Majesty
in future, not His Excellency. There was no mention of the Prince's coronation
in any correspondence at all. It is as if, like the chocolate rose, you as
prince a future king only exist on the lips of the people."

Arrik pursed his own lips. He had started out investigating the chocolate
rose, a mystery that seemed of little consequence to his future, just a bit of
fun, a diversion from his normal restricted existence. The fate of the crown,
though, was another matter, a development that hitherto he had any reason to
imagine.

The Mayor continued, "You should be aware, Your Highness, that neither Queen
nor Prince has been mentioned by name in any communique since the first one
announcing the Regency, shortly after your father the old King died. Many
people had begun to believe that our Queen and Prince also died at the same
time."

Tompty returned during the last conversation and declared that he was not
aware of this apparent policy by his father. He sat quietly in thought before
speaking.

"Rik, I know nothing of this. If there was any threat to you, I have always
been on and by your side. I swore an oath as Knight that I always will stand
by you as Prince and King, to the death if necessary. My father seems intent
on continuing his Regency indefinitely or until he can perhaps declare himself
king."

"For the Count to become king," the Mayor said, "he would have to rewrite the
law, as no baron can be king, only a prince, like you Sir Tompty and Prince
Arrik."

"I am a soldier, not a king. I only serve the king as my master. Rik is an
excellent scholar, bright and keen to learn. Rik has been kept away from court
and his mother, and has had little training in how to rule. But I am sure he
will catch up. He was born to be a king. However, in his isolation, he has had
no opportunity to gather allies to his cause. His training has also meant that
he is ill-equipped to take the throne back by military means."

Tompty looked upset by the delivery of his own words and thoughts. The
treachery of his father, the Prince's uncle, was a reflection on him, his
sister, on his whole family.

"The Prince has the will of the common people," Elvira said firmly. Her father
nodded in agreement.

Through the dungeon keeper, after the Prince left, the information that the
Prince had been in the Palace, and acting in defiance of the Count, whipped
though the castle as quickly as the rumours of the chocolate rose had and
spread further out into the countryside. Apparently, like the chocolate rose,
the people discussed whether the Prince actually existed, as the Count hasn't
mentioned him since the old king died. Also they had long understood that the
Queen has continued in mourning and shut herself off from the people. They
began to question this impression too.

As the Prince's coach rode back to Elvira's house at the foot of the hill on
the edge of the town, the Mayor revealed to the Prince that the chocolate rose
never actually existed, it was a rallying cry for the people against the
oppressive rule of the Count and his swingeing import costs, as hardly anyone
had tasted real chocolate in years.

All the mayors throughout the Kingdom had been warned to have the local
militia on standby as an important proclamation was to be made by the Count in
the spring and they were warned that there may be trouble. The senior mayors,
chief among them the Mayor of Newmarket town, met in secret. All agreed that
it looked like the Count was planning to crown himself king.

This is what prompted the Mayor to come up with the concept of the magical
appearance of the chocolate rose. The rose was likened to the Prince, whose
appearance to solve the ills of the kingdom was wished by the people. The fact
that the Prince was also lured out of hiding and now free of the Count's
clutches was a bonus.

"I've not been hiding-" began Arrik, before realisation dawned on him. "Oh, I
suppose I have been, or at least been hidden from view. And by being out of
mind I have been forgotten, which was my uncle's plan."

"Not totally forgotten, Your Highness," Elvira said, "just relegated to
legend, nursery rhymes and the like."

"Please call me 'Rik', El, when we are with my friends, except when we're in
formal company." He smiled at the maiden, who smiled warmly back at him. Arrik
thought they had shared a moment there that made an impression on them both.

"Whoa!"

They heard the yell from the coachman and the coach skidded to a halt. Arrick
and Tompty were out of the doors, right and left respectively, before the
coach stopped rocking on its springs. There, standing in the road ahead of
them, was a heavily-set man dressed as a highway robber holding onto the lead
horse, two mounted men behind brandishing swords and a fourth ruffian standing
on an elevated slope to the left side, armed with a nocked and drawn bow. They
all wore hoods drawn over their heads, disguising their faces.

Tompty drew his sword, Arrick was unarmed, other than his sling, into the end
of which he placed several stones from a pouch attached to his belt. He
imagined that if he got close enough to a villain he could use it as a cosh.
Arrik was on the opposite side of the coach from Tompty. He heard the door
creak as Elvira descended the steps behind him. Arrick allowed the weighted
end of his sling to drop down ready for swinging as he crept up alongside the
coach horses, while Tompty drew their attention away from Arrik's right hand
side, by shouting at their attackers.

"What do you mean by this hold-up on the King's road?" Tompty sternly demanded
of the four men.

"Drop yer weapon an' stand aside, young knight," yelled the large man holding
onto the horses, "and ye'll come to no 'arm, we on'y needs a few pennies to
buy ale an' bread at the inn. 'Tis a 'ard winter for them what's out o' work."

"Well, I have some pennies for you," Tompty threw a handful of tiny silver
coins from his pocket onto the road, "Now be off with you fellows before I
lose my temper."

"Best I don't lose mine, young sir or ye'll be leaking scarlet from an arrow
wound. Mind my words now, you drop yer weapon!"

Arrick was almost alongside the speaking man, whose field of vision was
affected by the hood he wore. Arrick swung the heavy sling and cracked it
against the hooded skull of the robber. The man fell sprawled across the road,
his hood falling away as he fell.

"Dargo!" cried Tompty, recognising the captain of his father's personal guard.

The leading coach horses reared up at the sudden movement by Arrik and the
robber falling at their feet. The horses of the two mounted robbers reared up
in like fashion and the raiders had to hang on or their mounts might have
bolted and thrown their riders. The coach horses were held in place by the
brakes, the rains of the coachman driver and the other two horses blocking the
road in front of them.

Tompty moved towards Dargo but stopped as an arrow hit him in the middle of
his chest. After standing stock still for a moment he fell backwards onto the
ground.

Arrik was not aware of this development and already running to the nearest
horseman and rapped the horse on the rump, causing it to bolt. The second
horseman lifted his sword above his head in preparation to strike the impudent
youth, but Arrik was able to strike his horse with his sling too, and the
robber was nearly thrown as his mount leapt away while his rider was
unbalanced.

The archer had nocked another arrow onto his bow and loosed it off at Arrik.
The Prince was sure that he was done for, he saw it coming straight for him
and he had no time to get out of the way, but the arrow somehow veered off
line and whizzed past his left shoulder. Arrik swung his weighted sling and
this time released the four stones contained within, three of which hit the
archer in the face, the fourth lodging into his throat. The archer was dead
before he hit the ground.

Arrik loaded his sling with a single pebble to follow the two mounted robbers,
and stepped round to Tompty's side of the coach. Only now did he see his
stricken cousin on the floor. He looked up and saw one of the robbers was
trying to control his mount and turn back to face his quarry.

Arrik fired his stone, which hit the robber full square on the side of his
head, so that he fell off his mount to the floor. The other man saw the day
was lost and dropped his sword, urging his mount to flee and made only two or
three steps before a shot hit him on the back of his head and rattled his
brain until he was unconscious. He slumped over the pommel and the horse
carried its senseless rider off into the distance, presumably back to its
stable at the castle.

By the time Arrik turned his attention back to his best friend, Elvira was
already kneeling by his side, had withdrawn the arrow and was pressing her
hands on his chest to stem the flow of blood, which seeped between her long
pale fingers, and encourage Tompty to breathe again.

Fearing the worst, with tears in his eyes, Arrik knelt on the other side of
his friend. Surely, no-one could survive such a wound. Picking up the arrow he
noticed that the metal tip was unbarbed, presumably so that it could be
removed easily by the archer without leaving evidence behind which might lead
to the identity of the murderer.

"How's Tom?" he asked of the young teacher, her hands covered in blood, still
pressing down on Tompty's chest. Suddenly, the young knight coughed, opened
his eyes and let out an enormous breath. Slowly, he breathed in again, trying
to sit up.

"Lay back, Tom," Elvira insisted, "please take it easy. You have a serious
wound. Can we have a blanket here, please?" she called.

The two coachman had not been idle since the threat disappeared. One of them
was tying up the lead robber, already identified by Tompty as 'Dargo', while
the other coachman fetched a couple of the blankets that had been wrapped
around the legs of the driver, and handed them to Elvira. Then he ran off with
a luggage strap to tie up the other man thirty paces down the road.

"That was a shot from the archer Birtley, the best bowman in the land," said
the first coachman, "Sir Tompty's lucky he weren't killed outright, and as for
you, Sire, I dunno how he coulda missed you completely from such a range. It
is said that Birtley never misses!"

The coachman pulled the parchment off the coach doors, proudly revealing the
royal coat of arms.

Elvira finished tucking one blanket round the wounded knight, then folded the
other and pressed it against his wound to stem the flow of his life force.

Arrik leaned over and patted his cousin on the shoulder comfortingly. He
turned to the maid whose prompt action had given Tompty a chance to live.

"Thank you, El," he said to her, "I think you have saved his life."

"He has a long way to go before he makes a full recovery, Rik, that is a bad
wound," she whispered to Arrik so Tompty couldn't hear, her plump red lips
brushing the tiny hairs on his ear, "We need to get him to the hospital in
Newmarket town to clean and bind his wound properly as soon as we can."

***

**Taken**

By the time the news travelled around the town that there was an assassination
attempt on the Prince, by no less than the Count himself, Newmarket town was
in complete uproar and the Prince was requested to attend a meeting of the
townsfolk in the main square. The Mayor put the two men who held up the coach
in the stocks. Under questioning, in front of all the town, Dargo and his
accomplice admitted the Count had ordered the murder of the Prince. They
hadn't intended harming the Count's son.

There was amazement too, as the body of Birtley the Bowman was displayed, the
archer who never missed, slain in self defence by the boy who all declared
should be King.

While the townsfolk assembled in the town square, the Count's palace guard
rode in and attacked the largely unarmed crowd. This turned out to be a
diversionary tactic. The Count himself, with a small band of soldiers, burst
into the hospital and dragged his recovering son out on a stretcher to a
waiting coach, to take him back to the Palace. Elvira insisted that he should
not be moved, so the Count in his fury took the meddling maiden along with
him, blaming her for this ridiculous chocolate rose rising which was at the
root of this rebellion.

Back in the square, Arrik quickly used his sling to fell a couple of horsemen
before a townsman could be harmed. The attackers, sure that they would face no
opposition, were suddenly robbed of the initiative and they beat a hasty
retreat back to the Palace from whence they came.

Arrik discovered that the hospital had been attacked, his injured friend and
the maid who both nursed his cousin's punctured heart and possessed the
Prince's heart, had been taken. He gathered the townsfolk and men from the
surrounding villages, who arrived with any weapon that they had managed to get
their hands on. He drove them on to march to the Palace. He dispatched another
group of riders, possibly considered too old to fight, to the Castle on the
Lake, to free the Queen and bring her to the Palace in due course.

The Mayor had a fast, light two-wheeled cart, which he harnessed up and drove
Arrik towards the Palace. On the way he met with servants who were fleeing the
Palace.

"Fellow citizens, do you know anything of Prince Tompty and the fair maid who
was caring for him?"

"Aye," said one woman, dressed as a cook, "the Count's son's in the infirmary
and very poorly, Sire, we doubt he'll survive the night, his wound turned bad
and there be no nurse to care for him. As for the maid what was with him,
she's been thrown into the room at the top of the tower. It will be more
difficult to get to her than even the dungeons. She ... she's to be burned as
a witch at first light, they say, Sire."

Arrik wished he had been taught to ride. The roads appeared to be choked with
armed men going one way and unarmed women and servants going the other. It was
taking all afternoon to get there.

The men marched on the Palace to lay siege. On every crossroad they meet with
folk coming from every corner of the kingdom, by horse or by cart or by foot.
All with one cry, "Down with the Count and long live the Prince".

When the first of Arrik's supporters reached the Palace, they were met with a
fusillade of arrows, which the people collected and passed onto the few
archers brought with them, so that they could be fired back when they were
ready to attack. Their leaders met with Arrik when he arrived with the Mayor,
to find out what they must do.

Arrik noticed that the tower had only one window at the very top, and there
are no arrows being fired from the tower. In the gathering twilight, he could
see the flicker of torchlight, or possibly a fireplace in the top-most room.
The wall was sheer, but for a strong, experienced and determined climber like
Arrik, there were handholds to be found between the stones.

"Anyone got a rope?" he cried to the host around him. Arrik wondered if he
could get up there with a rope and have others follow him, an armed band to
breach the thick defensive walls.

Someone, a carter, offered him a coil of strong rope from his wagon. Arrik
measured it roughly by the span of his arms and reckoned it a couple of spans
short. The carter had more rope, though lighter and of lesser thickness, and
expertly ties it onto the end of the first rope for Arrik's use. Now he has
several spans spare.

The rope is heavy, but Arrik is strong. However, he tied one end of the
lighter rope around his waist, leaving the rest on the ground, so he would not
bear the whole weight of the rope until near the end of his climb. The men
around him became excited and started up a cheer. He hushed them, lest they
warn the guards of his plans and asked them to move well away and make more
noise elsewhere to distract the guards. Some laugh, a few slapped him on the
back and wished him well, but they all moved off to provide the distraction.
The light was beginning to fade, it would be dark soon and the moon not likely
to rise for some hours.

He started to climb, using a buttress to begin with. At the top of the
buttress, the tower was near vertical. He found plenty of handholds in the
masonry. About halfway up, some of the stone used was poorer quality than the
lower blocks and some crumbled away in his hand and he almost fell. He
steadied himself, as his foothold from his soft leather boots remained secure.
It was almost completely dark by then. He didn't want to look down as the
torch lights from the castle besiegers would affect his night vision. He moved
right until he felt more solid stone under his fingertips, at a place where
there was more shelter from the weather, although there was some lichen
growing here. He grinned, climbing the mountains back home, he was used to
moss and lichen on the stone and his confidence grew once more and he
continued his climb steadily and surely.

He was unarmed except for a small knife, his trusty sling and a pouch full of
selected pebbles.

Eventually Arrik reached the window sill. He peered in. He saw Elvira lying on
a palliase. Her eyes were closed, so he thought she was asleep. As he squeezed
through the narrow window, she started, instantly alert.

"Arrik? How?"

"Shh, El. I am here to rescue you."

"The door is locked and double bolted on the other side, there is no way out
through there."

He would have to change his plans, there was no way he could bring a force of
men up here, they would be trapped.

"Fine, I've brought rope enough to carry you down from here."

She was tethered to the bed post by a leather thong around her wrist, which he
cut. She struck a flint and lit a candle, to amplify the light from the dying
embers in the fireplace.

"I must get to Tompty," she insists, "I am worried for him, he may not survive
his being moved for long, without me to care for him."

Of course she needed to go to his cousin. Arrik realised that this beautiful
maiden, who had made such an impression on him, had her heart set on the
better man. Tompty was not only Arrik's best friend, he was taller, much more
handsome with his dark hair and stronger build. A bookworm prince was no match
for a dashing knight, injured in brave and righteous battle. Arrik could not
hold any grudge against his dear cousin, who was prepared to die for him, in
defiance of his powerful father. He could never deny the happiness of the two
people he loved most, just couldn't.

"He is in the infirmary next to the kitchen." Arrik said. "The cooks fleeing
the palace said as much, and Tom is in danger."

Elvira looked out of the window, and gasped, seeing the rope trailing down to
the ground.

"I can't believe that you climbed all the way up here on your own."

"Well, I had to rescue you, and I need you to save Tom."

"The kitchen is down there, round to our right. The infirmary is the extension
on the end. Can you get us down there from here?"

"No problem, I'll cut off a piece of this lighter rope and tie us together
round our waists. You'll have to put your arms around my neck and hold on
tight, although if you do slip, the rope should hold you."

He cut off the rope a length equivalent to a span of his arms, which he draped
over his shoulders for a moment. He tied the end of the long rope to Elvira's
solid wooden cot, which was bracketed to the wall. He tested it for strength,
it didn't move. Then he pulled Elvira to him, looped and tied the spare rope
around them. She raised her arms and held them around his neck. They were so
close that Arrik could taste her sweet breath on his tongue. Arrik had to
force himself to breathe normally.

"You know what they are saying, Rik," she looked into his eyes, "they wanted
to burn me in the morning ... as a witch."

"I know, El, I heard on my way here and I couldn't bear to let that happen."

"I think it is true, though, my mother was a witch. She was killed by the
Count when he took over the kingdom. He murdered all the witches, he was proud
to declare as much. I was only a child at the time." She continued in a
whisper, "You know that the people believe that he murdered your father, too,
it being no accident. He separated you and the Queen. He wants to rule the
kingdom and he will kill you if you get in his way."

"Not if I kill him first, El." Arrik grinned defiantly, "Reading between the
lines, El, I think my uncle killed his wife and child first, to leave himself
free to marry my mother once he'd murdered my father. He has a lot to answer
for."

"First we must save poor Tom's life."

"Yes, we'll go to him now."

They squeezed out through the window. Arrik leaned back with his feet on the
wall and the rope wrapped around his back taking the strain. Naturally, El
being tied to her rescuer, she was pressed tightly against him. She could see
the ground over his shoulder at first, so she buried her head in his chest,
Arrik was almost intoxicated by the smell of her hair. He drove himself on,
"walking" along the wall to his left, playing out the rope gradually as he
descended onto the roof of the kitchen.

Using his knife, he cut his way through the thatch and stuck his head inside,
the kitchen was lit by several torches, while the cooking fire blazed away
merrily. It was empty of people, no doubt either already run away or were
defending the walls of the Palace. There was still plenty of rope, so they
descended from the pierced roof to the tiled floor, with Elvira still hanging
onto his neck. Once grounded, Arrik let go of the rope and severed the threads
tied around their waists.

They ran together through the door of the kitchen into the infirmary. There
were no nurses in attendance, nor were there any wounded yet. Clearly the
besiegers and defenders we're still sabre rattling and hadn't commenced battle
yet.

Poor Tompty lay in a rude cot, naked, covered only by a thin blanket, a huge
dressing on his chest, spotted with blood as the wound had opened up again. He
was pale as parchment and his breathing shallow and laboured. Elvira laid her
hands on his chest and immediately his breathing improved. He opened his eyes.

"Water?" Tompty croaked.

"I'll get some," Arrik offered. He had seen a pitcher in the kitchen as they
walked through. He had been tempted to a drink after his climbing but his
anxiety for his cousin had priority.

He first poured and drained half a goblet of water to slake his thirst, then
he topped it up again to take through to the infirmary.

Suddenly the kitchen door on the other side of the room was thrown open.
Standing in the doorway, sword in hand, was his uncle, behind him two men at
arms, who hadn't drawn their weapons yet. They must've noticed Elvira missing
and the rope leading down from the tower window to the kitchen roof, Arrik
speculated.

Arrik hadn't seen his uncle for over three years but was easily recognisable,
even though he was stouter, his hair thin and grey. But what stood out were
his eyes, he looked mad with fury.

"Arrik, boy, you are proving to be a bug that needs squashing!" the Count
snarled, "I gather the rabble of farmers and tradesmen outside baying for my
blood is all your doing?"

"Yes, uncle, and they will be your undoing."

"You young pup! You'll pay for this uprising with your life!"

The Count raced across the kitchen, sword held aloft to chop down his
meddlesome nephew. Arrik looked around, behind him was the open cooking fire
and, leaning against the stonework, was a long iron spit, just a little longer
than the ones he used to clean in his chores back home. He had played with
such things in the warm kitchen for hours during long winter days, ever since
he was a small boy. Grasping the spit, it felt comfortable in his hands.

It was a little heavier than he was used to, but he was able to parry the
Count's chopping sword with a clash of steel against wrought iron. Arrik
tilted the iron rod and guided the sword under its own impetus down to the
ground, swinging the other end of the skewer until it connected against the
right shoulder of the Count, causing him to drop the sword with a ringing
clatter on the floor tiles.

The Count staggered back, holding his stinging shoulder. He cursed his nephew
loudly and called his men forward to chop him into mincemeat. The pair of
soldiers drew their swords and approached this young stranger with rather more
caution than their furious master had. One circled around to Arrik's right,
the other spread to his left, with the Count standing in the middle, having
drawn his dagger, his discarded sword being well within the reach of Arrik's
iron rod, which he held horizontally with his arms held out comfortably in
line with the width of his shoulders.

The assailants were wheeling their swords around their wrists, biding the
right time to strike in concert. When the one on Arrik's left had the tip of
his sword pointing away from Arrik, the Prince feinted to jab at the man on
his right before thrusting the sharp point of the iron spit at the left
swordsman's wrist, sending the sword crashing to the ground, before Arrik
swung the point round to smack him hard under the chin. He could hear bone and
teeth crack under the weight of the blow.

Then Arrik twisted to face the right swordsman, who had advanced to take
advantage of the successful move against his companion. But Arrik only had to
lift the other end in a small arc to jab the on-comer in the stomach with the
blunter end of the bar. The man fell back, winded, rubbing his bruise.

The first man, angry now and with blood streaming from his mouth, picked up
his sword and rushed at Arrik screaming, the sword held above his head. Arrik
dropped the blunt end against the stone step in front of the fire behind him
and swung the pointed end at his attacker and held on tight, as the man ran
straight into the dense iron bar, which stabbed him right through the chest.

The Count saw an opportunity and rushed the now disarmed Arrik with his dagger
poised. Arrik grabbed a copper pan resting by the side of the oven and parried
the stab of the knife, spinning around with the pan at full stretch, gathering
momentum, and caught the Count with a glancing blow on his left shoulder. The
Count fell to the ground, sprawling at the feet of Elvira, who had come to the
door of the infirmary to see what the noise of the battle was about.

The Count scrambled to his feet and ran away out of the door he had entered
and along an open-air crenelated passageway connecting the kitchen to the base
of the tower. His surviving man at arms arose and limped after him rubbing his
stomach. The man with the iron spit through the chest lay twitching in his
death throes.

Arrik poured a fresh goblet of water and carried it through to Tompty, who was
now sitting up, wondering what had taken place. The last time he was conscious
he was in Newmarket town hospital.

"Tom, your father has gone mad and is trying to kill me, he has already had
two attempts himself, and it looks like he had ordered his captain and archer
to kill me back on the road. He also planned to burn El at the stake at dawn."

"I know he's mad, Rik, I've been lying in a daze thinking. He must've killed
my mother and baby sister first in his bid for power. I can never forgive him
for that, or for trying to kill you or El. Help me up and I'll-"

"No, you will not help!" Elvira was firm. "You nearly died today, if we don't
get you to the hospital for treatment and rest, you might open your wound
again!"

"Hold firm old friend," Arrik said, "we'll leave now, before the Count can
regroup and have another go at us."

Arrik checked the outer door to the infirmary, it was locked and bolted shut.
The only way out was back through the kitchen and across the outside
passageway that the Count just left through. Arrik knew they couldn't get out
through the tower. In the kitchen he worked out how much rope he could use. He
whispered to Elvira.

"We can lower Tom down by rope from the passageway, then you slide down to
take care of him, and I will follow."

They dragged Tompty through the kitchen to the passageway. Soon after they
emerged, however, the door into the hall at the base of the tower opened and
the Count and a host of soldiers followed behind him, many of them carrying
torches, the night has fully descended by now and it was pitch black outside.

Arrik pulled out his sling, loaded it with a pebble and fired it at the
advancing Count, who was now wearing a helmet. The Count had never seen a
sling used as a weapon before and he sneered as the Prince swung it in his
hand, but as soon as the projectile headed towards his face with the speed of
an arrow, his jaw dropped in shock and he barely moved before the stone
accurately hit him square between the eyes in the slot in his helmet. The
Count collapsed to his right as his legs gave way and stumbled between the
crenellations in the fortifications, they were much lower on the inner side.
Arrik's second stone, despatched immediately after the first, hit his uncle in
the chest and he fell through the gap, grabbing at the tunic of the man at
arms next to him but dropped through and disappeared from view. The soldier
was also pulled towards the battlements, but he put out both hands on the
battlements to save himself, dropping his torch in the process, which followed
the Count over the wall. All his men stopped stock still as they heard a
bloodcurdling cry of agony from the Count.

Elvira was closest to the wall and she peered over. Although the distance to
the ground was less than the height of three men, the Count had fallen on the
stake that he had planned to tie Elvira to at first light. The stake was
surrounded by stacked cordons of wood, soaked in cooking oil, ready to be lit
to destroy the maiden he accused of witchcraft. The torch landed on the
cordons in a shower of sparks and the whole lot went up in flames, the Count
screamed and continued to scream in agony as the flames engulfed him.

A couple of bold soldiers recovered their wits and stepped forward, swords
drawn, but were struck down, maimed but alive and groaning, by the lightning
strikes of Arrik's deadly sling. The remaining soldiers were perplexed and
leaderless. They did not know what to do.

"Hold men," wheezed Tompty, leaning heavily on Elvira's shoulders, "You know
me, men, I am Sir Tompty, the son of the Count, I have trained or served with
most of you before. Some of you have served on rotation at the lodge, you and
you and you, you know the Prince. Put down your arms, there is nothing to
fight for now other than maintain the rightful rule of law. This noble young
fellow here is the rightful heir to the throne. The Count tried to kill us to
claim the Kingdom for himself. Bow down to His Highness Prince Arrik,"

The men looked at each other and, as a man, threw their arms down. And kneeled
at the Prince's feet.

Arrik called out to them, "Get into the courtyard, men, put out those flames,
the Count must survive and stand trial for his crimes against the Kingdom."

"Aye, Sire!" they cried in unison, turned as one and ran down to save what
they could. The bonfire below had already become too fierce to peer over the
battlements any more.

The three companions made their slow progress down to the courtyard. Someone
had already opened the main gates, in order to fetch buckets of water from the
moat. The Palace guard held the farmers and tradesmen at bay although news
that the battle was over and the Prince victorious spread like wildfire.

Elvira's father, as leader of the rebels, was allowed through to find out how
his daughter fared. Arrik and rebels helped with buckets too, and the fire was
soon extinguished, but it was too late to save the Count from his horrific
injuries.

  
***

**Now**

Prince Arrik peered out of the Palace tower window. He had adopted Elvira's
former lofty prison as his personal bedchamber, with new bed and fittings
which had been carried up the circular staircase.

As far as the eye could see the ground around the Palace lay white with snow.
Soft white flakes fell from a leaden sky.

"In three months' time I will be crowned king, the most powerful man in the
Kingdom. But I am alone, friendless and with no princess to share my crown."
He spoke sadly to himself.

Today there were no lessons, no court, nor crowd of advisers clamouring for
attention. The day was his to do with what he wanted, however solitary his
activities might be.

"Right, Connie," he said, "you better have the bacon on!"

He laughed, remembering the last time it snowed, when in the mountains just
two months since. How much had changed in so few short weeks.

Connie was happily cooking up a storm in the kitchen, with serving maids
rushing back and forth, each laden with jugs of wine, ale, platters and
covered trays of breakfast food to ferry to the main dining hall. She smiled
as Arrik came through the door and plonked himself down at the kitchen table,
where the servants would have their breakfast, once all the Palace family,
staff and guests had eaten their fill. She would tolerate Arrik in the kitchen
while he was still a prince, but when he was King, she might have to ask him
to eat in the hall with the others, at least some of the time.

Tompty didn't come into the kitchen very often any more, Connie heard he was
interested in one lady in particular. As Arrik was adjusting to his permanent
role, so was Tompty settling down at last. She felt sad that for some strange
reason there appeared to be a growing distance between her two former charges.

"I knew you'd be chasing me for your usual pile of bacon and eggs, Rik, before
venturing out into the snow," Connie observed with a warm smile, "you should
be pleased and excited by the change of weather, but you look more like you've
swallowed a wasp!"

"It's not like the mountains around here, Connie, it's so flat and boring,"
Arrik replied morosely.

Into a trencher Connie piled up bacon from a huge tray already prepared and
popped on top a couple of the fried eggs that had been bubbling away over the
fire and placed the steaming trencher in front of her favourite Prince.

"Here, eat up Rik and then get out of my kitchen," she said, feigning
displeasure, disarming her words with her usual loving smile on her rosy face.
"And no more washing up chores for you, my prince, since I've got all the help
I need since moving here, thank you."

"Alright," he replied, cheering up a little with the smell of the bacon, "but
if you are ever short handed...."

His mother walked into the kitchen as Arrik was halfway through eating his
breakfast. Connie and the four or five staff present all curtsied the Queen.
They were not accustomed to seeing her in the kitchen. She clearly knew where
she would find her only son though. She sat herself onto the bench seat
opposite and motioned him to sit back down after kissing her on the cheek.

"I thought you were wonderful dealing with Princess Loquaria last night,
sweetheart. You set out so gently but firmly in telling her that you were
breaking off your engagement. I was so proud of the way you handled that
delicate matter."

"Well, then she shocked me by being so pleased about her release from our
betrothal. How was I to know she has been madly in love with some pimply
lakeside farmer for the last couple of years? Nobody tells me anything. I've
never been kissed so any times in one go before in the name of joyful
gratitude."

"Well, I thought it was a touching and beautiful moment, dear."

Connie brought over some buttered toast for the Queen and, while there, she
squeezed her favourite prince on the shoulder.

"I'm proud of you too, Your Highness." Connie said, before she walked back to
her cooking pots.

"So that's why you've come into the kitchen, Mother, to embarrass me in front
of Connie?"

"No, of course not, I love how regally you are handling yourself, honourable
and noble as a king should be, as well as relaxed and charming with the staff
you know and love. Your people will love you deeply as they get to know you,
too. I just want to be sure that you, the man within and behind the royal mask
of duty, is happy, too," she said, "I think you are ready to take over your
duties as King any time you want to. No need to wait for the coronation to
take up your responsibilities."

"Really?"

"Yes, really. That will mean I can proceed with my own projects, as I settle
into my new role as King's Mother. I am setting up my own coven again, having
tracked down the daughters of my old coven. I want to be ready to do good
magic while you become King."

"So it is true, you really are a witch?" he smiled at his mother.

"I was always a witch, Rikky, I left my coven when I married your father. I am
looking forward to casting good spells again." She paused before continuing,
"I like that maiden, Elvira, you know, and wonder why she doesn't come over
much any more."

"Well, she stayed here for a whole week," he replied.

"In the very room you have now moved into, where you wallow in your solitude."

"Yes, you are right as usual. As for El, she only came back once or twice a
week to see Tom while he was recovering. Now I suppose she only sees him at
the Lake."

"So you didn't see her when she came to the palace?"

"I haven't seen her since that first dawn after the Count.... I don't see Tom
now either, since he went to the Castle on the Lake to rest a few days ago, so
I suppose once they get married I'll hardly ever see them at all."

"Tompty and Elvira won't marry each other, Rikky. He's quite friendly with one
of my ladies in waiting, he's been seriously courting Lady Tenly for the last
couple of years. He would pop down to the Lake every chance he could and that
is why he is staying down there now, helping her pack up the last of my books
and gowns. Elvira didn't follow him down there, dear, she is at home with her
father. I hear she is back teaching in her school."

"What!? Tom's seeing someone else as well as Elvira, playing with their
affections?"

"No, I'm sure he isn't. Anyway, I know for a fact that Elvira doesn't love
Tompty, at least not in that way. I know who she is in love with and who
should give her a chance to secure the happiness she deserves."

"I know I shouldn't ask this, Mother, just who is it that Elvira-Coral is in
love with?"

"You, of course, Rikky, dear. When I speak to her, and I have a lot recently,
all she ever speaks about is you."

"Me? But we have hardly ever been together since that one day we met."

"Ah, the day when you released her father from a dungeon, rescued her from the
tower, protected her from your uncle, saved her from being burned as a witch,
while she saved your best friend Tompty. That day ..." Queen Etherida pointed
out with her handsome smile, "and she saved your life that day, too."

"Saved my life?"

"Surely you've heard all the talk of how the archer Birtley, the finest bowman
in the land, missed your heart at point blank range? He missed hitting you at
all. I remember when he was once your father's best archer and he had
practiced constantly since. Everyone in the Kingdom, but you, knows that
Elvira saved you from certain death on that day."

"But ... how?"

"Elvira's mother was a witch, in fact her mother Coral-Enn was of my old
coven. Elvira has inherited her healing powers and I am sure she was also able
to deflect the arrow directed at your heart. She saved your life, my son, and
you've hardly ever spoken to her since. I hope you don't break her heart, and
you will if you don't love her in return."

"But it hurt me too much seeing her, believing she loved another, my cousin.
And she is a commoner. The law says a king must marry a princess."

"What the law actually says, dear, is that only a princess can become queen,
but a prince can marry whoever he chooses, whoever he loves. Better by far
someone he loves and loves him back. When I married your father, Bygord was a
prince and I was a witch. I gave up my coven to became a princess and later
queen. Ultimately that sacrifice saved my life, if I had still been a witch I
would have been murdered by Count Condron, along with all my coven sisters."

"So, if Elvira loves me, as you think she does, I would be free to marry her?"

"Yes, if you love her."

"I do love her, Mother, I can't stop thinking about her."

"Well, you better get a move on, if we are going to fit in a wedding before
the coronation."

"I could go there now!"

"What, in all this snow? It is too deep for a coach and you are not a good
enough horseman yet."

"You are right, Mother, I'll never make it by horse, or by coach."

  
***

Chocolate roses

Elvira heard first the ringing bell and then the town crier announce that
there would be no school today, because of the snow. She was already dressed
in her warmest cloak, ready to make the short walk to the school house. She
thought she would go outside anyway as there were a number of frail people who
would be unable to get out and about because of the snow and be welcome of a
friendly visit. Her father was already at work in the Town Hall, preparing for
the coronation in the high church hall as soon as winter ended.

The thought of the coronation, that everyone in the land eagerly looked
forward to, only made her sad.

"I will serve the children of this town in any way I can, like my father has
all his life," she said to her mirror as she finished tying up her braids to
fit under her hood, "I will never marry. I could never marry a man unable to
match the one who holds my heart. I will serve my king, even if he's forgotten
I ever existed."

She wiped the tears from her eyes, squared her shoulders and ventured out onto
the snow-covered footpath in front of her house.

The snow to the sides of the street was only about three inches deep, due to
the overhang on the houses, but the centre of the street was over a foot thick
in places. It was hard, powdery snow that looked as though it would be around
for a while, with large soft flakes falling gently on top. She could clearly
see on the surrounding hills how thick the snow lay, with many of the stone
walls covered by drifts, the highways impassable.

The snows were early this year, she thought. Already, school children were out
playing making snowmen and a stray snowball whizzed close by her, followed by
a high-pitched apology. Parents were outside with their little ones, too, so
it was looking like a holiday, with no school or little work for anyone today.

The town crier rang his bell again and started a brand-new news item, "Oh
Yeah! Oh Yeah! Latest news! Latest news! Check your gardens as chocolate roses
are appearing in gardens everywhere. There is one chocolate rose for every
man, woman and child. Oh Yeah! Oh Yeah!"

Elvira looked around her, people were emerging from their front doors, each
carrying chocolate roses. Parents with several children had a matching number
of chocolate roses, enough for everyone in the land, apparently.

She turned and ran through her house to her back yard. There, in an otherwise
empty patch of snow-covered earth, two chocolate roses stood quivering on thin
chocolate stems, proud and clear of the snow.

She, of all people, knew the chocolate rose was only an idea, it was never
real. It was an idea her father dreamed up. Magic, she thought, it can only be
magic, of a power and sense of sweet humanity that was a miracle in itself. As
she reached out for one of the roses, her rose, another chocolate stem grew
out of the ground right in front of her eyes. It soon reached the height of
the others, with a tiny bud on top that expanded as it grew up until the bud
blossomed into a perfect chocolate rose. A few soft flakes of snow settled on
the glistening blooms in frosty decoration.

Three roses? There was only her father and herself living in this house. Why
would they have three? Imperfect magic, perhaps? In a daze she plucked two of
the delicate stems and carried the roses through to the front street.

Everyone was pointing up the hill, along the Kings road towards the Palace.
There had been no traffic on the high road all morning, other than pedestrians
around the houses. The snow was too deep and slippery on that steep hill for
any horse or cart to manage.

But there at the top of the hill, after an impossible journey, and now rushing
down the virgin slope on skis towards her, was the Prince for whom that extra
magical rose in her garden must be intended.

Her heart soared knowing that there could be only one reason why Arrik had
come here. He had come for her. That's why the magic of the chocolate roses
appeared just at this moment.

Arrik was her Prince, soon to be King, her Rik, who would love her forever and
ever.

The end.

