### Blood pressure 2 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2014-10-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** After completing their mission, Lily, special agent, is flying back to the base with her team aboard their private jet. The occasion for her to recall how she first met her hot over-protective boss and her terribly sexy - but scary - mentor Gabriel... 

* * *

Thank you for reading!!! :) Feedback appreciated! Oh and excuse me for some
english mistakes... I'm actually French! See you soon for Chapter 3! xx

Barely two minutes after waiting in the car with the heater on maximum, we
hear the helicopter coming. I turn back to our ex-hostage.

\- Outside is going to feel like the Arctic Circle but it will last less than
a minute.

She looks at me with bewildered eyes and before she can protest, Jake and I
get her out of the car. The air generated from the helicopter blades freezes
us. I attach our survivor to the harness fixed to the rope and wave to the
agents so that they can ascend her. Then it’s Jake’s turn and finally mine.

\- Wrap yourself in the survival blankets!

The din is deafening and we need to scream to hear each other. The trip to get
us back to the airport lasts no longer than 5 minutes – thank God because
these blankets are far from being efficient.

\- Man, what a massacre! Jake whistles while seeing the rest of our team.

\- They shot Jeff in the leg but nothing too serious, Izzy says.

She’s a thin, tall blonde girl with so gorgeous hair, she could have done ads
for a shampoo brands. She’s been in an agent for 4 years though. And it’s
pretty well known that people who tend to mess up with her… Tend to simply
mess up with their life.

\- I was more talking about the cars… Couldn’t you at least spare one of these
jewels?

\- You always have the sense of priority Jake… She replies annoyed.

I smile quietly because now that the mission is over, pressure drops and the
constant good mood of my teammate is getting contagious again. Like always.

\- Don’t worry, I say on a confidential tone. The Aston Martin will be
repatriated with us and I’m sure you’ll be allowed to drive it once we’ll be
back to the base.

Then I see his face light up with this famous 100 000 Volts smile that make
girls melt. Jake is my teammate since his integration in the Agency about 18
months ago. He’s 24 years old, two years younger than me. I’m I charge of him
and frankly, his Californian surfer attitude got on my nerves quite a lot at
the beginning. His slim figure combined with his curly blond hair and his blue
eyes gives the impression that he’s the kind of guy who always gets what he
wants thanks to his charm. But with time and countless missions we did
together, I discovered him a more serious and passionate style. Determined,
bright and loyal, he’s put up with each blow giving them back twice harder.
Although his dare-devil attitude is still sometimes getting on my nerves, I
like having such a jolly partner by my side.

The seven of us board on the private Jet chartered to bring us back “home”.
Our base is actually situated on a small Pacific island off the American
coast, somewhere on the same latitude than Coos Bay. The island is not listed
on any map.

The flight goes pretty quietly. I have to say that most of us haven’t slept
during the last 48 hours. Paul and Izzy fall rapidly asleep while Jeff is
resting thanks to anesthetic drugs we have on the plane for situation like his
one. Jake is taking a shower in the small bathroom situated at the back of the
plane and I find myself sitting next to the researcher who’s weirdly totally
awake. Dale, our chief for this mission comes and sits in front of both of us.

Dale is no more than 30 – like most of us by the way. He’s got the figure of a
Body-builder, is bold and almost never smiles. He turns to us and starts
whispering in order to let the others sleep peacefully.

\- What happened after you left?

\- We chased them until Seattle’s marina and they dived into the sea with the
car. We followed them swimming but here we have a brave scientist who didn’t
need any of our help to escape, I conclude while gesturing toward her.

\- It’s giving me too much credit, she says awkward. Let’s just say I was very
lucky.

\- What do you mean? Dale asks.

\- I mean she managed to free herself from her handcuff, steal the driver’s
gun, shoot him and swim to the surface. All by herself.

\- Impressive, he simply says.

\- I hope you’re not talking about her swimming talents, here!

Jake is now getting back to us still wet from the shower with just a pair of
jeans falling on his hips and a white towel hanging around his neck. If I
didn’t consider him as my little brother, I would think he’s hot with his
perfect abs. He sits next to Dale while pursuing on a joking tone.

\- I saved her life as _Madame_ was trying to save one of our enemies.

\- First of all, we’re not exhibitionist here so be nice and go put on a
T-shirt.

\- Does the sight of my body disturb you darling? He cuts me off.

\- Second, I continue ignoring him, it’s the second time today that I keep
myself from strangling you when you call me like that.

I can see the scientist dodging a smile while Dale rolls his eyes.

\- And third, I wanted to use him as an information source in case we couldn’t
find Mrs. Ogden.

\- Please, call me Cassandra, she says.

\- Nice move Lily, Dale pursues, but next time, remember that priority is
given to the hostage… And I think you just won new swimming classes if I
believe Jake, he says quite desperate.

At the Agency, every agent needs to undergo an extensive training in order to
survive our risky missions. Of course, everyone has their weaknesses. But it
seems like I’m the only one having difficulties to survive three small minutes
without oxygen.

\- And you? What about the shooting? I continue trying to change subject.

\- We had to explode their Jet.

\- Any civilian victims? Jake asks, amused by the simplicity of Dale’s answer.

\- Luckily no. But we owe a new tarmac to the airport.

\- You blew up the jet?? Ogden asks incredulous.

\- They didn’t really give us much choice. And since you were out of the
scene, we had nothing to lose.

The researcher is shocked. And to be honest, I am too. We are reputed to be
discreet and to act in the shadow. Not to operate fireworks that will probably
make world headlines for the next few weeks. But I am too tired to worry about
that. What I need right now is a shower to get rid of the stinky smell of
rotting seaweed that I’m probably not the only one to find disgusting. I take
those few minutes to relax and kind of forget these last few hours. The hot
water is helping. A lot. So much actually that I’m almost falling asleep while
washing my hair. As I’m getting out of the shower, I look at my reflection in
the mirror and note that my new hair color is definitely not what suits me
best. With my big green eyes and my skin being as pale as a winter morning,
becoming blond was just a very bad idea. My long hair, usually silky and
shiny, look like burned straw. Maybe I should just cut everything. Being like
Dale. Bold. Yeah… Nah.

I measure 1m66 (1m65 according to my doctor but he’s a quack) and thanks to my
intensive training, I’m pretty fit. But what go with a perfect body are also
huge dark circles under my eyes… I can’t remember last time I had a good night
sleep seriously. I try to make myself a bandage on my arm to cover the light
wound my opponent inflicted to me under the water. Then I finally put on a
faded jeans and a simple white T-shirt with a V-neck. When I get out of the
bathroom, I see that Jake and Ogden felt asleep – finally. But Dale seems
annoyed.

\- I just received a call from Ethan. He wants to debrief with Paul, you and
me as soon as we arrive.

\- Fine.

I know that Dale just wants to go to sleep and that a debriefing is never a
cakewalk when returning from the field. I just want to go to bed too.
Especially when I have nothing to do at this kind of meeting. After all, Dale
is our mission chief, Paul is his “chief assistant” if we can call it like
that and I’m just an agent like Izzy, Jake and Jeff. But Ethan is not really
the kind of guy whose you discuss orders.

He’s our “big boss”. And still, he’s only 35. How the hell did he manage to
rise to the top at such a young age? Like all of us, I have no idea. Although
we are all very young at the Agency – you need to be to keep up with the
missions – being the n°1 at such a young age is science fiction. He’s been
promoted to this position just when he recruited me. He’s the one dealing with
world leaders and implement missions. He’s the emergency contact as soon as a
catastrophe threats our planet. He’s like on speed dial of the most powerful
people around the globe. They know him and they know they can trust him in
case of emergency.

Then Ethan composes the team and supervises more or less the operations
according to the severity and the sensibility of the assignment. Even if he’s
himself supervised by the board – which is formed by a dozen of formers agents
– he’s the man for the job and the one who takes decision. His charisma
impresses many, including me… Sometimes. He used to intimidate me a lot. But
let’s face it. I’m simply not the kind of girl who likes men that enjoy their
power over people. However, even if it took me a lot time to accept it, he’s
my boss. And I need to comply like any other good agent would.

More, I have a debt toward Ethan. I know it. He knows it. And I hate it.

About 3 years ago, as I worked in the Humanitarian in Guatemala, our escort
was ambushed. My entire team – young volunteers like me – was shot. I was
down, losing all my blood after I’d been shot in the leg. My memories of that
time are confused but I remember I heard helicopters arriving and men shooting
back on our attackers. I recall seeing Ethan approaching. He was tall,
slender, had light brown hair slightly curly and hazel eyes. He would have fit
more in an ad for underwear than on a battle field in Central America. He
detailed me a few seconds like he was assessing the damage and then made me a
tourniquet on the leg to stop the hemorrhage. He took to the woods to get me
out of the shooting scene and that’s when I lost consciousness.

When I woke up, I was in a small white padded room without window but with a
slightly open door. I was lying down on a hospital bed in a white coat and
although my leg was hurting like hell, I could feel I was getting treatment
for it. Still dizzy from the anesthetics, I could barely hear the whispered
conversation two men were having behind the door. I only heard snatches like
“too young”, “too late to turn back”, and “lucky”, “sentenced to life”.

A few days later, when I woke up again, Ethan was standing next to me with
another man. I supposed they were the two I heard behind the doors. The other
guy was about the same height as Ethan, had black hair falling against his
neck and incredible blue eyes. As Ethan was wearing a cream-colored pants and
a light brown polo, the other was dressed with a dark ripped jeans and a black
T-shirt that suggested an impressive musculature. But at the same time, he
seemed to be slimmer than Ethan. To be honest, he was probably the hottest guy
I had ever met in my life. But even if he was terribly sexy, this guy was
trouble. His eyes locked with mines and seemed to send me a message: I hate
you.

I had no idea what I did to him but clearly, he didn’t want me near him
either. It was like I disappointed him somehow and he was mad at me. But what
the hell? I didn’t know him, it was the first time we ever met! Ethan
introduced him as Gabriel.

And while I was wondering what I could have done to this hot scary guy to get
such a hostile reaction, my « savior » explained me where I was: in the
headquarter of a secret international organization that aimed to help humanity
survive various plagues such as epidemics or simply, human stupidity and their
love for mass destruction weapons. After explaining me in details how they
operated, he asked me to join the organization as an agent.

Although the Agency counts 600 employees from 102 different nationalities,
only a hundred of them are chosen to be part of the “field team” and are
called “agents”. Each agent should speak perfectly 4 languages, have a
sporting level worthy of Olympians and be gifted with a rare intelligence. I
had nothing of that. So I was wondering why he was asking such an odd thing.
He guaranteed me that everything could be learned but that what they were
truly looking for was people with a burning desire to change the world. And he
knew I had it. How? I have no idea and he always failed at explaining it to
me. He just knew.

He told me that rewards were unlimited and that I could basically have
everything I could think of. In exchange, I “just” had to give up my life. So
to the rest of the world, I would have simply died in the shooting and what he
was offering me was a fresh start.

Immediately, I pictured Will Smith in his role in Men in Black. I thought this
all had to be a joke and I needed to escape these crazy guys as soon as I
could. But with my physical condition, I was stuck. They didn’t let me have
any contact with the outside world and they only helped with my re-education.
After a few weeks, I was able to walk again and Ethan walked with me a hundred
times around the island. He wanted me to discover the paradise I could live
in… And to show me that it was just impossible to escape. He presented the
Agency, explaining every details of its running and answered patiently any
questions I had.

In 1963, a group of savants coming from the 5 continents created a completely
independent and nationality free organization aiming to bring peace and safety
to the world. Chaos is today’s world shows that there’s still a lot of work to
do but the initial approach is noble: Work for a better world.

There is in the agency several units like for example, the Research and
Development department that develops incredible gadgets and weapons, the
administration support unit, the IT department formed by reconverted hackers,
the medical unit that works like a small hospital – and that I knew by then
very well – or even the general operation department that encompass all jobs
linked to the smooth running of daily life.

But the core business of this utopia was the agents themselves – again, those
who named this function didn’t have an overactive imagination. And Ethan was
asking me to be part of it. If I initially wanted to run, I accepted the idea
faster that I would have wish. I discovered here the family that I never had
in my previous life. And even if I knew that a part of me would regret this
choice forever, I decided I would do it. I went through the normal recruitment
process for every new agent – athletics and mental capacity tests. And
finally, I went in front of the board. Ethan fervently defended my qualities
and the advantages of my integration as Gabriel, who had stayed distant and
cold during my entire recovery and preparation, strongly opposed himself to my
recruitment. He underlined – and unfortunately, he was right – my lack of
experience and my weak results at the physical tests.

But the board finally decided to “hire me”. Thank god because there would have
been no turning back for me otherwise. They would have maybe just killed me
because I knew way too much. I’ll never know. Anyway, a few days only after my
official integration, Ethan got promoted to the highest position in the Agency
and Gabriel got the misfortune of becoming my mentor. First I thought it was
the occasion for him and me to start over and maybe, who knows, become good
friends. But no. I still recall our first exchange.

\- So Angel, he said with a grin, congratulation! You just condemned yourself
to a life of misery!

\- That’s your vision of becoming an agent who wants to help humanity?

\- No, that’s my vision of me becoming your mentor.

As he said that, he stepped further and I stepped back until I eventually get
blocked against the wall. He then put his arms on each side of my head against
the wall and positioned himself so close to me I could have kissed him.

\- You wanted to stay here and fight? Fine. I’m going to train you. But let’s
make things clear: I don’t want you here, I don’t want you on a mission and I
certainly don’t want you next to me.

\- Curious way of showing it. You certainly stand very close for somebody who
doesn’t want to be anywhere nears me.

I may have sounded brave at the time but I was shaking inside. This guy scared
the hell out of me. He raised his eyebrow, took a deep breath and finally
stepped back.

\- These last few weeks with Ethan were like a nice walk compared to what
you’re gonna do with me. Don’t expect me to go easy on you. I’ll train you so
hard you’re gonna beg me to stop but maybe, thanks to that, you’ll have a
chance to survive.

\- When do we start?

\- So eager… Haven’t you listen to what I just said?

\- I did. But I’m not scared of you and I’m not scared of what you have in
mind. So one last time: When. Do. We. Start?

Amusement curled his mouth.

\- Now.

And he didn’t lie. He made me go through hell during the next 18 months. I had
to endure 6 days a week 6 hours of cardio, fight techniques and weapons
handling, 5 hours of strategy, language classes, anthropology and general
culture per day. Last day was more “soft” with only a triathlon, a surviving
class and two hours of yoga/meditation. I could barely sleep 6 hours per
night, haunted by my sexy torturer. Sometimes, he would even come to my room
to wake me up in person with a ridiculous fire alarm in my ears. I didn’t want
to give in. So I worked, trained and did my best constantly. Although Ethan
was busy with his new functions, he kept an eye on my training and would talk
to my mentor when he thought I was about to breakdown.

Gabriel was excelling in every single area. He was considered as the best
agent the organization ever had. But people kept fearing him. He was so
impressive, cold and solitaire. Having me almost 24/7 with him must have been
a shock for him too. Within the small amount of time I had without him, I
could hear people talking about him, how some admired him and some simply
despised him – even if I suspected them to be just jealous. I heard a 1000
times as well how much I was lucky to spend that much time with him – these
comments usually came from girls. And they probably didn’t realize how painful
my time with him was.

But slowly, Gabriel and I developed a strange relationship. Even if I was
still impressed, he wasn’t scaring me anymore and I knew he didn’t have the
intention to hurt me but just to teach me how to defend and yes, sometimes
too, how to attack. I admired him and oddly, he helped me building self-
confidence… This sometimes led to fights between him and me. No need to say he
always won the physical ones. But little by little, I think he came to
appreciate me as well… Slowly.

I only did 3 missions with Gabriel. First one, after only 3 months training,
was an awful, humiliating and painful failure. He had to choose between saving
me from drowning or catch our target – that’s when he discovered my main
weakness. After that, he added to the program swimming lessons 2 hours per
day. The second mission went pretty well if we don’t mention the fact that I
shot him by mistake in the arm. And the third one was luckily a huge success.
That’s after that mission that Jake got recruited. And Ethan – based on the
complete success of my last mission with Gabriel – decided to give me the
responsibility of training Jake. Even if Gabriel was still officially my
mentor, I wasn’t training with him anymore and hell was finally over.

I learned a lot thanks to him but I don’t forget that the one who brought me
here in the first place is still Ethan. So if he’s asking for a debriefing
after a non-stop 48 hours mission as I’m not even the more concerned, I
decently can’t refuse...

