### To Hell and Back Chap. 6 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-10-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** My phone buzzed in my back pocket. I almost dropped the phone. �You okay?� Izzy looked at the phone and gasped. �H-hello?� I said in a shaky voice. �Hey, Noelle. It�s me, Chase.� 

* * *

Noelle’s POV

“Izzy? What do you think of this?” I held up a red sweater. It was short-
sleeved and had a cowl neck.

“I love it. If Zade were here, he’d say that you’re the sexiest girl on this
damned Earth.” I laughed as Izzy showed me a simple black cashmere scarf.

“Love it,” I told her. My phone buzzed in my back pocket. I almost dropped the
phone.

“You okay?” Izzy looked at the phone and gasped.

“H-hello?” I said in a shaky voice.

“Hey, Noelle. It’s me, Chase.” I took a deep breath, trying to control my
anger. Of all the times he could have called me, he chose now? It had been two
and a half fucking months since I’d last talked to him because he’d graduated
early and stopped coming to school. What the fuck was he thinking? Did he
actually believe that he could just call me out of the fucking blue and expect
a friendly fucking greeting? What the fuck was wrong with him?

“I know,” I stated flatly.

“So…how’ve you been?”

“Fine.”

“Is L.A. nice?”

“Yep.”

“Is something wrong?”

“Yes.”

“What is it?”

_“What is it?”_ I yelled. People in the store looked at me as I ran outside
the doors. The heat blasted in my face but I didn’t care. I was already
burning. “What the fuck is fucking wrong with you? You think you can call me
after two fucking months of no communication what so fucking ever? No! Hell
no! You know what you are, Chase? You’re a big fat fucking prick. You never
told me you were graduating early. Guess who told me? Not you, oh no,
definitely not you. Your best fucking friend who apparently thought I was a
bitch and a whore told me. And you know what else he said? That you agreed
with him. So now I’m a bitch, huh? Well let me tell you something, Chase.
You’ve got some fucking nerve to fucking call me like this. Never call me
again. If you think we’ve still got something, then you’re fucking wrong. So
fucking wrong.” I hung up and clutched the phone so hard my fingers turned
white.

“Noe?” Izzy’s voice said. I turned around.

“Yeah?”

“Tate called. He said Zade wanted to talk to you?”

I sighed as she handed me her phone. “Hello?”

“Noelle?”

“Hey, Zade. What’s up?”

“I tried calling you but got sent to voicemail.”

“Sorry about that. I was on the phone with someone.”

“Who?”

I rolled my eyes. “My ex.”

“Your ex? You have an ex?”

“Yeah. Look, I’ll explain everything when I get home, okay? I just need some
time to cool down. Sorry.” I hung up and gave Izzy her phone back.

“What did he say?” Izzy asked.

“Who?”

“Chase.”

“He talked like everything was normal, like he never lied to me about visiting
a grieving relative instead of graduating early, like he never cheated on me,
like he never called me a bitch around his friends, like he never agreed with
his best friend that I was a fucking whore, like he called me at least once in
the last two and a half fucking months, and—”

“Calm the fuck down woman.”

I took a deep breath. “Right. Sorry.”

“Look, why don’t you explain to me in the car so you can blow some steam and
you’ll be calm when you see Zade?” Izzy put her hand on my shoulder. “You
don’t have to tell him if you don’t want to.”

I nodded. “I know. But I want to come clean. I can’t keep lying to him.”

We walked back to the car with almost ten shopping bags and Izzy got behind
the wheel. I stared out the window as Izzy put the car in reverse.

“So what _did_ he say?”

I turned to her and sighed.

“He didn’t say much.”

“So ‘not much’ was all it took to detonate the Noelle King bomb?”

“Yep.” I paused. “He said ‘Hey Noelle, it’s me, Chase.’ And I said, ‘I know.’
And he’s like ‘So how’ve you been? How’s L.A.?’ And then he got the message
that I didn’t want to talk. Then he said, ‘Is something wrong?’” I looked at
Izzy, my eyes dead with no emotion. “And then he asked me, ‘What is it?’ It
was like he didn’t even fucking _know _what he did wrong. I’m telling you, I
don’t even know why I fucking dated him in the first place.”

Izzy sighed. “You dated him because he healed you.”

I snorted. “Yeah, and look where that got me. He healed me just to break me.”

“Noe, you have to look at this from Chase’s point of view. Maybe he really
doesn’t know what he did wrong. Maybe he doesn’t know that he hurt you. You
portray an emotionally strong character, you know.”

“Since when did you become a damn English teacher?” Izzy laughed. “Anyway, I
don’t even fucking know anymore. I don’t care about Chase.”

“So you’re gonna tell Zade everything?” Izzy asked. I nodded.

“I just hope he doesn’t hate me for it.”

“Wait…” Izzy parked the car in the driveway. “Are you gonna tell him about
the…you know…”

“The rape?” Izzy nodded. “I think so. But I don’t know what’ll happen when
Tate finds out…”

“He’ll never forgive Zade and their friendship will be over.” Izzy’s voice
broke at the end. “Zade’s the only real friend Tate’s ever had. I don’t want
them to be broken apart. It’ll crush him.”

“I know,” I murmured. “I know. But what am I supposed to do? Hide it from
them? They’re gonna find out sooner or later.”

Izzy scrunched up her nose, the way she always did when she was thinking.
“Here’s what we’ll do: I’ll tell Tate and you tell Zade, but keep them in
separate sides of the house. I know what Tate will do and I don’t know what
Zade will do, but you probably do. We can only the best we can.” Izzy reached
over and gave me a hug. “Come on. Let’s get the bags.”

I dragged myself inside with five heavy shopping bags full of clothes and
shoes and makeup and perfume and dropped them by the front door. Zade sat on
the couch staring into space. The white roses sat on the table where I had
left them this morning. He looked up at me. “Hey.”

“Hey. Can I talk to you upstairs?” Zade nodded and followed me to my room.

I explained everything to him, starting from the rape and ending at today’s
incident with Chase. Zade was silent the whole time. He only said three words
when I was finished.

“I raped you?”

I nodded silently.

“Oh god…” He ran his fingers through his hair. “I had a dream about it but I
didn’t know it was real…I…I’m so sorry, Noe, I didn’t…I didn’t know what I was
doing. I can’t believe it. Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Because I didn’t want…”

“Want what?”

“I didn’t want you to know. I didn’t want anyone to know. Only Izzy. Chase
knew, too, but he’s back in Milwaukee.”

Zade put his head in his hands. “I’m so sorry, Noelle, I’m so sorry.” I
reached over and put my hand on his shoulder.

“I know,” I said. “I know.”

“Are you…Do you…are you going to leave me?”

I blinked. “What?”

“Are you going to leave me?” Zade’s eyes were on the brim of spilling tears
and it broke my heart. I didn’t even know why, but it did. I shook my head.

“No, I won’t leave you.”

His arms came around me and pulled me close. I rested my head on his shoulder
and shut my eyes as he trembled. He cried, which I’d never seen him do, and
shuddered like a child—a lonely, sad, frightened child. When he pulled back,
he looked into my eyes. “I don’t want to lose you.”

I gave him a little smile. “Well you won’t have to.”

His eyes lowered. He bit his lip and met my gaze. We leaned in and were just
about to touch when Izzy’s voice made us both jump back.

“NOELLE!”

“WHAT?”

“YOU MIGHT WANNA COME DOWN HERE!” Her voice was panicked.

“Shit,” I muttered. I grabbed Zade’s hand and pulled him downstairs with me. I
stopped when I saw who was standing in the doorway.

Izzy turned to me. “I’m sorry, Noe, I didn’t know who he was until he told
me.” Tate stood beside Izzy, who was slowly inching behind her older brother.

“It’s fine,” I told her. Her shoulders immediately relaxed but I could tell
Tate’s were still tense. He knew about Chase, and now he probably knew about
Zade, too.

“Hey, Noelle,” said the boy less than ten feet away.

I hated that voice, and more importantly, I hated whom it belonged to—

Chase.

And Zoe Saldona was standing next to him.

