### Story of Kida - Chapter 5 by Kai

**Date Added:** 2014-10-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

July 4, 2015: I spent the whole day with Luis, it went wonderful.

July 11, 2015: Luis is growing distant but i still care about him.

July 15, 2015: We finally talk but at the end we break up cause its best. I
cry myself to sleep.

July 18, 2015 : Lily invites me to a party so i can stop sulking Jesse give me
the date they move.

The day of the party:

Its 9pm and Im in a crowed car with lily and her friends. When we arrive to
the party we walk into a even more crowed space than the car. I had a feeling
something extremly bad was going to happen I knew it. As I walked through the
livingroom where guys and girls where grining on each other and some couples
making out on a couch. I looked into the kitchen were i spotted some guys
chugging beer and girls doing body shots off other girls. I truly dont know
what i was trying to find but whatever it was i had to. I proceed to walk up
the sairs and find myself an empty room. It was the master bed room a
california king bed, a balcony that outlooked over the pool in the back, two
closets, and a bathroom. I walked out to the balcony where the hot summer air
hit my face. I looked down at everyine else but in the end i started to stare
at the moon. I sighed I came to this party hoping i'd find Lus. I really didnt
want to be here i wanted to be in my room crying and watching sad love
stories. I let my head fall as tears started to build up into my eyes.

" Stop crying."

I wiped my eyes and turn around. It was Luis i felt like it had been forever
since i had him but ots pnly been a few weeks. I immediately stop crying.
There is a silence inbetween us which makes it awkward so i decide to leave.
As i start to walk towards the door he grabs my arm and i just stare into his
eyes. I can see that im not the only one hurting but he is too. He pulls he
closer to him and he strokes my cheek. Slowly my lips find his and we kiss. it
was all so prefect like the emd of a movie where the guy finally gets the
girl, but just when that thought ran through my head he broke our kiss.

" Im sorry, I just cant be with you "

He turned to the door and jusy like that he was gone. I stood there empty
handed once again. I couldnt take it, I had to leave i ran out the room, down
the stair, and out the door. I just ran and ran until I was finally a block
from his house. i didnt know what I was going to do but i was going to do it
there where he would see.

