### Blood pressure 3 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2014-10-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** "When we enter the hospital, I see him. He seems exhausted too but I can see some kind of relief when his eyes land on me. Mid long black hair, deep blue eyes, lean muscles and lips that just want to be kissed� He�s hot and I want him. Now. Wait. What? No! This guy made me go through hell!" 

* * *

It’s 5.30am when we land on the island. Dale is exhausted but meanwhile, seems
to be ready to attack a new work day. I am just ready to attack my bed. I walk
along the team on the tarmac when we enter the small terminal in glass in the
shape of a dome. In the center of it, we enter the glass cage big enough to
contain 15 people. The elevator sinks into the ground, pass through the
basement and go even deeper for about 10 seconds at an incredible speed.
Finally, we arrive at the heart of our base: a huge open space of about
4000sqm where men and women work to make sure missions on the field are going
well. Giant screens are everywhere, broadcasting portraits, maps, live webcams
and even satellite images. Worried look land on us but when everybody realizes
no one’s missing, they all relax and go back to their business.

\- Izzy, you’re taking Jeff to the hospital, Jake, go show Mrs. Ogden where
she’s staying and Paul and Lily, you’re with me.

Everyone split and I’m with Dale and Paul. Ethan’s office, hanging on the roof
like a half glass bubble is dominating the open space. We take another
elevator – more discreet – and go up the 15meters. We have to walk through the
long glass corridor above the open space in order to access the office. Just
before entering it, we penetrate into Cad’s office – his personal assistant.
He’s already holding the door for us with a huge smile.

\- My heroes! Ethan exclaims while welcoming us with open arms. Please, take a
seat! I saw you arrived with Ogden so I assume everything went well?
Congratulation!

\- We have the hostage but there’s no survivor, Paul says almost disappointed.
We blew up their Jet on the Tarmac and only Lily’s car is still functional.

\- I’m not surprised, he replies with a wink for me.

\- Ogden is fine but she needs to rest, she didn’t really sleep on the plane…
I say to change the subject.

\- Good. Any injured people on our side?

\- Jeff got shot in the leg, Izzy’s taking him to the hospital. Oh and hum…
Yeah, Lily nearly drowned. Again.

I glare at Dale as if he just betrayed me. He doesn’t even bother to look back
at me preferring watching straight as if duty prevails on solidarity.

\- I see. Dale, you take her to the hospital. I can see she also injured her
arm anyway.

\- I’m fine! I almost scream because I’m shocked they talk about me like I
wasn’t here. The bandage is just because of a light wound and the drowning,
Jake is exaggerating. I was perfectly handling the situation.

Well… Maybe not that perfectly but hey, they don’t need to know all the
details.

\- Until Jake needed to make you mouth to mouth.

Dale is glaring at me as if to say “shut the fuck up so that we can all leave
ASAP”.

\- Jake? Ethan seems surprised. The kid is surely full of resources… Lily,
you’re going to the hospital, end of discussion.

I roll my eyes but say nothing more. I’m exasperating by the situation and I
can’t wait to leave.

\- Paul, you can go straight to your room, you look damn exhausted and Dale,
after you walk Lily to the clinic, you also need to go and get some rest. I’ll
come and see you guys tomorrow morning to congratulate the entire team for
your effort. Until then, use your day to relax, you deserve it. Good job
everyone! Lily, can I talk to you for a second? He asks as I was walking out
with my teammates. Dale, it won’t take long, you can wait in Cad’s office.

He follows Dale to close the door just behind him while I’m waiting, half
sitting on the corner of his desk. He comes close. Way too close actually. He
bends a little on me, forcing me to lean slightly backward, then he raises my
chin with his index and locks his eyes with mines.

\- I don’t like when you roll your eyes at me sweet heart and you know it very
well. He says with a soft grave voice. If you don’t want me to lock you up on
this bloody island for the next 4 years, think about it next it, he adds with
a threatening smile.

Powerful people who enjoy using of their influence over others, remember? Like
I said, I just don’t like it. The more he does it with me and the less I take
him seriously. As a simple reply, I push him, get off this embarrassing
position and as I walk straight to the door, I can feel his eyes following me.
So just before leaving, I look back at him and snap on my most insolent tone:

\- At your service… boss.

Dale is taking me to the clinic even if I can go there by myself. But it’s
quite obvious Ethan doesn’t trust me to do so. And he’s probably right. I
never had some kind of hospital phobia or anything like that but let’s just
say there’s a good reason if I don’t really appreciate to go there. When we
enter the building, I see him.

He seems exhausted too. And even if I hate thinking that, it just makes him
even more appealing to me. Mid long black hair, deep blue eyes, lean muscles
and lips that just want to be kissed… He’s hot and I want him. Now. Wait.
What? No! What is wrong with me? This guy made me go through hell! However, I
can’t really refute it: I’m attracted to him. Some people may call that the
Stockholm syndrome. Personally, I prefer to call that pure stupidity.

I can see some kind of relief when his eyes land on me. And as Dale sees that
I’m now trapped, he leaves me to my doctor’s hands and goes to bed. This
“doctor”, this “quack” that I was mentioning earlier, this torturer… Is
actually a former agent reconverted 18 months earlier: Gabriel.

\- You look awful Angel, he says as he looks like he didn’t sleep during the
last 24hours.

\- Thank you! It’s good to see you too! I state ironically. And you look like
a zombie. You’re sure you can practice in this state?

Eighteen months constantly together made us somehow closer and even if he’s
still the only one that really impresses me in the Agency, being in his
contact has always the same effect on me: I feel relaxed and safe… And happy.
Since I became Jake’s mentor, I got injured more times than I can count. So I
almost got a loyalty card now with this hospital. But even if seeing Gabriel
gives me butterflies in the stomach, he’s also the reason why I try to avoid
as much as I can this place. Like during our training, he tends to overreact
and I feel like his treatments are too strong and last too long compared to my
injuries.

\- How did the mission go? He asks while inviting me to sit on the patient
table.

\- The scientist is OK. She looks like Izzy with 20 years more and brown hair.
You should like her.

\- Because Izzy’s my type? He says laughing while taking care of my wounded
arm.

\- Nop, because she’s older and because she seems evilly smart.

\- I prefer them younger and less… evil. I thought you knew that Angel, he
says softly with his smirk

I ignore the nickname as always – he always calls me like that anyway – and
the allusion.

\- So I heard you almost got drown again?

\- What the hell! Who told you that? News gets faster than in a high school
here!

\- Ethan called me before you arrived.

\- I didn’t almost drown, OK? Jake just got a bit too enthusiastic to put his
lifesaving technique in practice.

\- Speaking of which, I need a volunteer for my next class.

I look at him horrified. It’s just a joke. A bad one. Even if he decided to
retire from the field, Gabriel still teaches karate and swimming classes for
the agents. And who says swimming lessons says rescuing lessons.

\- You’ve got to be kidding me.

\- Sorry Angel but the choice is rather limited. Over 100 Agents, 16 attend
the class, 40 don’t need it and 40 are already on a mission.

\- So? What’s the issue? You still have 3 persons other than me to play the
victim on your class.

\- Difference is, over the 4, you’re the one needing more often to be saved.

\- That’s the lamest excuse I’ve ever heard…

\- I was just trying to be diplomat since you always reproach me to be a
heartless monster. Now, if you prefer, I can also simply tell you that I want
it to be you. So? Agreed?

\- To be your damsel in distress in icy water? No thanks.

\- Fine. So what do you think about: You’ll be my damsel in distress or I tell
Ethan that you caught an infection in the arm and that you need to stay two
weeks at the hospital so I can make you go through a full check-up, he says
with a tight smile while taking off his gloves, satisfied of himself.

\- You wouldn’t dare…

\- Watch me, he whispers in my ear with his damn sexy voice.

\- Fine! Jesus, I’ll be there…

\- See you tomorrow at the basin n°4 at 6.30am Angel.

\- Lessons only start at 7am!

\- Correct. So we’ll need to busy ourselves for half an hour, he tells me with
a wink.

I know that coming from him, I can translate that to “You nearly drowned AGAIN
so count on me to give you a half an hour long intensive free training to
remind you the swimming basis” but interpreted in another context, I can’t
help blushing. I get out of here annoyed at myself. I’m pissed off at him for
blackmailing me but I secretly can’t wait to see him again tomorrow. Why on
earth do I let him have this effect on me? I’m going to my flat – each
employee has one: A nice small apartment with a bedroom, a living room, an
American style kitchen and a cute convenient bathroom with bathtub/Jacuzzi. As
I put my bag on the couch and go to the fridge to get a fruit jus, I spot
something unusual on the dining table. A folded paper with an elegant writing:

“_You and I need to talk_”

I don’t recognize the writing since I’ve never seen it before and I have no
idea how this could have happened since our flats are completely and entirely
locked. But somehow, I know who this comes from: Ogden.

Thanks for reading guys! Don't hesitate to leave a comment to tell me what you
think :) Again sorry if there's some mistakes... Don't forget I'm French ^^
See you soon for chapter 4! xx

