### To Hell and Back Chap. 7 The End! by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2014-10-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Time to DTR for Noelle and Zade! 

* * *

Zade’s POV

What the hell was Zoe doing with this stranger, and how did he know Noelle? I
gripped Noelle’s hand and didn’t let go as Zoe approached her. “Listen, bitch.
Why don’t you take your man back and I’ll take mine? Zade is mine and this
asshole is yours, and it’s going to stay that way.”

I blinked. Was she really saying this all in front of my face? Chase stepped
in front of Zoe and looked at Noelle. I fought the urge to punch him until he
passed out. “Please, Noelle. I need you.”

Noe narrowed her eyes. “What?”

“I need you back. I’ve been shit without you. And why are you with this
dickhead when he’s the one who raped you?”

I bit my tongue. He was right, though I hated to admit it.

“Shut the fuck up,” Noelle spit in Chase’s face. “You’re nothing but a fucking
asshole who doesn’t care about anyone but himself.”

“That’s not true. I helped you get over this prick.” Chase jerked his thumb at
me while keeping his eyes on Noelle.

“And then you broke me! And guess what, Chase? That hurt more than what Zade
did because you were my friend. My fucking boyfriend, for Christ’s sake! What
the fuck is wrong with you? You think you can fucking march in here and expect
me to take you fucking back? Hell no! That’s never going to happen. Now get
out. You too, Zoe. I want you out.”

Izzy stepped from behind Tate and stood next to Noelle. She pointed to the
door. “Get out or I’m calling the cops.”

Zoe glared at all three of us and turned to Chase. She slapped him across the
face. “You said this would work,” she hissed.

“I said it would probably work. It wasn’t a guarantee, Saldona.”

“Don’t you fucking call me that, you arrogant dick,” Zoe said and grabbed his
arm, yanking him out the door. “Fuck you, bitches!” She screamed as Izzy
slammed the door. Tate turned to Noelle.

“Is it true? That he raped you?” I swallowed as Tate shot daggers at me with
his eyes.

“Yes,” I answered quietly. “But I was drunk and I’m not proud of it.”

“Don’t hurt him,” Noelle pleaded. “It wasn’t his fault.”

“He fucking raped you!” Tate snapped. “If you and Izzy weren’t here, he’d be
dead by now.”

“He was drunk. He didn’t know. And I forgave him. Look, I know this is hard,
but can you just try to see if from my perspective? If you can’t, then at
least don’t hurt him. Please,” Noelle said. Tate glared at me before stomping
upstairs and slamming his bedroom door.

“He just needs time,” Izzy murmured. “He needs time.”

I slumped onto the couch and stared at nothing. Why did Zoe come? She was
perfectly fine with us being over until now. And how did Chase find us?

“Hey, it’s not your fault,” Noelle’s voice said quietly as the couch cushion
dipped beside me.

I looked at her. “How could you say that? It _is_ my fault. _I’m_ the one who
raped you. Of course it’s my fault.”

“But you didn’t know what you were doing.”

“I still put you through…through all that pain…I don’t understand how you can
forgive me so easily.”

Noelle put her hand on my knee and interlocked out fingers. “I’m over it.
You’re a good person, Zade. You didn’t know what you were doing; you didn’t
have any control over yourself.”

_I’m so sorry,_ I thought. _I’m so, so sorry._ “I love you,” I whispered.

Noelle’s eyes widened. “What?”

I shook my head. “Nothing.”

“Zade…what you just said wasn’t nothing.” She forced me to look at her. “You
love me?”

“Yeah. I didn’t know when else to say it, and since things can’t get any worse
than they already are, it—” I stopped. Noelle’s blue eyes were unreadable.
“What?”

A small smile spread across her lips. “Nothing.”

“Noelle, come on.”

“It’s nothing, really.”

“Noe…”

She rolled her eyes. “What do you think?”

“I don’t know what to think anymore.”

I looked into her eyes and saw her staring back. My gaze dropped to her lips
and made their way back to her eyes.

“Guys, if you’re going to make out, do it in the damn bedroom, not on my damn
couch,” Izzy said flatly.

Noelle raised her eyebrows. “Well?”

“Well what?” I asked.

“You are so clueless,” she sighed. “Izzy, did you really have to ruin it?”

“Sorry. Seriously, though. You guys need to fucking DTR right fucking now or
my damn head is going to fucking explode. I’m going out and I’m taking Tate
with me. Now DTR!” I heard Izzy’s footsteps but didn’t look away from Noelle.

“DTR?”

Noe laughed. “It means ‘define the relationship.’”

“We’re in a relationship?”

“That’s what we have to decide, dummy.” Noelle’s smile glittered. “So?”

“BYE!” Izzy’s voice called as a door closed. We were alone now.

“So what are we?” I asked.

“What do you think? If what you want isn’t clear, then we’re nothing. It
should be easy to decide.” Noelle shrugged. “It’s easy for me.”

Because I was tired of Izzy’s interruptions, I leaned over and kissed Noelle.
Her lips were just as soft as I’d imagined. She moaned and pulled me closer.

I picked her up, never breaking from her lips, and carried her upstairs to her
bedroom. Once I shut the door behind me, I gently tossed her onto the bed. My
eyes trailed up and down her body. I knew what I was doing this time, and I
knew I loved this girl. She would be mine and no one else’s. I’d already sent
her through hell, and I was going to bring her back. She didn’t deserve what
I’d done to her before. I was going to make up for it.

* * *

Noelle’s POV

I saw lust burn in Zade’s eyes, but more importantly, I saw love. He really
did love me; I could tell. He’d sent me through hell but he’d already brought
me back. I knew that I didn’t want to get revenge anymore.

We’d just DTR-ed.

“I love you,” I breathed when Zade slid off my hot skin and draped his arm
around my waist. He smiled.

“I love you too.”

“Izzy’s gonna be happy,” I mumbled. Zade laughed.

“That’s a definite.” He paused and I could tell something was wrong. “How did
Chase find you?”

“I don’t know but I don’t think he’s going to bother me again,” I replied.

“You sure?”

I wanted to say yes, but instead, I told him the truth. No more lying. “I’m
almost positive, but there’s always a chance he will.”

Zade nodded and kissed my lips softly. I loved this side of him, the gentle,
kind, caring Zade, not the one he pretended to be around his friends.

“Well, if he ever does come here again, I’ll make sure he stays away from
you.”

“Thanks.” I snuggled closer to him and closed my eyes. I was safe here, in
Zade’s arms, and he would protect me from any form of hell that dared to pull
me under.

I’d already been to hell and back alone. I wasn’t going to do it again.

