### Blood pressure 4 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2014-10-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The hot swimming lesson between the sexy mentor Gabriel and our strong headed agent Lily... 

* * *

After a long day and a long night sleeping, I wake up at 5am. I didn’t eat
anything during the last 24 hours and yet, I still can’t swallow anything. The
anticipation of seeing Gabriel again or the mystery around the weird note I
found yesterday? I haven’t decided yet what was disturbing me the most. But I
need to think of what’s coming now: My appointment with shame. So I prepare
myself taking all my time…

I brush my teeth, prepare a light bag with changing clothes and hurry to the
basins. The Agency has an extensive training complex. But to recreate the
field situations, we train as much as we can outside in natural environment.
Thus, instead of having swimming classes in nicely heated swimming pools, the
training takes place in the natural lakes of the island. These are identified
according to their size. The basin n°4 has a circumference of about 2km for a
depth of from 1 to 15m. But the good point is that it’s a hot water spring. So
even if we’re in the middle of winter, water should be at about 20°c. Still
way too cold for me but so much better than the 6°c that I experienced in
Seattle.

When I arrive at 6.30am, Gabriel is already there swimming. As I stare at his
perfect body in action, I can’t help biting my lips. Will I ever get use to
him? His wet hair seems even darker in the dawn but his eyes shine in the
darkness

\- Enjoying the show Angel?

\- Don’t brag yourself…

Even if he can.

\- I’m here like promised. So what now?

\- Put on your swim suit or come naked, you know I don’t mind, he says with a
grin.

I take off my clothes in what I think is a sexy way to finally reveal my very
unsexy one piece black swimsuit.

\- What? Disappointed? I say mocking when I see him staring at me in a strange
way.

\- Not at all Angel, he finally replies smiling with a soft voice while
swimming toward me. OK let’s begin. Start by floating.

No need to say I am not comfortable with this idea. Even if the place where we
are is probably not deeper than 1meter, the sensation that water procures me
is just suffocating.

\- Come on, don’t be scared, I’m here, he says because he sees that I’m not
moving.

\- You’re not gonna push me under the surface or something like that, right? I
try more to gain some time than to actually get an answer

\- Have I ever done something like that?

\- There’s a first time to everything…

\- And it’s gonna be my first time doing that if you don’t lie on your back in
the next 2 seconds.

So I don’t wait any longer and lie on the surface. My breathing is
accelerating and even if I can feel I’m floating, I still have trouble
controlling myself. He comes closer – great, now my heart has another reason
to panic – his chest out of the water.

\- Close your eyes, he says smoothly.

\- Never! I almost shout panicking. I’ve already got troubles not moving, I
won’t handle to close my eyes especially if you’re so close.

\- You don’t trust me Angel?

His voice is amused. Like it was obvious I could trust him with my life.

\- You know I do, I reply not too sure. But you also know I don’t trust
anybody when it comes to water.

He seems hurt and repeats softly but firmly:

\- Close your eyes.

Against my will, I do so.

Now I can feel his hand resting on my belly.

\- Breathe.

His voice is just a whisper. This simple physical contact is enough to make me
go crazy. Slowly, his hand goes up to my chest and finally rest on my heart.
My heart is racing and to know that he can feel it makes it worst. I just want
to break this peaceful silence and to jump on him, kiss him until we can’t
breathe anymore and…

I try not to think about it. I need to calm down. I’m on the edge of losing
it. Does he realize the effect he has on me? Does he realize that what scares
me more than water is to be in his presence? But after a few minutes, I
finally breathe almost normally again. My breath is deep and I almost feel
relaxed when I sense his hand slipping slowly from my chest to my back. And
just as slowly, I can feel myself moving on the surface. In a very smooth way,
he’s taking us away from my “comfort zone” to the center of the lake, where
it’s obviously way deeper.

\- Keep your eyes closed.

But my heartbeat accelerates again. I’m trying everything to keep controlling
myself. Then I feel him leaving me and disappearing under the surface. That’s
the worst part. The anticipation part. I don’t know what’s going to happen but
I know he might take me with him under the water any time now and I need to be
ready. I know it’s a test. The silence is deafening though. Sun hasn’t rose
yet and the black water is not relaxing me at all. One minute passes. I’m
trying to stay calm. I’m trying not to think of everything that lives under me
in these dark depths. It’s been two minutes now that he disappeared. What the
hell is he doing? Three minutes.

I can’t stand it anymore. I open my eyes and start looking for him. I put
myself into a vertical position and start turning on myself to search him. But
I realize that everything is so dark around me. I can’t even see the beach. I
spot him nowhere. Worse, I didn’t hear him coming back to the surface. This
bloody silence is killing me. I only need a few seconds to take a decision.
Fuck it if I fail at his damn exercise. I can’t take the risk to let him
drown. I have no idea where he is but the worst scenario is already on my
mind: Something is holding him back under the surface.

Before diving, I take a deep breath and force myself to remain calm no matter
what happens. I can’t see anything. Everything is darkness and I can’t discern
a single thing. So I close my eyes and focus on eventual noise or moves.In the
distance I hear a muffled sound. Bingo. I knew something was wrong. I swim
toward the noise while focusing on water streams on my skin. A few seconds
later, I open my eyes and spot a darker mass. I rush over it and see Gabriel
unconscious.

Nothing is around him and he doesn’t look injured either. I pass my arm around
his chest and swim back to the surface as fast as I can. Please please please,
stay alive. Stay alive or I’ll kill you! My friend panic is not far away but I
don’t want to see him yet. First, I want to make sure Gabriel is OK. When we
finally reach the surface, I do my best to swim as fast as I can to the beach.
I lie him down on the black sand and as he doesn’t react, this time, I start
giving in to panic.

\- Come on, wake up! For God Sake if you die now, I’ll never forgive you!!!

I yell, shake him and even try a cardiac massage.

Then I see his lips curving slightly into an amused smile. I stop straight
away, wondering what’s going on. Then, when he finally opens his eyes, fully
awake, I understand how dumb I’ve been.

\- You Son of a…! How could you!!!

I hit him with the little strength I have left and rage tears began to flow
down my red cheeks. He starts laughing loudly and then catches my wrists, put
me on my back while he positions himself on top of me, blocking me. I try to
fight and keep insulting him at the same time but his laugh is louder than me.

\- Calm down! It was part of the exercise!

\- But what exercise? If I did listen to you and stay stupidly lying on the
surface, you would have drowned just for your fucking stupid exercise??

\- I knew you were not gonna listen to me… You never do Angel, he says calming
down with a sweet innocent smile.

\- It’s not a reason! I thought you were dead you idiot!

\- The objective was that you dive and use your senses to find me. And by
focusing on your fear of losing me, you forgot your fear of water for 10
minutes. Congratulation, you passed the test!

\- I don’t give a fuck about your damn test! You could have just explained me
all of that! And you didn’t need to put yourself in danger! What if I couldn’t
have saved you?!

\- But you did.

His expression is becoming more serious. And even if I stopped fighting, he’s
not losing his grip over me. I can’t say anything. Now that the pressure is
gone, I just feel like crying. I thought I lost him and just the idea was
unbearable. But how could I admit that? He’s my mentor. He trained me like
some kind of soldier and his way of always calling me Angel is just his way to
remind me than compared to him, I’m still a troubled teenage that can’t be
taken seriously.

But I refuse to cry. Everything’s fine and there’s no reason why I should
prove him that I need to be pampered. So I glare at him instead. Anger is my
best answer to hide what I feel. Far from being shaken, he starts smiling
again like he won some kind of victory. He looks deep into my eyes and comes
closer and closer… So close I can smell his mint breath. I close my eyes
because maybe…

\- My dear dear Angel… Did you forget it was a rescuing lesson?

I re-open my eyes shocked and so pissed off at him. I was waiting for my first
kiss with him and all I could see was his damn sexy smile saying “not this
time baby”. I kick him in the balls making him roll over in a dying lament.

\- Hum… Do we interrupt something?

The first agents of the class just arrived and they found us lying on top of
each other. The situation is indeed confusing. In no time, Gabriel gets up,
helps me get back on my feet and goes greet others.

\- I was just giving a private class to Lily. Since she’s gonna play the model
this morning, she won’t be able to train properly.

The group is quickly complete and I can see Jake, Paul, Dale and Izzy among
others. Ethan arrives as promised just before the class begins to greet
everyone and congratulate Jake and Izzy for the success of our mission.

\- I’ll let you now with Gabriel… Even if some of you obviously already know
how to rescue people in water! He says while he winks at Jake

The lesson starts and I play my stupid victim role to the perfection. As
always. Frankly speaking, I’m still shocked about what just happened. Man, he
was going to kiss me! I’m sure about that. But why on earth did he change his
mind at last minute?! This stupid fucking bloody Son of a… And while I’m
thinking how I could get my revenge, he makes me turn like a doll to show the
agents strategic places where catching victims and sensitive zones to avoid.
Then we do a practice test where I’m supposed to drown. Easy in my case. He
takes me back on the beach and while he swims for both of us, I tell him very
calm.

\- You’re gonna pay me that.

\- Pay you what Angel? He’s puffing but I still can hear his smile.

\- You know what.

\- The fake death? Or the fake kiss?

So I wasn’t crazy! He was about to kiss me!

\- Why did you stop?

But we’re already arriving at the beach. God he swims fast.

\- Neither the time nor the place to explain Angel.

I’m frustrated but he’s right.

He then shows on me gestures to adopt in case of unconscious victims. People
are starting to practice among themselves. I watch them when Gabriel comes to
me and says softly:

\- You can go if you want. I think you’ve had enough emotions for today…

Without answering, I turn and leave but he grabs my arm and says with a grin:

\- And Angel? You’re hot when you’re angry.

I’m gonna kill this moron one day.

Thank you so much for reading and for your nice messages! Don't hesitate to
send feedback to let me know what you think! :)

Again, sorry for the mistakes, English is not my mother tongue ;) See you soon
for chapter 5! Lily will discover that Ethan has other plans for her... xx

