### Ka�Mili Grayson�s �The Electric Storm� by kamigrayson

**Date Added:** 2014-10-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A freakish storm brings two couples together in romance. 

* * *

Ka’Mili Grayson’s “The Electric Storm”  
  
  
Television broadcast announcer: The President asks that everyone stay indoors!
Again! Please Stay Indoors! The freakish storms are building electric currents
at random and are striking people down in their tracks, causing fires all over
the city. If you have access to an underground shelter we ask that you go
there at this time. If you are traveling trying to leave the city please be
very careful. I have reports that several bridges leaving the city have been
shut down by lightning strikes and or washed away by high winds and rain.
Proceed with caution. (Man hands the announcer a piece of paper.) “Oh my God
are you sure this is right? I’m sorry Ladies and Gentlemen but I was just
informed that these storms are appearing all over the world. There is no place
to run to… Get to your loved ones… If you are religious pray because only God
can help us now. This will be our final broadcast. Please be strong. I am
Alicia Winchester for KNON News signing off. God's Speed…" Signal buzzes……  
  
Camera Man: “What are we supposed to do Alicia?” Alicia looks at the Camera
Man. “Just what I just told America to do. Get to safety.” Everyone in the
studio runs scared around the studio in a panic. People began to scream and
Alicia is making her way to the parking lot frantically trying to call her
sister. “Allison please pick up the phone!” She leaves a message… “Allison
it’s me again. Please call me if you can, I am heading to the cabin please
meet me there if you can. I hope that you are okay. I don’t know what else to
do, I will wait for you there. Allison be safe I love you.” Alicia gets into
her car and takes off.  
  
On the road: Alicia see’s cars, buildings, telephone poles and trees struck by
the lighting and hundreds of people dead, wounded or stranded. She’s now
wondering should she pull off of the main roads and take the back road leading
to the woods. She has heard how the mobs are forming in panic taking the
running cars. She spots a crowd of people just ahead on the road… “Oh no… I am
not going through this shit like on those damn Sy-Fy movies, I am going to get
off of this road and out of here!” Alicia makes a quick right turn. The crowd
spots her and starts chasing the car. Alicia punches the gas. The car spins
off and burns rubber.  
  
Allison: Waking up coughing… Miata flipped over in a field near the road
leading out of town. “Help me! Please somebody please help me.” Allison thinks
back to how she got to this point… At the gas station pumping gas. Come on…
Come on… Dialing her sister Alicia. “Lisha, I am trying to call you back, if
you get this message I am just letting you know that I have received your
message and I am heading for the cabin too. My cell has only one bar left…Be
safe Sister, I love you too.” Allison gets into her car. Her eyes are filled
with tears worried about her sister. She heads out of town. The electric
storms draw terror to the town. It strikes Allison’s car killing her engine.
she's on a hill. the car continues to roll downwards out of control, her
breaks give out and all she can do is try to steer the car off of the road.
She loses control of the car. The car flips over. Allison continues to yell
for help.  
  
Help arrives: Walking down the road with a backpack on his back and a rain
coat on… Ryan is trying to find a place out of the storm. He stops looking
around, he hears Allison’s cries very faint in the distance. He also spots an
abandoned house at the end of the hill. He runs to the car… “I hear you! I
hear you! I’m coming!” He runs over to the turned over Miata. He struggles
pulling the door open. “The door is stuck I have to break the window. Turn
your head and close your eyes.” She shakes her head signaling that she
understands. He breaks the glass. Allison, still crying… “Thank God you’re
here! My seat belt is stuck and I smell gas… How did you hear me over the
storm?” Ryan replies. “One question at a time… First let’s get you out of
here!” Her right leg is stuck under the dash of the small car. He pulls out a
switch blade, cuts the seatbelt freeing Allison from the car. The storm seems
to grow angrier. Ryan yells to Allison. “There is a house at the foot of the
hill we can seek shelter there for the time being.”  
  
He helps Allison to the abandoned house… “Hello!” Ryan Rapping on the door.
Allison yells. “Hello we are entering your home now please don’t shoot us.”
Ryan looks at her and says. “Really? Lady, there is no one here.” Allison
say’s, “Well I’m just making sure.” Ryan searches for a way into the house.
Allison screams! “Mr. What are you looking for? Can’t you just bash the
phreaking door in?” Ryan yells at her. “I’m looking for a key! Most people
around here leave a key under a rock or over the ledge.” Allison looks over at
the swaying mail box. “How about in the mail box?” She walks over to the mail
box and swings it upside down. The key drops into her hand. She looks at Ryan
with a smirk on her face and smiles. Ryan smiles back at her. They opened the
door and walked in. The storm continues to rage. Allison looks at Ryan. “I
will look around for some candles.” Ryan replies. “Great idea! I will look to
see if there is a basement. We are still not safe, the lighting can still
strike the house.” Allison smiles and points to him. “Now that is an even
better idea.”  
  
  
Back road: Alicia is riding along, the winds are gusting and the electrical
storm is still brewing. And Alicia is thinking back on how this disaster
began. She thinks about her true love Joshua Price.  
  
Two weeks ago Joshua surprises Alicia by taking her to a small lake that is
filled with Tundra swan and Canada geese. They sit in silence for a while,
admiring the beauty and splendor of nature. Alicia feeds some of them bread,
and the moment is only ended by the sound of thunder in the distance. Although
Joshua paddles quickly, they are unable to beat the rain back to Joshua's
house, and by the time they arrive, they are soaked. Alicia puts on some of
Joshua's clothes.  
  
Alicia watches Joshua stoke the fire. They share a drink in front of the
warmth, rekindling the logs as well as their love. Joshua admits to Alicia.
“Alicia, I have a confession to make.” She interrupts him. “Really? What is
that? Let me guess. You are really a millionaire, I don’t ever have to work
another day in my life?” She smiles at him. He grabs her and admits… “No love.
Did you know that you were my first love as well as my first lover? Really I
did not know that, you never told me. Why? And why are you telling me this
now? Joshua tells her it’s because I have a feeling things will be changing
soon. There is something in the air. I can always feel when something is wrong
and although I hate to admit it I am never wrong. And this feeling scares me.
Enough of that, come on I know you have a confession to make to me too. Now
what is it?”  
  
Alicia admits that she does have a secret. “Okay… I wrote you letters in
college but never mailed them.” Joshua asks "why did you not mail them to me?”
Alicia tells him. “Because… Because I was afraid.” Joshua replies “Afraid?
Why?” She goes on to tell him. “I loved you so much and I was not sure that
you felt the same way. So I let faith take its course and allowed whatever
happens to happen.” He looks deep into her eyes. “Alicia I love you so very
much.” After his profession of love, Alicia tells Joshua that she has never
physically been with another man. While they are discussing their past, Joshua
simply states, "I wish you could have read the letters I wrote you." After a
few more memories, they succumb to their passion, to their love.  
  
Joshua and Alicia spend the day together, making love, and rediscovering each
other all over again. Fourteen years ago, when they were saying their
goodbyes, Joshua slipped Alicia a note containing the words, "our souls are
connected." He also mentioned finding each other again. At the time, neither
of them could have imagined a reunion as perfect as this.  
  
  
Back at the house: Allison day dreaming in the fire. “You know lighting is
both beauty and violence. Did you know that a swan is also a highly symbolic
animal? Often swans are associated with divine inspiration, as well as beauty
and creativity. According to legend, swans also mate for life.” Ryan clears
his throat. “That was a random thought?” The She looks at him and smiles. Do
you know that I don’t even know the name of the man that saved my life?” Ryan
extends his hand out to her. “I am Ryan Johnson at your service madam.” She
smiles and extends her arm out to him. “Your damsel in distress is Allison
Colman. And thank you for saving me.” He kisses her hand. “It was my pleasure
Me Lady.” She blushes.  
  
They both sit near the fireplace eating from can a single can of beans Ryan
found up stairs. Allison starts the conversation to get them out of the
acquired moment. “So what are your dislikes?” Ryan looks shocked. “Wow no one
has ever asked me that before. Not much, I am a simple man. I dislike liars,
Cheaters and women who wear high heels and their toes hang to the floor.” She
laughs. “I hate that too. What else?” “Well I hate for people to mistreat
animals and I hate people who think that they are better than everyone else.”
She looks into his eyes. “I understand what you’re saying.” He asks her. “Now
tell me what you were saying earlier about the storm.” She rests her head on
his shoulder.  
“I was saying earlier. Although storms are violently powerful, they have
always seemed so romantic to me.” Ryan looks at her… “Really? Me too. He moves
towards her. Allison wants to initiate and act on the romantic moment. But she
hesitates. “I’m sorry. I have a twin sister and I am so worried about her and
I know that she is probably worried about me too.” Ryan tells her to come and
sit next to him. He bandages her leg. After an honest sharing of emotions,
Allison is both willing and able to consummate their passion that has built up
over the last few hours. The emotional connection precedes to the physical.
Ryan tells her. “Allison. It is very important for it demonstrate our feelings
they are not just a sexual attraction and sexual compatibility that we have.
Remember when you were in the car? I heard your cries over the storm. I can’t
explain how I heard it but it was more like I felt you needing me.” The couple
starts making love, expressing physically the deep emotional and spiritual
connection that they now share.  
  
Ryan tells Allison, "You are the answer to every prayer I've offered . . . I
don't know how I could have lived without you for as long as I have. I love
you, Allison . . . I always will." His words leave Allison speechless.

