### Blood pressure 5 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2014-11-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** \- Ethan� You know I can�t� \- You never liked this place, he cuts me off with a compassionate smile, I know. But I can�t take the risk to lose you just because I don�t like saying no to you. \- How long? I finally say after a long silence. \- Be a good girl and I�ll let you go� Or not, he adds with a wink. 

* * *

After I quickly showered at my place, I put on black pants and a tight black
leather jacket. And I know exactly what I need to do now. But as soon as I get
out, I hear a feminine – an annoying feminine – voice calling me.

\- Lily! There you are!

\- Mrs. Ogden… I say with a fake smile while locking my door. Sorry but I
can’t really talk. Jake is waiting for me for our training.

I start walking toward the cafeteria but she doesn’t let go and follows me
like a puppy.

\- But Lily, this is important! Haven’t you received my note yesterday?

I stop for a second and turn slowly to her.

\- It would have been hard to miss it, I reply acid. By the way, how did you
manage to break into my place? Don’t you know it’s forbidden? Not to mention
impolite as well… I say as I start walking fast again.

\- I didn’t come into your flat my Dear. I tucked the note between the wall
and the door so that it would have fall when you opened the door.

If she says the truth – and I’ not sure she does – somebody else broke into
the place. Somebody not very smart or really distracted obviously.

\- If you say so… Anyway, I’m sure our little talk can wait, like I said, Jake
is waiting…

\- Lily, that’s enough! You need to come with me and right now!

She’s pissed off – clearly. But thank God, we just arrived and I can see Jake
surrounded by 3 cute new agents – a blond, a brunette and a red hair: How
convenient. I stop and turn to Ogden.

\- Look Mrs.-I’m-the-luckiest-person-in-the-world, right now, I can’t. Got it?
So take a deep breath, go have a walk and leave me alone. I’ll come when I
finish my practice.

She opens her mouth as if she wanted to scream her frustration but no sound
comes out of her. So before she can think of something, I leave her at the
entrance and walk toward my agent.

\- Come on Jake! Seriously? Sorry Ladies, this guy has to practice with his
mentor and if you’re lucky, he’ll be back in one piece for lunch, I say with a
smile that doesn’t reach my eyes.

\- Hi Babe! May I introduce you to…

\- Nice to meet you girls!

I grab him at the same time by the collar and drag him out of the cafeteria.
He’s protesting – of course – but when we’re finally out, I let go of him and
look at him straight.

\- Hey Lil’! What the…

\- Don’t use the F word with me kid (I know I’m swearing way too much to hope
that he takes me seriously on this one). Look, I don’t really care you’re
dating different chicks every night but think about it: This is a small island
and we’re a small team. So when you’ll have screwed the entire Agency and
leave broken hearts all over the place, who’s gonna want to work with you,
protect you, save you or simply talk to you?

He smiles. I tell him off and the guy smiles! I’m sure all he heard is “you’ll
screw the entire Agency”.

\- Who is it this time? He says almost laughing.

\- Excuse me?

Where the fuck is he going like this?

\- Usually, when you’re in this state, it’s either because of Ethan or
Gabriel. I would bet on Ethan this time though.

I can’t believe what I’m hearing. Am I really that obvious? I guess I am.

\- Why is that?

\- Well because I saw him going out of your flat yesterday…

\- What?!

I can’t believe it.

\- That’s OK Babe! You don’t have to be ashamed of it. After all, he’s the big
boss, pretty handsome and most girls would kill you to steal your place…

\- Wait wait wait… What do you mean by “going out of my flat”?

\- Don’t play the innocent… That’s ok you know. Really. Your secret is safe
with me. But then, don’t come and give me lessons about broken hearts, he says
with a wink.

It takes me a minute to process the news. Why on earth would he do something
like that?

\- Come on, let’s go, I finally say to change the subject.

I take him through the training complex, past the hospital and we finally
arrive to _my_ place: The racing track. We go upstairs to enter the office
above the track from where John is supervising the 6 cars already racing.

\- Hi John! I say, smiling frankly for the first time since I left Gabriel.

John is about 60 years old. He’s always grumpy but has a good heart. He’s also
the best mechanical technician of the continent. He takes care of each car and
motorcycle that arrives on the island and teaches agents how to control
vehicles and speed in general. He taught me everything and I know.

\- Hey Kids, what are you doing here? You’re not on the planning! He says
without even glancing at us.

He’s too focused with the race that is taking place.

\- Don’t worry, we’re not racing cars today.

\- We’re not? Asks Jake completely lost.

Speed is not really his thing. But if I have to work on my weaknesses, so does
he.

\- Nop, I say with a grin while handling him a white helmet and a blue leather
jacket. Today, I’m teaching you how to drive a motorbike.

I intimate him to follow me downstairs to the garage that gives to the race
track.

\- I already know how to drive! I have my driving license!

It’s my turn to smile. He’s totally freaked out.

\- Well then, let’s just say I’m gonna teach how to drive _properly_ a
motorbike… Choose your weapon, I say while gesturing towards our impressive
collection of motorcycles.

He chooses a blue Yamaha YZF R1 and I take one of my favorites: a black Ducati
Streetfighter 848. We start the engines, and position ourselves while the
garage is getting up.

\- I want you to win the race. Motorbikes are faster than cars, it shouldn’t
be too hard.

\- But Lil’, that’s crazy! They already did something like 5 laps!

\- So?

And before he can answer, I engage on the road. Speed. Finally I can feel the
sensation of control. Gabriel, Ogden, Ethan. Everything is forgotten for a
moment. Danger. Adrenaline. Freedom. That’s all I can think of. And I’m
jubilating.

\- What the hell do you think you’re doing here???

It’s John’s voice. Our helmets are all linked. Which means now everyone on the
track can hear us and be heard. John in the control tower is included.

\- Hey! We’ve got some new competitors! Says Izzy’s voice. I’m the yellow car
just so you know.

\- Seriously guys, this is a car racing! Get the hell out of here.

I recognize Paul.

\- Let me guess, says Jake – I can hear the smile in his voice, you’re the
last one Paul? Red car?

\- I’ve got something to make it up to you all… I say.

And I activate the vocal command of my helmet. Now Seven Nation Army from the
White Stripes is diffused in each of our helmets as well as on our racing
track – John is crazy.

\- Yeah!!!! Well done Lil’! Shouts Izzy.

And the race properly starts for Jake and me. In just a few minutes, we caught
up Paul. Only five more to go. I start by opening the road for Jake and he
follows me as much as he can. But soon, I let him pass me to make him
understand it’s his turn to show me what he can do. He’s fast and I’m so proud
of him. We only have 1 more car to go when I hear Ethan’s voice in my helmet

\- What’s happening here??

\- Lily is happening! Says John pissed off.

\- Lily, stop that right now! You know it’s strictly forbidden to interfere in
cars’ racing!

\- Funny how rules can be broken, don’t you think? I reply as I make allusion
to him penetrating my apartment illegally.

\- Yay! I won! Screams Izzy

\- And I’m second, says Jake disappointed.

In just a few seconds, all the cars pass the finish line and go park in the
garage. I’m the only one left on the track. I passed the finish line just
after Jake but instead of stopping, I kept going.

\- Lily, this is ridiculous, get off the track, we need to talk!

\- I tried that earlier but she simply wouldn’t listen to me…

\- How interesting! I laugh. Mrs. Ogden is with us too! How is it going in the
office? A bit crowded no?

\- John left when the last car parked. Lily, you know I can see your speed
right? Why do you keep accelerating?!

\- Because I want you to tell me what the hell you were doing at my place
yesterday.

My blood is boiling. I keep speeding and I’m curious to discover the limit of
my bike.

\- Ethan! Do something! She’s driving way too fast! She can’t die now!
Whispers Ogden kind of off the record.

\- I don’t know what you’re talking about.

\- Then explain why Jake saw you getting out of my flat when obviously, I
wasn’t there!

\- Jake?! This brat… Look, I’ll tell you everything but you have to stop
before.

\- Not enough boss…

\- LILY!

\- I’m waiting.

I’m at 260km/H. And if I crash now, I’ll probably die under the shock.

\- For God’s Sake! I was hoping to find you to discuss a delicate matter! Now,
get your ass off this fucking racetrack before I come down and get you myself!

I slow down a bit but am not stopping yet.

\- Lily? This is Cassandra here. Cassandra Ogden. What Ethan is trying to say
is that you’re going to assist me with my work from now on.

\- WHAT? I shout on the microphone.

\- You heard, says Ethan too calm for the situation. You’re staying at the
base.

I stop the motorbike in a controlled skid and look straight into the windows
of the office where I can see them.

\- You’ve got to be kidding, I say laughing nervously.

\- You need to rest…

\- Ethan. I’ve been working on the Brazilians mission for months and the
departure is planned for the day after tomorrow!

Now I’m pissed off.

\- You’ve also been working for months toward the liberation of Cassandra.
You’re simply going to pursue with her from now on…

\- What’s going on? Are you out of your mind?! Dale was in charge of her
mission, I wasn’t. But I am in charge for the Brazil! So again, what’s going
on?!

He’s about to say something but he gives a look at Cassandra and he finally
keeps going.

\- You need some rest Lily…

\- Bullshit! Tell me the truth for fuck’s sake!

\- The truth is that you’ve been on more than 30 missions in 6 months. It’s
more than one per week and it’s twice the limit for an agent! You barely come
home that you’re already gone! Nobody is that much on the field and you’re on
the edge. You don’t sleep enough, you got way too skinny and even if you’re
one of my best agents, you’re still human!

He’s standing up now with his two hands on the table and is clearly irritated.

\- You’ve trained Jake with endurance but you took him so much on the field
with you the kid didn’t even have time to find his specialty!

Every agent has a specialty. Mine is speed. Jake takes time indeed to find his
but the advantage is that he’s excelling in more areas than most agents.

\- Did I screw up something because I was tired?

\- You know I’m not gonna wait it happens to prove you I’m right.

I keep silent. I can’t believe what’s happening. I’ve always loved to be on
the field and to think I’m going to be stuck here is kind of making me
uncomfortable. I can see Ogden leaving the office apparently satisfied with
herself.

\- Ethan… You know I can’t…

\- You never liked this place, he cuts me off with a compassionate smile, I
know. But I can’t take the risk to lose you just because I don’t like saying
no to you.

\- How long? I finally say after a long silence.

\- Be a good girl and I’ll let you go… Or not, he adds with a wink.

Thank you guys for reading!!! And thanks for the great comments I received :)
Hope my english mistakes don't bug too much... I'm doing my best! See you soon
for chapter 6!

xxx

The French Frog

