### A Peasant from Terrace View 4 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-01-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Sorry for the delay! The sequel of Layla and Aaron's romance continues... 

* * *

**Part 4**

**Please read Rulers of Terrace View first!! Thank you very much for all the support! Please continue leaving feedback if you are enjoying the story or if you have any criticism/suggestions/questions. Thank you for reading!**

**Please make me as a favorite!**

I regain consciousness to a pounding head. It’s dark and I’m lying in a very
comfortable bed. I groan, and raise my hand up to my forehead. I realize
there’s a damp cloth on it.

“Oh, you’re awake,” I hear. It’s a young female voice that I don’t recognize.
“How do you feel?” I open my eyes and look over at a teenage girl.

“My head is pounding,” I say, my voice barely louder than a whisper.

“I’ll get you pain medication, and Mr. Jeffers,” she says happily, and bounds
out of the room before I can protest. I groan. Not him. I’ll be helpless. But
then again, I’ve always been at his mercy regardless. I try to fall asleep
again before she returns, but I’m still awake when the door opens again. I
look over to see the girl and Aaron, leaning on crutches. His leg is wrapped
now and he enters slowly. They approach the bed and I sit up, but wince. My
head is still pounding hard.

“Take it easy,” Aaron says and lowers himself into a chair next to the bed and
puts his crutches on the floor. The girl gives me meds and a glass of water. I
swallow them immediately. “Thank you, Carly,” he says with a nod. “You can
wait in the hallway.” She smiles at him and I recognize the look in her eye.
It’s hard to be immune to Aaron Jeffers. He’s extremely attractive, talented,
rich and kind.

“You should elevate that,” I say quietly, looking at his bandaged leg. He
carefully raises his leg and puts it on the bed. He winces.

“So you think maybe you can stay longer?” he asks, getting right to the point.
I open my mouth to say no but he cuts me off. “Brownie is taken care of, I’m
paying your landlord to feed him. So at least stay for another day, I’m
already paying for it.” Aaron shoots me a gorgeous smile and I’ve lost words.
So instead I nod. _Why are you nodding?! _I’m screaming at myself in my head,
which makes it pound more.

“Okay,” I say. _What? What?! _I’m rewarded with an excited, happy smile. It
makes me want to jump him and never deny him anything ever again.

“Great. How’s your head?”

“It’s okay. How do you feel?” I ask.

“I’m better, now.” Oh good Lord, he’s so charming. “Would you like to take a
shower?” At the thought of taking a shower or bath I immediately blush. I have
to keep myself from saying ‘only if you take one with me.”

“Yeah, I would,” I say with a smile. “I didn’t bring any extra clothes
though.” He smiles. If this guy doesn’t stop smiling I am _going_ to jump him
uncontrollably.

“I thought that might be a problem, so I asked Elaina for some of the clothes
she doesn’t wear anymore. She gave me this,” he says, holding his hand out,
motioning to a corner of the room. I look over and there is a pile of clothes
almost tall as me. My mouth falls open and I finally manage a laugh.

“That’s more clothes than I’ve ever seen!” I say, still laughing. Aaron laughs
with me.

“I know, me too.”

We look at each other for a moment, laughing a little. My heart flutters.
_Stop it! Stop! _I freak out momentarily. What am I doing? He’s in a committed
relationship. I can’t ruin it for him. I won’t ruin any chance of happiness
for him.

“Well, thank you for asking her. I will thank her for the clothes when I see
her,” I say. “I should…” I look towards the bathroom door, which is cracked
open a little.

“Right, right of course,” he says and pushes himself out of the chair. He
looks down at his crutches on the floor, balancing on his left, healthy, leg.

I lean over immediately and pick up his crutches for him. But putting my head
in that position makes it hurt more. I wince while I’m picking up the
crutches, but when I face up to Aaron, I make sure my face is blank. He can’t
know it hurt me. He smiles and me and takes the crutches gratefully.

“Thank you,” he says with a smile. I turn into a puddle again. _Oh Lord._ I
don’t know how long I can keep myself off of this guy. I knew him before
_that_ bitch.

I shake my head a little, trying to force such ugly thoughts from my head. He
is with her for a reason, I tell myself while he limps towards the door.

“Oh,” he says, looking back at me, “dinner will be ready in about an hour.”

“Thanks,” I say with a smile as he nods and limps out into the hallways. I
throw back the plush comforter and shuffle to the bathroom as Carly re-enters
the room.

“Mr. Jeffers asked me come back in,” she explains as I look over at her.

“Yes…” I say, trying to sound confident. “I want you to go through the clothes
and choose the most comfortable-looking outfit.”

“Yes ma’am,” she says. I remember being her. I remember being Carly- so afraid
to make a mistake. I was so afraid to blunder in Aaron’s presence, I would do
anything. And Carly seems so damn eager too.

I want to tell her that she is too late, and that she is too good. Aaron
Jeffers and the other rich, attractive men will go for stunning supermodels
that don’t know a day of work in their entire lives. They always pass up the
hard-working, pretty girl next door. I want to instill her with all the
knowledge I have received, in the betrayal, in the suffering I have endured.
But instead, I smile and nod at her and retreat into the bathroom.

I turn on the shower and try not to think of Aaron. Think of Max. Think of
Mom, of Dad, of my deceased Cookie. Think of anyone and anything but Aaron
Isaac Jeffers. The bathroom fogs up with steam from the hot water spouting
from the shower head. It gets hot so fast- especially in comparison to my
apartment, which usually takes at least 15 minutes for the hot water to kick
in. I de-robe quickly and step into the shower.

It’s so warm and comforting that I forget where I am for a minute. For a
little while, I am back in my house… with my parents and my little brother and
my dead cat. I am in the life with my old best friend and my ex-boyfriend from
so many years ago. I am a girl that just moved to this town, nervous but eager
to begin work for the Jeffers family.

But I open my eyes again and everything is so white- too white. And too clean
and too nice. I am not in my old life. I am not 15 again. I am 24. And I have
absolutely nothing to show for it.

I try to push this fact out of my head as I clean myself thoroughly, scrub
myself clean (or at least try). There is already shampoo and conditioner and
soap in the bathroom. I take my time to clean myself in the shower, trying to
extend my time alone as much as possible. No one can bother me in the shower.
No one can make me feel hopeless or needy or shameful or ugly while I am
bathing.

But after a good thirty minutes, I have to turn off the soothing hot water and
step out again. I grab a clean, fluffy towel and dry myself. And when I step
back out into the room, no one is there. I am so thankful, I almost cry. But
there is an outfit laying out on the bed. It’s a button-up dress with a tank-
top and cloth belt. It looks so comfortable and I’m so thankful for Carly. I
get dressed and tease my hair. I almost look presentable. I stare at myself in
the mirror in the bathroom, trying not to think about all the disappointment
I’ve caused.

Instead, I leave the room, tentatively. I look up and down the hallway before
proceeding. I pad down the hallway in the fuzzy slippers I found waiting for
me in the room. They’re Dornale slippers, very expensive and very comfortable.
When I find my way downstairs, I find the dining room easily. I can almost
remember this place flawlessly. Elaina and her surprisingly handsome hubby are
already seated at the table. Aaron’s beautiful girlfriend is also present-
arguing with Elaina.

To the right of the head of the table, the place-setting is not set. The chair
is turned. I realize it’s for Aaron’s leg so I approach the seat next to the
turned chair and sit. Elaina is sitting to the left of the head of the table
and her hubby next to her. Then comes Tammi. I personally always thought Tammi
was a stripper name, but I will never tell. I think of this while watching
Elaina and Tammi argue about their seat.

“Do you sleep with him?” Tammi asks her, squinting.

“No, are you related to him?”

“No, dear, that would be incest.”

“I wouldn’t put it past you,” Elaina shoots back. I can’t help myself, I
giggle. Tammi glares at me immediately.

“I’m sorry, are you involved in this conversation?”

“She is now! Layla, how are you!?!” Elaina asks me, looking so happy. I smile
at her, genuinely happy too.

“Elaina!” I say, standing as she rounds the table to give me a hug. I notice
over her shoulder that Tammi is trying to steal her seat. But her husband
blocks Tammi from Elaina’s seat. We hug tightly and while we are hugging she
whispers in my ear.

“Why did you two ever break up… why?!” She sounds so desperate and sad I
almost laugh out loud. I don’t tell her that Aaron was the one to break up
with me. Instead I pull back and look at her for a few moments.

“It, it just wasn’t right,” I say.

“But now,” she says with a wink. “Now… look at you! You’re so hot!”

"Oh please!” I say with a laugh.

“No really,” she says before we hear an agitated scream from the other side of
the table.

“Let me pass!” Tammi yells at Elaina’s husband. Elaina crosses so quickly to
the other side of the table that I can barely keep track of who is where. I
chalk it up to my head injury and sink back down into my seat.

“Leave him alone!” Elaina says, pushing Tammi. And before the two girls can
escalate the situation more, I hear a familiar voice.

“Girls! Let’s be civil, shall we?”

I look over towards the doorway, where the voice’s source is originating from.
It’s Kim. I knew she was still around. I try to keep myself from smiling, but
I can’t help myself. Ever since I was 15- I always aspired to be her- rich,
beautiful, and totally in control. And now she looks older.

“Elaina’s trying to steal my spot next to Aaron!” Tammi complains. Kim smiles
evilly at Tammi.

“You amateur,” she says with a smile still. “Who gets to sleep with him?”

Tammi opens her mouth to say something but Kim holds up a finger to silence
her.

“Sit!” Kim demands. Elaina and Tammi both sit.

