### Blood pressure 15 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2015-01-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** "-Should we do this my way then? -Angel� -Together? He sighs and strokes my cheek with the back of his hand. -Always." 

* * *

Even if we’re driving at more than 200km/h on mountain roads, the car is so
smooth that I can barely feel the speed. The sun is slowly rising and the
scenery is breathtaking. It’s like gold is pouring all over these peaceful
mountains and trees. I can see a few early birds flying and I wish we could
just stop to listen to them.

But that’s the thing with our job. We never stop. I’ve never been a nostalgic
person but now that my entire life is changing, I kind of feel like
remembering how I was before I started this crazy life as a special agent. For
example, I recall I loved waking up early just to enjoy watching the sunrise.
I also used to take time to watch around me and study my environment. Nature
is beautiful. Whether it’s under the sun or under the snow, nature is just a
magnificent jewel that we tend to forget because we’re too busy living our
lives. When did I stop noticing all this beauty? Is killing people so
important? They tell you it’s justified because these are “bad” people that
are trying to hurt our planet and the entire human race. But who are we really
to decide who can live and who must die?

Gabriel revealed me that his blood kills people and that mine heals them.
Apparently, we’re the two only one so far. But what’s funny is our blood acts
differently if it’s between us: If I drink his blood, it will heal me and if
he drinks mine too much, it intoxicates him. We were hiding in Aspen in one of
the Agency safe house but it seems that we’re being chased by some “powerful
people”. I wanted to ask for explanations but Gabriel has been on the phone
ever since we started driving to escape.

I could hear him talk about a certain AKME Group and its CEO Johnathan
Ferguson. Slowly pieces of the puzzle come together. I met this Johnathan at
the anniversary ball. He told me he was a scientist and that Ogden was one of
his employees. Ethan told me the guests at the ball were politicians and CEOs
of Pharmaceutical groups. Could the AKME Group be one of them? Now that I
think of it, he called me a “lucky girl” at that time…

_“__I know women who would kill to be you right now”_

At the time, I thought he was saying that because I was Ethan’s date but…
Could he know? He also asked if they told me about my “condition”… Fuck it’s
coming in place now. He knew. So did Ogden. That’s probably why I had to work
with her even if I had no reason to. That all means that Alexz probably also
knew… I’m torn between rage and sadness. I feel betrayed. Alexz, Ethan and
even Gabriel. They all knew but they wouldn’t tell me anything. They just let
me go crazy on my own on this bloody island. I think finally I’m more
disgusted than angry. But as Gabriel ends another phone call in which he
mentioned skydiving as part of our escape plans, I take his phone and
deactivate the the wireless connection.

\- Angel, I’m not done, give that back, he says through gritted teeth.

\- Why did we keep Ogden at the Agency? I ask bluntly. We free hostages and we
deliver them to local authority but we never keep them at the base. I didn’t
really ask at the time because it’s not my place as an agent but fuck the
protocol, I have the right to know now.

Saying he’s angry is an under-statement. I can see he’s trying really hard to
not lose his temper. But to my biggest surprise, he answers.

\- Ogden has never been kidnapped.

His tone is like ice.

\- Excuse me?!

I’m shocked. But should I be really? It’s like every time I think this is
gonna be the last surprise, another one is coming.

\- She works for the AKME Company, it’s a pharmaceutical group – you met the
CEO Johnathan Ferguson at the Anniversary Ball.

So far, I had it right.

\- He and some high ranked politicians found out about you. They told Ethan to
hand you over but of course he wouldn’t. So he found a compromise: One of
John’s scientist could come and work on the base and she would have access to
your blood. They faked her kidnapping and covered it as a rescuing mission so
that her staying at the base wouldn’t attract too much suspicion.

Now he’s really pissed off – like he didn’t agree at all on this plan.

\- Why did she need my blood?

He looks at me with icy blue sapphires and smiles but it doesn’t reach his
eyes.

\- Come on Angel… You’re smart though! You haven’t guessed yet?

I stay silent because the truth is I already know the answer but I don’t want
to say it.

\- She’s been trying to reproduce it. That’s why I had to work with her. And
that’s also why Alexz has been pumping my blood every fucking day: to give it
to her.

\- Alexzander has never been part of the plan!

If my voice was an angry trembling whisper, the contrast with him shouting
suddenly in the car, releasing finally all his frustrations, is deafening.

\- What do you mean?

\- After the first time she almost drained you completely from you blood, I
went to see Ethan and told him we had to change the strategy. I was going to
be the one taking a small blood sample from you and only once a month. But
then Jake came back dying and I had to use your blood for the first time. I
knew that if I did, Ethan wouldn’t forgive me exposing you but if I didn’t you
wouldn’t forgive me for letting your friend die.

\- That’s why you were so angry at that time…

\- I don’t know if Ethan did it on purpose but it all turned out to his
advantage: He knew you were gonna loose it and with me out of the picture, it
was just too easy to “punish” you by giving you a tutor. Like this, you were
watched over almost 24/7 and he was getting report on you every day. And who
was better suited for the job than his old friend Alexzander? But what he
didn’t know was that the Viking already made an agreement with Ferguson before
accepting Ethan’s offer to become an agent.

\- How do you know all of this?

\- As soon as I realized Ethan wouldn’t let me anywhere near you anymore, I
took off and started investigating on the AKME Group. When I found out the
connection between Ogden and Alexzander though, I did everything I could to
get back on time for the Anniversary Ball. I knew that Ethan invited some
representatives of the company but since one of his closest friends already
betrayed him, I suspected nothing would go the way he planned.

\- Why did he invite the AKME Group in the first place?

\- The fact that we wouldn’t let Ogden get all the blood she wanted from you
made the relationship between the Agency and the AKME quite difficult. So in
order to maintain a relation more or less stable, Ethan decided to make a move
by inviting them to our biggest celebration.

\- Did you call Ethan as soon as you found out about Alexz?

\- Yes. We both agreed that if Ferguson was wicked enough to make a deal with
an agent, he was probably going to try something with you.

\- Something?

\- Blackmailing, kidnapping, threats… Who knows what this man is capable of?

\- That’s why Ethan drugged me… He simply didn’t want me to be in contact with
Ferguson.

\- Still. He didn’t have to pass you the drug with his mouth… He says more
pissed off than ever.

Now that I think of it, I did refuse a drink he offered me just before the
guests arrived. He may have put some drugs in the glass but since I declined
it and he was in a rush, he didn’t really have any other choice… But a quick
glance at Gabriel’s profile is enough to keep me from telling him that. He’s
angry, tensed and… Incredibly hot.

\- So what can my blood do exactly? I ask trying to change the subject.

\- From what I’ve read, it can heal injuries, poison and blood loss. However,
you can’t heal permanent disease such as cancer or Polio for example. Your
blood can help relieve the pain and erase the symptom for a short period of
time but not cure the disease completely. The amount of blood needed vary
according to the nature of the wound. But you still don’t need much to heal…
Remember how I only needed a few drops for Jake as he was bleeding to death?

\- Yes… I thought it was crazy but it all makes sense now. How about the way
it works? I’ve tried to put my blood on your wound for example but it didn’t
do anything.

\- The wound was maybe too deep. The direct contact of your blood can heal but
it’s not ideal. Transfusion works better of course but… The most efficient way
is through ingestion.

\- But when you ingest blood, it goes in your stomach and not in your blood
system so how is that even possible?!

\- Honestly Angel, I don’t know… There’s no exact science when it comes to you
and me.

\- But Ogden and this pharma group is trying to understand the science of it…
So why is it a bad idea finally? Isn’t it good that they’re trying to
reproduce it?

If so far, he was focused on the road, not crashing the car is obviously not
the priority anymore: He glares at me like I was some strange Alien with a
particularly low IQ.

\- Do you realize that these people will be ready to do whatever it takes to
get your blood and understand how it works? If it means locking you up in a
cage for the rest of your life or torturing you in the worst possible way,
they will do it.

\- Except if I cooperate…

\- There is no fucking way I’m letting you do something that reckless. You
think they want to reproduce your blood to save people?! All they’re after is
money! Your blood is like any other drug: it’s addictive. All they want is to
create a drug that people would love so much they wouldn’t be able to live
without it. They want something effective for a short amount of time only.
Because if you could cure everybody with just one shot, how would you make
profit out of it?

\- Are you saying they would deliberately sell a deficient drug that would
make people become dependent?

\- I’m saying that you don’t know the first thing about these people.

\- Fine, I reply angry. Then we just have to double them and find a way to
reproduce it before they can get… Me.

\- Right now, it’s not my top priority.

\- Oh no?! Then what is then?! I shout while turning completely on myself to
face him.

I’m so angry that I don’t realize straight away that he’s stopping the car
with the handbrake. The shock is rude and it takes me 2 seconds to realize
what’s happening. Three cars are in front of us, blocking completely the way
and about a dozen soldiers in black are pointing guns at us.

\- Getting us out of there.

His tone is oddly calm for the situation. He reverses the car but that’s only
when we both see that black cars are coming from behind too. We’re now trapped
between our opponents.

\- There’s a helicopter waiting for us at about 4km from here. If you run fast
enough, you can escape them and get to it in less than 10min. I’ll keep them
busy.

\- I’m not going anywhere without you.

We’re still both in the car and obviously, our opponents are waiting for us to
get out.

\- Lily… These people are not from the AKME Group. I don’t know them but I
have the feeling they don’t really care capturing us dead or alive.

I grab his hand and kiss his fingers. For the first time since we stopped, he
looks at me wondering what I‘m doing. And with a wicked smile, I add softly:

\- Should we do this my way then?

\- Angel…

\- Together?

He sighs and strokes my cheek with the back of his hand.

\- Always.

And just like that, we grab all the guns hidden in the car and get out without
waiting anymore. As soon as we’re out, our enemies start firing us but we’re
faster. While Gabriel is taking care of the ones behind us, I shoot 6 guys
hidden behind the cars in front of us. Some of them are moving toward us.
They’re now so close that I can start fighting properly. I dodge their attack
with Wing Chun moves and put down three more with sidekicks and punches. A
quick look at Gabriel and I see that he took 7 of them down. He’s fighting the
2 last ones. I only have 3 left. As I grab one of my opponent’s weapon fallen
on the ground, I’m shot by one stupid syringe on the scapula. What the hell?!
I take it off immediately and shoot the guy at the same time. I fight the two
that are left but Gabriel arrives and shoots one of them, which leaves us only
with one. I finally manage to put him down but I don’t kill him.

\- We need to go!

Gabriel is already taking me by the waist do drag me to the car but I free
myself going straight to the men I didn’t kill. I grab him by the throat and
shouts.

\- Who sent you?!

He smiles with blood on his teeth and that wicked face of his is enough to
freeze me.

\- You and him are an abomination of Nature… You need to die… Ask your boss!

\- Lily, their backups are coming, we need to go! NOW!

This time, he grabs my elbow and forces me to stand and run to the car. I
enter it confused by what I just heard. We reach the helicopter in a heartbeat
and jump in it. As we put on our suits and parachutes, Gabriel explains me
that we’re going to lend next to Denver. There, a car will be waiting for us
to drive us to the Airport. We’ll then take the Jet back to the Island. Ogden
is gone and it is now the safest place to be… But as he says it, I suddenly
have a bad feeling. Going back to the Island? Is it really the safest place
for us? I can’t think of it since we’re already jumping. I don’t take the time
to watch the scenery and focus on the fall and try to remember how to open the
bloody parachute. Damn! We train for that but it’s been so long since last
time I did it!

Finally, it opens and a few minutes later, we land next to each other. That’s
when I realize that Gabriel is actually badly injured. His hand is bleeding
and he’s holding his chest like if he had broken ribs. After a closer look,
he’s actually got shot and he’s bleeding way too much. As soon as he landed,
he just collapsed on his knees. I take off all my equipment as fast as
possible and run to him as soon as I can. I help him take off his parachutes
and pass his arm around my shoulder.

\- You’re hurt! Why didn’t you say anything?! You shouldn’t have jump on you
own, this just made it worse!

\- It’s nothing really… He says as he tries to smile but the pain is kind of
deforming his face.

Apparently, he got shot in the leg too and he seems too pale… I help him get
in the car and without a word, the driver starts.

\- What are you doing?! Asks Gabriel as he sees me take a knife off of my
boot.

I want to cut my wrist but he jumps on me, grabbing my wrists and thus forcing
me to drop the knife. He’s now lying on top of me on the back seat.

\- Don’t ever hurt yourself.

I get lost a moment in his deep blue eyes as he keeps my hands above my hand.

\- I don’t understand… Isn’t it the whole point of this healing thing? I can
use it to save you. Just let me give you my blood!

\- I’m not worth it…

\- Cut the bullshit already Gabriel! This is ridiculous, I can heal you, just
let me do it!

He slowly loosens his grip. I run my free hand in his dark hair while he’s
pressing his face with closed eyes against my arm like he’s trying to feel my
warmth and to calm down.

\- What are you scared of?

My voice is so soft it’s almost a whisper.

\- What if I can’t stop?

As he reopens his eyes, I can see all the pain in it. This costs him a lot.

\- You will… Because I won’t let you hurt me.

I take his head in my hands and watch him in the eyes.

\- I trust you. So trust me.

And as I say that, I slowly direct his mouth toward my neck. He starts by
kissing it slowly and become more forceful. If we were teenagers, I would say
he’s trying to do me a hickey but I know he’s just trying to get the blood to
the surface… Then he finally bites me just at the junction between my neck and
my clavicle. I can feel the blood running through my veins and slowly leaving
my body. He holds me tighter and I’m almost suffocating from his grip. But
before I need to say anything, he stops and releases me slowly.

\- You just feel so good…

I feel a bit dizzy as I sit and let myself fall against his shoulder. But soon
enough, I’m even letting myself fall on his lap. My head is on his knee and I
can feel his hand stroking my head. I want so bad to fall asleep like this but
I can’t.

\- I don’t think we should go back…

\- Why is that?

His voice is soft like he was talking to a child.

\- That man… He said that we were an abomination of Nature and that we needed
to die… But most of all, he added “ask your boss”. And you said they weren’t
from the AKME Group…

\- You think the Agency sent them?

\- I don’t know but…

\- Ethan loves you more than his own life. And I like to think of him as a
friend. I don’t think he could have done something like that.

\- Yeah but what if “our boss” wasn’t him? What if this man was referring to
the board? After all, we’re causing them troubles…

We both fall in silence after that. I know he’s thinking about what I just
said and I know that like me, he heard the very discreet sound of the doors
being locked by our driver. About 5 minutes before we arrive, he helps me sit
in the car and watch me carefully as he holds my hand.

\- I won’t let anything happen to you. I promise.

The car stops and as we both get out, we realize how accurate my bad feeling
was. About 20 of our agents are here to “welcome” us.

\- Lily Jones and Gabriel Cincinatti, you are under arrest. Please put your
hands behind your head.

\- Seems like you were right Angel… We do bother them.

As we stand in front of the car completely surrounded by the strongest people
on earth, 4 agents I’ve never seen before walk toward us and handcuff us. So
it’s with our hands attached behind our backs that we board the private jet.

\- When did we exactly become criminal? I ask one of our new “colleagues” as
people attach us to our seats.

\- When Ethan discovered we were planning on running away… Answers Gabriel.

\- And believe me, he can’t wait to see you guys “coming back home”, adds one
of our tormentors with a wicked smile.

Thank you for reading guys!!! And sorry for the slow updates...

Love you all! xx

