### Four Days Wonderful by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-01-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** "We would go to Barcelona, something we all looked forward to, but I thought about meeting Claudia while I was driving." 

* * *

I woke up when Bas gave me a punch on my left shoulder. We were back in
Estartit after a long day in Barcelona. We had spent the day in Barcelona as
planned. We left early in the morning and I drove as first. I didn't sleep
much last night. I don't know if it has anything to do with my feelings for
Claudia. Sometimes I just sleep really bad, also in the Netherlands. For
instance, sometimes I Have to begin early at work and during the night I have
those dream's that I can't fall asleep. Those are the most terrible. But last
night I was filled with energy. Of course we would go to Barcelona, something
we all looked forward to, but I thought about meeting Claudia while I was
driving. Just before the sunrise, we stopped at a fuel station. Today would
become a crowded day in the Capital of Catalonia. Monday's in the summer
holidays, are usually the days when tourists decide to explore the region
they're at. We have visited the football stadium, the rambla and Fonte Magica.
And while exploring the centre of Barcelona, we also paid a visit to the La
Sagrada Familia. Ronald was the one behind the wheel when we returned to
Estartit. We decided to go early so we had the best chance of avoiding traffic
jams. Our plan worked out well. Later this night, we would go out for the
second time while tomorrow would be another "beach-day."

I was dressed in my casual outfit for the night and was sitting on the balcony
when the other three were done showering, doing their hair, put on some
clothes and getting a drink. I wore my brown shorts, a yellow t-shirt and a
brown belt with brown-white convert all-stars. I was drinking a red-bull
because I wasn't really fit. That's why I also slept in the car. I don't
believe drinking Red-bull would give me an energy boost, I just hoped it
kindda did. While looking at the open air with a moon shining bright, my
brother put a corona in front of me.

'Can you hear the waves Marc?' he asked me.

'Not really, that typical Dutch music you put on during our trip damaged my
ears too much.'

'I thought you liked apres-ski.'

'It's terrible when the sun is still visible and were not in a bar where I can
drink a few in order to defy it.'

'Nah, you just have to let it in you know, just like eating Kebab.'

'Well, perhaps, when the timing is right, I could appreciate Dutch music. But
only as the garlic on my Doner Kebab!'

While we both laughed the other two joined us on the balcony. 'Are you ready
for another night ladies?' Bas said.

'I think it's just the three of us ginger.' Jacco answered nodding at me.

'hey, don't be so offensive, we all agree Bas is the prettiest ginger of us.'
I said.

'Having plans tonight?' Bas asked me.

'Not really, I don't know if she's around tonight.'

'I think she is. Have you seen the movie Before Sunset once?'

'Yes I did. The one with Ethan Hawke if I'm right.'

'Claudia and you, are just like those two main characters. But you guys have a
bloody week! '

'I promise you Bas, if I find her, I follow your advice and ask her number.'

'You're such an ass Marc, it's time you let go of your stupid code.'

Later that evening in Rockefellers

Jacco and Ronald were already lost in the apres ski again. I don't blame them.
Always when were there, we have a great time. But Bas wanted to look inside a
different bar. So I insisted we would definitely have a look at Rockefellers.
It was a lot less crowded then two days ago. It was easy to order a drink and
there was no entrance fee. I remembered a band was playing, I was surprised.
The last time I was here, the only music that was played was Dance. But as I
recall, this was a band from England and the track was a classic. I didn't
know if it was Oasis or Blur, perhaps because I began to think about Claudia
again.

I was right. It didn't last long before the dance music was back. I knew it
must have been somewhere around twelve. So I figured that they play different
types of music in different timeslots. Bas was more into the dance music than
me. I don't have a phone with sound cloud so I don't hear a lot of those
remixes. Bas could tell me who the artist of a track was by using his phone.
Again I was mesmerized that he just had to keep his phone in the direction of
the speaker, and the name of the song would pop up on his phone.

'How did you do that?' I asked.

'It's one of those app's that I have on my phone.'

'Something that's like what's app?'

'Well, that's also an app. But this one is different.'

'I don't get it.'

'I have downloaded an app called Shazam. It's an app that recognizes tracks on
the radio. I just have to activate it and wait for a few seconds.'

'So it always works? Also with cover's?'

'Depends on if the song is in the database or played well enough.'

'Amazing. And it's all working without being attached to something. I can't
understand that something like this works.'

'Welcome in the 21st century Marc.'

'Want a cola bacardi?'

'I won't say no to that. '

While I was waiting for the drinks after I ordered it: 'This is a great
vacation Marc.' Bas said.

'It's wonderful', I said with a blink.

At the same time

Claudia was the only one that stayed in Estartit. Of course, she wasn't all
alone. She had her friends here. She and her family come here like every
weekend during the summer, so she's not completely a stranger in this city.
Over two weeks when they all have vacation, they will stay here for one month.
She spend the whole day on the beach with her local friends but never saw Marc
this day. Why didn't he want to leave his number to her? It was a question
that started to bother her now. And she just left him without really trying to
get a real answer on that question. Was he testing her? He was different than
anyone she had known before. But she knew that he would be here another three
days at least. She decided to go out with Nuria and Irene. Maybe she would
meet him once again in that lousy Dutch bar where she saw her last.

Twenty minutes later, she arrived in the apres ski bar with her two friends.
They also didn't like the bar much. Not only because of the music, but also
because of the people that usually came here. Most of the time it were
tourists, and they were most of the time annoying. Or they would end up drunk
or they were just boring. But Claudia saw a person that looked a lot like
Marc, it was his brother of course. She never met him, but maybe Marc was
around too. The three of them ordered a drink but as they finished it, she
still didn't see Marc. While Irene was patience, Nuria began to demand to
leave. Claudia walked towards Ronald and hoped that he was also a normal guy.
Jacco saw her coming and attended Ronald that she walked towards them.

'You're Marc's brother right?', Claudia asked.

'Yes, I'm Ronald, nice to finally meet you', He had the same smile Marc had.

'I'm Claudia', she introduced herself to both Jacco and Ronald.

'But you're here to find Marc I guess?' Ronald said.

'Is it that obvious?'

'Jacco, can you get a few more drinks?'

(Jacco nodded and went for two new drinks while Ronald looked a lot more
serious now.)

'It's the look you have Claudia. I've seen that a few times before. It's the
effect Marc has on some people. '

'So is that good or bad?'

'I don't know. Marc is a silent person about his interactions with others. But
I know for sure that he feels something for you. But I'm not going to be the
sidekick who tells how great he is. Not because I don't want to, but because
he would disapprove that. It would take the magic out of the good he thinks. I
don't really understand that.'

'Does sound like the person that I'm beginning to know.'

'In my opinion, you two shouldn't waste anymore time, last thing I know is
that he's in Rockefellers.'

'Thank you. You're a lot like you're brother I guess.'

'I don't think so, but I like to see him happy. But make it a lot easier next
time and exchange each other's phone numbers.'

(both laughing while Jacco returns.)

'Well, maybe I'll see you soon again.'

'Maybe, now hurry up.'

(Claudia walks to her friends while Jacco gives Ronald his drink.)

At Rockefellers

We were on the dance floor with our drinks when I asked Bas if he liked to go
to the next bar. But the next track was one of his current favourites so we
stayed in Rockefellers and danced a little more. I took a look around and
thought to see Claudia. When I took another look she wasn't there. I started
to laugh about myself and took another sip of my corona. I could see that Bas
really liked this number. He was the better dancer of us. It's funny though,
cause there was a time when he didn't even come close to the dance floor. I
looked over my shoulder and I would swear to god that it was Claudia that I
saw. But then I realized that wherever I looked at, I saw her. And a warm
feeling was rising in me. The next track finished it completely. One of my
favourites. Bas sometimes plays music from his phone via Google chrome at his
brother in law's house. And suddenly I remembered the DJ again. Kygo was the
name of his favourite DJ. But this track was great, the beat but also the
vocals. It was Cut Your Teeth by Kyla La Grange. Now I was the one who began
to dance while Bas leaned forward and said something. I couldn't hear
precisely what he said, the music was just too loud and too good. When he said
it again I just read his lips. A trick I learned when I was seventeen years
old. I read: "Look behind you." So I turned around while the refrain of the
track kicked in for the second time. It was Claudia. I didn't say anything,
because you had to scream to make yourself understandable. And I hate to
scream, especially when it's some you think about so much. Am I falling in
love?

She also didn't say anything. But her eyes had my attention from the very
first moment that I saw her. She smiled and thank god that I hadn't drunken
too much. She moved on the track, I mean danced, like.. Well I can't describe
it too be honest. Maybe because when it comes to her my imagination isn't that
objective anymore. So perhaps she danced like sh!t but in my eyes, she was
everything. I didn't even know that I was dancing with her.

I don't know what the next track was. My attention was completely focused on
Claudia. Eventually I stood behind her and placed my hands on her hips while
we continued to dance. She put her hands on mine and turned around. Now we
were standing face to face, real close. We looked straight at each other and
in that moment it was like everything around us stood still. It didn't matter
anymore. I felt the kindness in her eyes. I don't know much when it comes to
my own feelings, but I would bet my life on it that I never have felt that
good in my entire life. She put her arms around my neck and automatically I
put my arms on both her sides. I was nervous as hell so if I was holding a
drink right now, I probably spilled some on both of us. It was like she felt
this. She leaned a little forward and eventually I followed her lead. We had
our first kiss right there on the dance floor. I held her tightly against me.
Nobody would steal her away from.

We opened our eyes on the same moment and we smiled towards each other. She
looked a second at me and then took my hand and pulled me with her. We ended
on the other side of the bar and she ordered something in Spanish.

'So you're brother gave some good advice.' she said suddenly after she put a
drink next to me on the bar which I probably never had before.

'You saw my brother?'

'Yeah. He's a great person Marc. I was trying to find you. The last place we
saw each other was in the apres-ski.'

'Very wise of you to look there first.'

....

After we talked for a while we kissed another time before we decided to go
back to the rest. Eventually we ended with four when Irene decided to go home.
Bas spend the rest of the night mostly with Nuria while Claudia almost never
left my eyes and likewise. We danced, we talked and we laughed a lot.
Eventually we brought both girls back home at Nuria's. Bas and Nuria also
kissed each other while Claudia and I also shared another kiss.

'Do you have my number Icy Blue Eyes?' She said jokingly.

'Of course I have. So how late shall I pick you up tomorrow?'

'What do you want to do tomorrow?'

'First get some sleep, I'm really tired. But why won't we see if we can hold
up a day at the beach?'

'Sounds great. And perhaps a little longer than a few minutes?'

'Great, well... sleep well. See you tomorrow.'

'Have sweet dreams tonight!' she said.

While Bas and I walked away I took another look over my shoulder and saw how
she entered the house. I began to fall in love with a person that I would
probably never see again after three days.

Before Claudia closed the door she took another look at Marc. What would
happen tomorrow? But it was a great choice to stay in Estartit.

**This was the fourth day and thus part 4 of my ...Days Wonderful franchise. Three more days to go...**

_ _

