### A Peasant from Terrace View 5 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-01-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The story of love that never gives up. The sequel to my second story (chronologically). 

* * *

**Part 5**

**Please read Rulers of Terrace View first. All my stories can be found on my author's page. And if you enjoy my stories, please, please, please leave feedback! Thank you very much! E****njoy!**

Next Kim looks over, and sees me, sees her seat next to me, farthest away from
Aaron, across from Tammi. Elaina, her husband, Tammi, and I watch her. She
sucks it up and smiles at me, though I know very well that she never liked me.
She sits next to me, and surprisingly, I feel her hatred focused towards
Tammi. And then I come to a conclusion I am quite frankly disgusted with
myself for not figuring out sooner-she hates Aaron’s girlfriends. Kim never
married Cooper because she was in love with him. She married him because of
the financial stability and the fact that his son is gorgeous and _was_
totally available. I become disgusted with the person I am sitting next to.
But I am still less disgusted with her than Tammi. Especially because at least
thought Kim is deplorable, she is honest.

“All right, let’s try and be pleasant… just for Aaron,” Kim says, looking
directly at Tammi, who glares back. We all look at Tammi, and back to Kim.

“Hi,” I say loudly, trying to distract from the awkwardness of Kim and Tammi,
looking at Elaina’s husband. “My name is Layla, I worked for the family a
while ago.”

“Hi,” he says with a very handsome smile. Opposite from Elaina’s black hair
and fair skin, he is tan and blond. “My name is Robert, but you can call me
Rob.”

“It’s nice to meet you Rob,” I say with a smile. Before he can respond, the
doors to the hallway fly open and Aaron limps in. He is accompanied by an
employee I don’t recognize.

We are all silent as Aaron enters, and Rob stands, so we all stand as well.
Aaron smiles and almost laughs at this.

“Please, sit,” he says, like this is a joke. We do sit, but not in a
lighthearted manner like he intends us to. His worker accompanies him to the
dinner table and he gives the employee his crutches and hops over to the head
chair of the table non-chalantly. I watch Aaron as he tries to pull out the
chair to sit. But the worker hurries over and pulls it out for him. The chair
next to me is turned for his leg but he doesn’t seem to notice until he is
about to sit down.

As he sits, and the worker pushes in the chair behind his legs, he sits
prematurely, wincing.

“You idiot!” Tammi scolds the worker accompanying Aaron. I want to yell at
her- I want to tell her that he had no way of knowing that it would hurt
Aaron, but he beats me to it.

“Tammi, be quiet!” Aaron snaps at her. She is instantly quiet, but the worker
apologizes nonetheless. I would too, though. “Please don’t,” he says. The
worker nods at him loyally, and kneels next him.

We all watch as Aaron looks down at the worker, and his leg. We can all tell
that the worker is helping to lift his leg onto the chair next to me. I can
see it too, his bandaged leg is lifted onto the chair to next to me. We are
silent though, awkwardly, until Elaina breaks the silence, looking at me.

“When did you get into Terrace View?” she asks me.

“Oh, a little after noon,” I answer with a smile. And though I’ve had various
friends over the course of my short life, I realize that I have genuinely
missed Elaina and Sadie. They have never gained anything from our friendship
other than a willing, listening ear, and that seems to be more than enough for
them. They have never gained status or reputation from our friendship… which
is more than I can say.

“Do you feel any better?” Aaron asks me. I look at him, almost completely
enchanted.

“A hot shower can do wonders,” I answer, still with a smile. My mouth hurts. I
haven’t smiled this much in seven years.

“How do you feel, babe?” Tammi asks, her voice a whine. We all look at her. I
only hope that she is so obvious to everyone else as she is to me. And she is-
to everyone expect Aaron (or at least is seems).

“How does it feel being so desperate for your own boyfriend?” Kim asks beside
me. I look over at her.

“How does it feel being left out of your own husband’s will?” Tammi shoots
back.

I feel the air being sucked out the room and there is silence in the room for
a few moments while the women glare at each other.

“Enough!” Aaron snaps. He looks both upset and angry at the same time. Both
women are silent. Aaron leans over on an armrest, rubbing the bridge of his
nose. I see his jaw clench too. “Can you all just… I have a lot to worry
about,” he says.

I could almost swear his voice cracks, but I ignore it and realize how he must
feel.

“Elaina,” I cut in quickly, “how did you and Rob and meet?” I ask, genuinely
interested. I’m trying to decompress the situation and it seems to work.

“Well…” Elaina begins.

“Do you remember me? We went to the same high school,” Rob says, looking
directly at me. I am confused.

“You and me?” I ask.

“Yes.” He chuckles a little. “Do you remember Tim Huson? In history class?”

I remember him vividly. That bully.

“Yeah…” I answer timidly.

“I was his friend before I realized what a douche he is.” Rob laughs. “You
helped me realize this after that day he hurt you. I came to this mansion to
try to make amends, when I realized I shouldn’t even be friends with him. I
met Elaina… and although we didn’t date until many years later, that’s how we
first met,” he says.

I suddenly remember him. He used to sit next to Tim in history, until that
fateful day. And then after that I lost track. I laugh loudly and unabashedly.
They all stare at me while I laugh without control.

“I’m… I’m so… I’m so sorry!” I laugh. I continue to laugh until I force myself
to control my reaction. “I just remembered you…” I continue to laugh until I
cry.

“I thought you would hate me forever,” Rob says. This confession cuts my
laughter short.

“You never did anything mean to me,” I say with a smile. “You were only
running with the wrong crowd. Who can be held accountable for that in _high
school_?” I ask sincerely.

And though it seems like a sensible and reasonable question to me, almost
everyone stares. I immediately feel self-conscience. I look around and before
I can ask what is wrong I see Aaron’s face. He is smiling… a dazzling,
alluring, magnificent, exquisite smile.

“I told you,” he says, looking over at Rob. “She is forgiving and sweet.” I
instantly turn red and hold up my hands to refute this, but Rob laughs.

“Yeah, you were right.”

“I went to the same high school as Aaron,” Tammi says with a provocative smile
at her boyfriend. I want to gag.

“Me too,” Elaina says flatly.

“Well what do you do now?” I ask Rob, ignoring the side comment from the
stripper.

“I actually help run Jeffers Inc.,” he says. “Aaron was nice enough to let me
help after I got back from school.”

“Where did you go?” I ask.

“Penn State, not too far. I have an accounting degree, so that helps.” He
flashes me a smile and is about to say something else when Tammi cuts in
again.

“This dinner conversation is beginning to seem exclusive,” she whines.

“Don’t you have a nail appointment to get to?” Elaina snaps.

I hear Aaron sigh as Sherri approaches the table.

“Can I get everybody some drinks?” she asks.

“Oh thank God,” Kim answers and we all laugh a little except Tammi and Aaron.

“Scotch,” Aaron says. “A lot.”

We all get drinks, most of us ask for wine. And Sherri leaves again.

“So how do you feel, brother?” Elaina asks Aaron.

“I’m fine, I just have some work to do later. Rob, we need to review an
inventory list for one of our subsidiaries,” he says, looking to Rob.

“Sure thing, boss,” Rob responds.

Sherri enters again with the drinks and we are all silent as we chug our
alcohol. Tammi finishes a glass quickly and asks Sherri for another.

“You need to rest, Aaron, you haven’t gotten much rest since you got home this
morning.” I know that Elaina is just concerned about her brother, but telling
Aaron to relax is like trying to get kids to prefer vegetables over candy- it
just won’t happen. Definitely not without some sort of mind-altering procedure
or device. So I’m not surprised by Aaron’s response.

“I’ll get some rest when I’m done.”

He takes a swig of his drink and Elaina drops the subject. She knows better.

“I wonder what’s for dinner,” Tammi says. It’s the first inoffensive, normal
thing I’ve heard her say. “I hope it isn’t pasta, I’m trying to cut carbs.” I
have to make a very concerted effort not to roll my eyes.

“What are you up to these days?” Elaina asks me. We all gladly ignore Tammi’s
input.

“I’m in school.”

“What’re you studying?” Kim cuts in. This takes me by surprise and I pause for
a few moments.

“Political science,” I say. “I want to do something in politics.”

“Just a bunch of bullshit if you ask me,” Kim says.

“Kim,” Aaron says, throwing her a glare. I laugh and shake it off easily.

“You’re right, at least with federal matters. A lot of the government’s
policies make me mad. But I want to do something about it, even if it’s just
for one town. That can make a difference in _some _people’s lives at least.”

“Well said,” Rob says. I smile at him happily.

“Thank you.”

“Well, you’re eloquent enough for politics,” Kim agrees. I give her a smile
too and she smiles back. She’s not quite as intimidating as I remember her.

Sherri and a few other workers bring us out stir-fry. It looks delicious and I
put my napkin on my lap before digging in. They refill our drinks too and no
one denies a refill. As we eat there are bits and pieces of conversation at
the table, but I don’t pay any attention. I am having a great time with this
food. I haven’t tasted food so good since… well, since I last ate here. As
they clear the plates, Sherri asks if anyone is interested in dessert. I am so
full I feel like I might puke so I turn it down. Kim and Elaina oblige for
dessert, but no one else.

Aaron pushes himself back from the table.

“Actually, it’s been lovely with everyone’s company, but I have to do some
work now.” He pushes himself out of the chair and the worker that has been
attending Aaron scrambles for the crutches. Aaron looks at Rob, who also
stands.

“Yes, thank you all,” Rob says with a charming smile. Aaron gets his crutches
from his worker, smiles at us as well, and limps from the room, Rob and the
worker on his heels.

“Well, ladies,” Kim says after the men had gone from the room. “Let’s take our
drinks and move to the sitting room. We can have dessert and girl talk in
there.” She grabs her drink and stands and the rest of us follow suit.

