### A Peasant from Terrace View 6 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-01-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** More on the sequel of the love story that never ends. Are Layla and Aaron destined? You decide. 

* * *

**Part 6**

**Thank you for reading the sequel of Layla and Aaron's love! Please leave feedback, any and all is greatly appreciated! And if you have an account please favorite me as an author to keep up with the stories. Please enjoy. **

I enter a room I have never been in before. It’s magnificent, with
comfortable-looking couches and chairs surrounding a small, glass coffee
table. The wall paper is light red with little gold roses painted on the top
in intervals. It has a balcony and cream-colored curtains next to the big
glass doors leading out to that balcony. A beautiful white stone fireplace
sits imbedded in one wall as well, with a small gas fire already lit. I sit
and put my wine down on a stone coaster, noticing Tammi and Kim are now wobbly
on their stiletto heels. Lightweights.

“Cooper and I always entertained in this room,” Kim says with a smile after we
all take a seat. The workers bring in dessert for Elaina and Kim.

“So how is school going? What have you been up to?” Kim asks me. She has more
interest in my life right now than I thought she ever would, probably because
she’s tipsy.

“It’s been okay. I had to drop out for a few years,” I say, when Tammi snorts.
We all look over at her.

“Oh, I’m sorry I was lost in my mind,” Tammi says, giving me a sweet, fake
smile.

“Why are you here?!” Elaina snaps at her.

“Don’t waste your breath, dear, you don’t want to hear the answer anyways,”
Kim says, with a dismissive wave of her hand. “Are you going to visit family
while you’re down here?” she asks, turning to me again.

“If I have time,” I lie. “And what have you been doing?”

“Trying to suck my boyfriend’s dick,” Tammi answers for her, motioning for one
of the workers to give her more wine.

“I think you’ve had enough, Tammi,” Elaina says.

“I don’t think _you’re_ the judge of that.”

We all watch as the worker pours Tammi another glass.

“I’ll have a refill too,” I say, knowing that I will need more alcohol to keep
myself even slightly happy or amused. Otherwise, I’ll kill this girl.

“Well, I started my own shoe line,” Kim says with a smile. “It’s going so well
I’ve already paid Aaron back for the loan he gave me to start it.”

“That’s great,” I say. “What do _you_ do, Tammi?” I ask her. I’m making an
effort to be nice to this girl although she’s obviously a mean bitch.

“Oh me?” she slurs with a fake smile. “I’m a cheerleader for the Pittsburgh
Steelers.” And though she looks extremely proud of this fact, the other two
roll their eyes.

“So no college, I’m guessing then?” I ask, almost innocently. She snaps to
attention and glares at me while the other two laugh loudly.

“What are you two laughing at?” she asks, glaring.

“You!” Kim answers simply. “We both- we _all_ graduated from college expect
for you.”

“That just means you all aren’t hot enough to be professional cheerleaders.”

We all laugh in response this time, myself included. Tammi, once again,
glares.

“You think that’s so funny?” she bellows.

I look over at the other two, who nod in response, still mute from their
raucous laughter.

“Then explain why none of you have dated Aaron Jeffers!” Tammi says. She
sounds outraged. We are all tipsy enough to laugh harder at this. Although, I
realize, with horror, halfway through our laughter, that she is incorrect and
someone is bound to correct her sooner or later.

“Oh yeah?” Kim asks. With dread, I realize Kim will let my not-so-secret
loose. And I’m sure all hell will follow. “Well,”

“Well you are wrong, we have all had some kind of relation with Aaron, whether
it be friendly or sisterly, or otherwise,” I cut in, slightly drunkenly, with
lack of any other good explanation. All the other girls, including Tammi,
laugh at this. I don’t see their amusement, and look around, clueless.

“Really though,” Tammi says, her laughter subsiding. I take a big swig of my
red wine, trying to avoid the inevitable consequences of my lies. “What _are
_your personal relationships to Aaron?” She looks at all of us individually.

“I mean,” Tammi continues, “I wouldn’t be surprised if you want sexual
relations with your brother,” she says, addressing Elaina. “You seem to love
him too much for just family love.” Elaina stops smiling, and immediately
gives Tammi a look that would curdle the blood of any _normal_ human. “And
you, Kim.” Tammi laughs after she says Kim’s name. “You have been after Aaron
since the day you married, rather the day you met _his father_. It’s just
pathetic.”

While Tammi laughs, we all clench our fists and our jaws, trying to contain
ourselves from seriously hurting her.

“And you!” Tammi say to me with the biggest laugh of all. “You haven’t been a
blip on Aaron’s radar since you tried to get with him in high school when you
worked here! You’re the saddest case of them all! You thought at one point
Aaron would actually be interested in you!”

While Tammi cackles, I have a loss of words. I want to run a knife through her
body. I want to show her true pain and destitution. I want to make this bitch
suffer. But then, over Tammi’s triumphant laughter, comes a more joyous laugh.
It’s so loud and so raucous that it will simply not go unnoticed. We all look
over to Elaina.

“You stupid bitch!” she can barely talk between her spouts of intense
laughter. “My brother loved this girl more than any other girlfriend…
including you to this very date!”

My eyes grow wide because my cover has been blown, but Elaina and Kim share in
uproarious laughter while Tammi turns red, purple, and magenta.

“_She_ dated him?” Tammi asks, like she has had some sort of allergic reaction
to the food.

“They had more of a hot and loving relationship than I’ve seen since!
Obviously you noticed how much he cares for her tonight at dinner,” Kim says.
She seems to relish and completely soak up the jealousness her statement
causes to his current girlfriend.

“You’re lying!” Tammi yells, standing. “He would _never_ date a girl like
her!” she cried. I’ve finally had enough of her bullshit and enough of her
pretentiousness. It’s time she learned that _men, _not boys, choose females
with substance, regardless of the social standing. It’s time that she learned
that real men prefer women over girls.

“Why?” I ask, standing too. I’ve reached my breaking point with this bitch.
“Because I don’t come from money?” I glare at her. “This has only taught me
grounding, this has taught me real life lessons, not just what shoes go with
what outfit and which Steeler player is willing to risk getting STDs to fuck
the cheerleaders,” I say. I smile at the other two, who laugh easily. Although
I am only trying outwit Aaron’s girlfriend (which proves to be easy)
apparently, she won’t go down without a fight.

Literally. She won’t back down without trying to beat the shit out of me. She
throws her wine glass to the floor, which shatters and explodes outwards with
pieces of glass and wine. Kim and Elaina stand as well, sensing a fight. I put
up my hands to try and diffuse the situation that I’ve escalated.

“Tammi, I” but that’s all I can say before she launces herself on top of me.

I scream, while she grabs fistfuls of my hair and yanks my head around. I try
to resist without hurting her, putting my hands on her face and pushing away.
I hear yelling from Elaina and Kim but don’t know what they’re saying. Finally
Tammi is pried off me, but the moment she is pulled away we hear a loud yell.

“STOP IT!”

We all stop suddenly, and look over to see Aaron, Rob, a few workers, and
another man that looks vaguely familiar.

“Aaron!” Tammi says sweetly.

Aaron is leaning on his crutches, and glaring at us all. But then as we watch,
the blood drains out of his face and he turns white. He begins to sway
slightly and my mouth drops open while I move towards him, but the men near
him catch on to what is happening and swoop in, putting his arms around their
necks. They help him over to a chair and Tammi and Elaina rush to his side
while he is sitting back in the chair.

“What’s wrong?!” Tammi cries.

“He’s exhausted, you idiot!” Elaina spits back at Tammi. Tammi glares at her.

“What do you need?” Tammi asks him.

“For you to just go to sleep,” Aaron says, putting his forehead in his hand.
Tammi makes a small whining noise, stamps her foot and pouts. Aaron ignores
her and she storms off, out of the room. He looks up at one of his workers.

“Make sure she gets to bed,” he says.

“Why do you care so much about her?” Kim slurs.

“I think it’s bedtime for you too,” he says. Kim downs the wine in her glass.

“I think the person who needs sleep the most is the one who is doling out the
orders,” she gives him a smile, and shakily stalks out of the room in her
stiletto heels. We all watch her go.

“I tried to stop everything, Aaron,” Elaina says but her brother just holds up
a hand.

“I know,” he says. “She’s drunk and acting out. You two should go home.” Aaron
looks over at Rob, who nods. Rob crosses the room and picks up Elaina easily
who squeals, and then hugs her husband tightly. When they leave, it’s just me,
Aaron, the familiar-looking man and a few workers.

“I’m so sor-” I begin to apologize but Aaron holds up a hand and smiles at me.
His eyes are as beautiful and dark as ever so it makes my heart rate increase
rapidly.

“I know what happened. My girlfriend… she doesn’t play well with others.” We
make silent eye contact for a few brief moments when the man near Aaron clears
his throat. “Oh, right. Layla, you remember Kyle, don’t you?” _Kyle._ Of
course. He’s gotten very handsome in the past seven or eight years. If I was
fifteen again, I would have blushed merely from the sight of him.

“Of course,” I say with a smile. He smiles back.

“Hi.”

“Hi,” I respond. Out of the corner of my eye I can see Aaron look back and
forth between us.

“Well… I’ll let you two catch up then. I have to get some sleep.”

“Right, well goodnight,” Kyle says.

“Goodnight Aaron,” I say with a smile.

“Goodnight you both, sleep well.” Aaron pushes himself up out of the chair and
the workers watch him nervously. We all watch him nervously. He seems to be
okay though and limps from the room, his employees right behind him.

