### Three Days Wonderful by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-01-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** 'How you say it, you're younger than me, but you feel like the most mature person of my own age I have ever met... I think that I want you to kiss me.' 

* * *

Jacco and I were just in the bakery to buy breakfast. The weather outside was
delightful. It was a little over twenty degrees, already warm enough for me
while there was a little sea breeze blowing through the streets of Estartit.
The four of us had no plans for this whole vacation. We just do what we like
and everyday is another surprise. You could say we really had a lazy holiday.
But today would be different for me, I did have plans.

'I don't know how you're feeling, but I am hungry!' Jacco said.

'Well I'm also a little bit empty on the inside.' I said.

'When will you pick up Claudia?'

'Have I told already that I was picking her up today?'

'Yeah, tonight after you and Bas got home we drank another on the balcony.'

'Oh yeah. Well I don't have a time or something. I have her telephone number
though.'

Back in our apartment, Ronald's was doing some dishes while Bas was cooking
eggs. Well, better said pancakes. He had his own way of cooking and we all
didn't care about how it looked like. As long as it was eatable, it was good
enough for us. After we all had a sandwich with egg, Ronald took over cooking
duties. You see, we have all the time there is while on vacation. Ronald
cooked something with bacon and potatoes. With a little sauce and milk it will
be once again a delicious breakfast.

It was around two o'clock in the afternoon when I thought it would be the
right time to go to Claudia. The guys and I spend the morning walking through
the city, playing billiard. A cue sport to be precisely. Most of the time I'm
a very good in it, but this morning I only won the first game. Then I lost
everything. We had a few drinks and a great time. We decided to walk towards
the beach during lunchtime. There's one of these food tents that sell's
healthy sandwiches. And they taste like a piece of heaven. Much better than a
snack or something that is more "Spanish." I know, I know, but I will always
be Dutch. I'm one of those who aren't cultural layered yet when it comes to
food. I don't know if this food tent will be around anymore next year, because
these things come and go. So after we finished our lunch we went to the beach.
It was at the beach where suddenly a memory slipped into my mind about the
first day when I met Claudia. I began to laugh about myself because I was a
little foolish when we met.

'Whats up?' Bas asked in a calm way.

'I'm going to leave you guys.'

'When we're going to see you again?'

'I don't know. I contact you. You don't mind that I leave you with those two
do you?'

'Of course not. But let me know what your plans are when you make new ones. I
have a feeling we won't see you again until Thursday.'

'We'll see.'

'Okay, be yourself Marc. She's one of those who looks right through the
bullshit.'

'Yeah, I know.'

I went to Ronald and Jacco who were in the water and told them that I was
going to leave and visit Claudia. Afterwards I walked towards the street and
when I arrived it occurred to me that I had some trouble in finding my way
back to Nuria's house where Claudia would be. Last night we came from the
opposite direction. But I would find it out eventually. I texted her that I
was on my way and began to walk again.

At Nuria's house

I arrived at Nuria's house before it was three o'clock in the afternoon. I
didn't know what to expect, it was the first time for me to be at someone's
home abroad anyway. I wasn't nervous anymore. The thought that someone
completely unfamiliar to me would open the door made it feel like a bad scene
from one of those standard comedies. Before I was able to knock on the door,
it was already opened by Claudia herself. She wore a light green shirt with no
sleeves and blue "daisy duke's." She walked on white slippers. Much more
summer-like than me. I wore another pair of shorts with a white sweater. I
also wore sock's with shoes...

'You're expecting winter pretty soon over here?' She asked.

'Well it's going great, I see you're feeling fine also.' I answered with a
blink.

'Yeah, but I had a long night to recover from.'

'Go away, a long night you say? How did that happen?'

'I could tell you, but I'm not planning on staying here.'

'Okay, well I have nothing better to do, so why don't you start walking and
tell me all about it.'

'You know what, that's a pretty good idea Dutchman.'

'Well I thought so.'

So we began to walk into the same direction where I came from earlier, towards
the centre of the city and I had no idea where we were going. I didn't care
either.

'So last night I was in one of those bars we have here and suddenly I met a
person. I didn't know what was going to happen but he was good company.'

'And then, you drank the night away together?'

'No, it was even better than that. He turned out to be a great person. While
he was clearly not a trained dancer, he could dance good in my opinion. And
you know what? He was Dutch. So it really surprised me that he was such a good
dancer.'

'Well I see, but don't your legs hurt from all that dancing?'

'We didn't only danced..'

'Tell me more about him, he sounds like a great guy.' I said with the best
Joey Tribbiani accent I could do. She laughed, which was good.

'Well we talked a lot together and we really got to know each other. He wasn't
only interested in a hot date, he was interested in me as a person. It made me
feel like a special person. He also made a few jokes so it wasn't like talking
to a psycho too. And he also drank my favourite drink the rest of the evening
which made clear that he has taste.'

'So, sounds like quite the romantic. How did it go further?'

'Do you really want to know? Isn't this boring?'

'Not at all, tell me something about his good taste.'

'he wasn't one of those that only drank beer. Although he seems to like it. He
put away his half filled Corona bottle when he saw me. That was very charming.
A guy that puts away his drink for a women. But he has clearly no taste for
fashion.'

'So that's a bomber.'

'That can be fixed. So how about you're night?'

'Well, not as good as yours I guess.' I said as serious as I could and kept a
serious face.

Claudia stopped walking . She had big eyes and looked a little surprised. I
began to smile and so did she.

'You bastard!'

'What, did I say something wrong?' I said jokingly.

'You're this far away from me leaving you right here on the street.'

'You wouldn't.'

'Why not.'

'Then I have to stalk you back to where we came from because I have absolutely
no idea where I am.' I lied.

'Well, maybe I don't mind you coming back with me.'

I looked at her with my eyes probably asking for an explanation. Did she mean
it or not?

'I mean, if you're not too uncomfortable with the idea. I'm staying at my
parents vacation house the next day's all by myself. Maybe if you want, you
can stay the night with me?'

'I would love to. Are you sure?'

'I think so, but let's get you out of those shoe's first!'

'What?' And then it occurred to me we were standing in Estartit's centre. Next
to a clothes store.

So we went into the store for some slippers. And I really didn't give a damn
what she had in mind. I would buy the shoe's and get the hell out of here. I'm
not a huge fan of shopping. So I put on the first pair she liked and tried to
buy them. The store clerk didn't understand me quite well when Claudia
interrupted me and I tried to say he had to wait a little longer before I
would pay. Claudia said something in Spanish and then he seemed to understand.
She gave me a shirt, it was striped grey and red. She wanted me to try it on
and how could I say no to her. So I would also buy the shirt but before I was
dressed in my own clothes again, she already was paying for it. When we were
back on the street she looked at me.

'Fell a little uncomfortable if a girl pay's the bill for you. Are you that
macho?'

'No that's not it. I left my shoes and socks in the store.'

'You didn't...'

'I didn't want to carry them the rest of the day so I thought, what the hell.'

'You're a fool Marc.'

'So now I am ha?'

'Well, then you could change shirts too and throw that one away you're wearing
now.' she smiled.

'Are you serious right now?'

'Oh, so now it is weird?'

'Give me the shirt.'

I put on the new shirt in the middle on the street. 'You're doing it here?',
she asked.

'What, I don't see a changing room.. do you?' She blushed a little and I felt
great.

At Kim's

After buying some new clothes. I also bought her a pair of shoes, for if she
would ever would be nuts enough to visit me in the Netherlands. We had a great
time in the city and ended in a cafe that was located at the beach called
Kim's. We drank a sangria together and talked about ourselves for a while.
When we ordered a second Sangria, the conversation became a little more
serious.

'So Marc, every time when I look at you I wonder what you think about love?'

'I think it's overrated. I mean, when do we know the difference between a
romance that is pure and real or just a projection we have that isn't based on
anything?'

'I feel you. But I think that most of the times new couples think that after
the first date, everything that happens next will happen by itself. I think
most of us are just too lazy to understand how fragile feelings are.'

'Okay, but why do we become lazy? What's your opinion?'

'I think the main reason is this. (showing her telephone) I had some romances
and they all ended because there wasn't much to talk about when we met in
person.'

'Let me say that I agree with you. Why you're still using it?'

'I don't know. Because it's normal. The way of living. Don't you use one?'

'Well not much. I hate to have a conversation with people without seeing their
real expressions.'

'But we do spare time with these things?'

'Let's say you do. But is the extra amount of spare time useful then? What if
we use that spare time to be only more productive? Why do you think so many
people feel lonely? It's because of the extra spare time. It's like creating
your own prison cell.'

'I don't think I will understand it completely. Maybe because I never feel
lonely that much.'

'Let me put it this way, have you ever heard someone that said "I have so much
more spare time now", and hear them spending it on going to somewhere else
outside the house or work?'

'I think it depends on who it is.'

'Wow. I guess we had our first discussion here.'

'We did?'

'Shall I ask for the bill?'

'Why?'

'Because it's almost sunset.'

At the beach

After we paid the bill we walked across the street to the beach. The timing
was perfect. The sunset is one of my favourite things to watch that nature has
to offer. And this was actually the first time I spend it with someone else.
We walked on the beach which was almost complete empty. Eventually we sat down
in the sand and watched over the sea. We both were witnessed how the beautiful
sunlight slowly disappeared. Claudia sat between my legs and leaned against my
stomach. I could smell her perfume, her scent, her warmth. For the first time
that day we both didn't say anything for longer than two minutes. She brought
her hands to mine and we touched each other's hands. This was by far the best
day I could remember. For the first time I felt whole.

'You know Claudia, this is the first time in my life that I spend a sunset
with someone.'

'I never spent one together with a boy, alone.'

'Can you hear the waves. Just that sound, it's so peaceful. I think I could
fall asleep right here with you next to me.'

'I never thought that I would feel so great with you Marc. You're really
something.'

'Don't give me too much credit Claudia. (sigh) I'm so glad that I have the
privilege of spending this time with you.'

'How you say it, you're younger than me, but you feel like the most mature
person of my own age I have ever met... ( silence for a few seconds) I think
that I want you to kiss me.'

'I can do that.'

We kissed each other while it was complete dark around us. But still, it felt
like I could see her like in brought daylight. After half an hour at the beach
we continued our journey to where she stayed.

At her apartment

It wasn't that far from where I was staying. Her parents have an apartment in
Del Sol. It was a four person apartment that had every luxury that you would
expect in a normal house. They have an apartment that was on ground floor,
they even have a little yard just apposite the pool. Claudia and I had dinner
together. I already got used to those Spanish eating time's. She made a
delicious meal, but of course I didn't do nothing. I tried to be the best help
she could have but unfortunately I don't really have a cooking gift.

After we watched a movie together in Spanish (with English subtitles for god's
sake) we found a music channel. We opened another bottle of wine and she sang
for me. Her voice was not great of course, but it didn't bother me that much.
When I began to sing it didn't last longer than four or five seconds before
she started to laugh. And she had every reason because I sounded even worse
than Vin Diesel!

'What are we going to do tomorrow?' she asked

'I haven't put a lot of thought in it. Why don't you cook up something. I
don't care where were going. As long as we spend the day together.'

'I know a place.'

Eventually we were laying on the couch. The moon was shining brightly again,
and I acted like I was talking to someone. I am not religious, but sometimes I
just pretend there is someone listening to all of us. Well, we fell asleep and
woke up an hour later. Claudia was laying against me, I had my arm around and
beneath her. Like I wanted to protect her from falling off the couch. My arm
stung but it didn't hurt a lot. But I moved a little and thus she woke up
also.

'Shall we go to bed? I'm really tired.' She said.

'Fine with me. Shall I stay on the couch?

'No, there's room for two?'

I hesitated but I followed her to her bedroom. She undressed and I could see
that she only had panties left and bra before going under the white sheets. I
followed her example and went into bed next to her in my briefs. I put my
hands under my head and tried to catch a glimpse of Claudia.

'Marc, I like you very much. But I...?'

I wasn't expecting her to say anything. I thought she was already asleep.

'I mean, I want this, I mean us to stay like it is. I don't want this to end
like a male's fantasy...'

'Shhh.' I interrupted her. 'You don't owe me an explanation Claudia. I
understand you.'

'Thank you. Good night.'

'Sleep well.'

**This was the fifth day and thus part 5 of my ...Days Wonderful franchise. Two more days to go...**

