### Will I be anyone's Valentine girl? by StellaRomantique

**Date Added:** 2015-02-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Thea was not looking forward to a Valentine's Day alone but neither did she expect that she would have to decide between her past and her future. 

* * *

Another Valentine’s Day was approaching and Thea was dreading the inquisition
from friends and family about the state of her love life. It was not that she
didn’t like her single status but it had been going on for over six months now
since her breakup with Rob. Unlike the romantic stories she loved to read, she
never did get to bump into the handsome guy in the super market queue or at
the cycling club. If they were anything like the one she had just joined which
appeared to promise single fit guys by the dozen, they were so into the latest
wheels, gears and the distances they could complete that it left little time
for any romantic entanglement, even if she’d found any of their bulging Lycra
clad bodies remotely attractive. Perhaps she still was not over Rob, she
thought as images of him in his new life crowded in on her. She pushed them
aside and resigned herself that for this year at least, she was unlikely to be
anyone’s Valentine girl.

Thea waited as the lift door hissed open, stepped inside and pressed the
button for the 18th floor. As it sped upwards she checked her appearance in
the chrome interior to make sure that her oval face was as composed as
possible under the heavy dark fringe for she knew as soon as she entered the
main office someone would ask her what she was doing on the 14th. She pulled a
face; that eye shadow was too pale, she thought and scrabbled into her bag to
retrieve her makeup. The sudden jolt as the lift shuddered to a halt made Thea
drop the lot and the contents scattered onto the floor. She bent down. The
lift door opened and she found herself staring at her reflection in a pair of
highly polished black shoes. ‘Now this is a novel way to start the day’ a deep
voice with a southern twang made her look up. ‘A beautiful woman at my feet is
just what I’ve always wanted, especially on my first day in a new job.’ He
moved his foot so that it stopped the lift from closing to allow Thea time to
collect the shameful debris and stuff it back in her bag before she stood up.

‘Thank you.’ She leaned against the side of the lift as he pressed the 19th
floor button.

‘I see you’re going to the 18th that means we’re practically neighbours.’

Only then did Thea focus on the man in front of her. He was tall with a mass
of artfully gelled black hair and a beard and moustache that were more like
designer stubble than the real thing. He was dressed in a grey suit and with a
white shirt and a dazzling silk tie, he looked every inch the corporate
executive. As a mere trainee, Thea knew she was batting way out of her league.
She smiled in what she hoped was a cheerful manner, ‘Well good luck today and
we’ll probably pass now and then in the lift.’

He held out his hand, ’I’m Matt Arnold.’

At that moment the lift stopped again and the door opened. Matt still held out
his hand. Thea grabbed it, shook it and went to push past but he was standing
right in the entrance. ‘And you are?’

‘Thea…Thea Carmichael and it’s been very nice meeting you but I must go now.’
He stood aside, one hand holding the button which kept the lift doors ajar.
Thea escaped and swiped her key card in the lock to open the doors to the main
office where she worked. It was only when she was safely inside did she dare
to look back. But the doors were now shut and the lift was heading upwards
again. Thea slid into her desk and pulled the keyboard towards her. Her hands
shook as she tapped in her password and her heart was pounding so loud under
her blouse she reckoned the whole building could hear. What was wrong with
her? Coffee! That was what she needed.

She made her way to the small kitchen where the coffee machine was bubbling
away and some of the staff were chatting over their latest exploits in the
dating world. ‘Are you another lady desperate for an extra shot of caffeine
this morning?’ Ebony asked, her long black hair snaking down a willowy back,
which was shown off to perfection in a grey and black panelled shift dress,
dark tights and heels. Thea smoothed down the navy pencil skirt she had found
in a charity shop and made sure her plain white blouse was tucked in before
answering. Somehow Ebony always made Thea feel like a kid in a badly fitting
school uniform, but she was grateful for the coffee and a few minutes chat
before the first meeting of the day was called to order. At least no one had
mentioned Valentine’s Day, yet and she breathed a sigh of relief.

By the time Thea got back to the small flat she called home, the promise of
spring had retreated, a bitter wind was blowing and flakes of snow were
cascading down. The light of the answer machine winked at her. No one except
her mother and her aged aunt ever used the landline any more so she dumped the
bags of shopping on the counter in the galley kitchen and pressed the button
expecting to hear her mother’s breathless account of another foray to the
sales or a request from her aunt to supply her with more cheap paperbacks the
next time she was passing. But it was not their voices she heard. Her knees
buckled beneath her and her stomach churned as she listened to the voice of
her ex. ‘Sorry to contact you like this but your mobile number doesn’t work
and every email I’ve tried bounces back. I called your mum and she gave me
this one. Can you give me a ring sometime soon on my usual number which, if
you’ve forgotten is…?’ As if she could forget.

She played the message again and again, hoping it was some mistake but it
wasn’t. Rob was calling her and she had no idea why. All the pain she had
fought after he had broken her heart came crashing back but tinged this time
with something else and she wasn’t quite sure what the new sensation meant.
She opened a bottle of wine and poured a glass before she dialled his number.
The phone rang once, twice and a third time before it was picked up and Rob’s
unmistakeable voice with the pause and the upward rise at the end of each
sentence answered. ‘Rob Cavanagh.’

‘Hi. It’s me. It’s Thea.’

‘Thea, thanks for getting back to me so soon. You don’t know how much I’ve
missed your voice.’

Thea gulped, and steadied her shaking hand as she held the phone. ‘Are you
well?’

‘Yes. And you?’

‘I’m fine,’ she took a large gulp of wine before continuing, ‘ I’m a trainee
accounts manager for a big firm in the city and I now have a very small flat,
more like a bedsit, overlooking the park, ‘ she babbled on.

‘Well congratulations, that is good news.’

‘What about you? Weren’t you going to be based in the States for the next few
years?’ She waited for his reply. His desire to work abroad had been one of
the factors in their break up. She could remember too the contempt in his
voice when she said she had as much right to a career as he did and his
ridicule of her small salary in comparison with what he could command.

‘Er yes.’ She could hear him take in a deep gulp of air. ‘There was a takeover
and the new parent company did a re shuffle and I was moved back here.
Permanently,’ he added. For a few seconds there was silence before he
continued, ‘I’m working for a charity now. Less money but it feels right.’

‘As long as you’re OK.’ Thea scratched around for something else to say but
there was a limit to the small talk when all she really wanted to ask was why
he’d broken up with her. There was still so much to be said, she realised now.

‘Yeah. Listen, I won’t beat about the bush but I’d like to meet up with you if
you’re not busy. Perhaps we can talk about, well about us… I’ve missed you, I
really have.’

He had missed her! This was what her daydreams on the daily commute had all
been about. She had conjured up so many ways in which they met up again and he
asked her out that she reckoned she could write a whole bookshelf of romantic
fiction. But in place of the anticipated excitement, that same little
sensation like a piece of grit in an open wound niggled at her. She took a
deep breath but the voice that came out was cooler and calmer than she had
expected. ‘I’m sure I can manage a quick drink after work.’

‘I wondered about Saturday. I can get a table at Luigi’s for seven and then we
can have a quiet drink or go onto a club somewhere. What do you think?’

‘But Saturday is Valentine’s Day. Won’t everything be booked up?’

‘Luigi and I go back a long way. He’ll fit me in. What about it?’

After all this time, there was nothing Thea could say except yes and they
arranged for Rob to collect her from her flat at 6.30pm. At least it meant she
would have somewhere to go on Valentine’s Day after all, she thought as she
put down the phone. But something still did not feel right.

Friday morning was always a flurry of activity in the office before close of
business at five. Ebony used to tell them of the old days when Friday was just
one long, lunch hour as everyone left early to start the weekend as soon as
they could. Thea was trawling through some figures when a bunch of flowers
appeared over the top of her cubicle. ‘Who’s a popular girl then?’ Ebony
leaned forward. ‘There’s a card. Open it up. Don’t keep me in suspense.’ Thea
took the bouquet of pink and white roses interspersed with a froth of
gypsophila and tied with a floppy pink bow. She buried her nose in the blooms
and sniffed the heavenly perfume like a garden on a June morning after the
rain. She opened the small envelope and read the print.

_Dear Thea, _

_I’m sorry we haven’t met in the lift again but I wonder if you would be kind
enough to call me on the number below._

_Matt Arnold_

‘So who is it from?’ Ebony’s eyes were practically popping out on stalks as
she craned to get a glimpse of the handwriting.

‘They’re from a friend. He wants me to call him.’

‘Friends don’t buy romantic flowers like that. Are you sure it’s not an early
Valentine?’

Thea shook her head and waited till it was convenient to take a break before
she called the number.

‘Matt Arnold.’

She had forgotten how warm his voice sounded. ‘It’s Thea.’

‘Thea, thanks for calling. I was just wondering what you were doing on Sunday.
There’s a great restaurant that does a real American style brunch and I
wondered if you’d be my guest to try it out? Of course I would ask you on
Saturday night but this weekend I’ve promised to baby sit my niece so that my
brother and his wife can have a real Valentine date together, for once.’ He
sounded nervous, chatting to fill up any spaces.

‘I’d like that,’ she replied before she remembered the date with Rob, ‘But it
might be difficult.’

‘If you’re seeing someone, please forget I ever said anything.’

‘No it’s not that’ she continued. She would call Rob and tell him she couldn’t
make their date. Now she knew what that niggling sensation was; she was over
him and had been for months, if she was honest. It was time to move on and
draw a line in the sand. ‘I just need to rearrange something and it’ll be
fine.’

‘Good. Now I’ve got you logged on my phone, I’ll call you tonight and we can
arrange a place and time to meet. Till tonight.’ He ended the call and Thea
went back to her desk.

‘Doing anything for Valentine’s day?’ one of the girls called out as Thea came
back into the main office.

‘No. I was but I’ve cancelled as I’m having lunch with someone the day after.’
It didn’t matter about being someone’s Valentine girl. The day after was going
to be even more exciting, she thought as she dialled Rob’s number and left a
message cancelling their date.

