### A Peasant from Terrace View 7 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-02-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Layla spends more time with people from her past. 

* * *

**Part 7**

**Please leave ANY feedback you have! I haven't gotten much feedback recently so I don't know whether to continue posting the story or not. If you are interested in more parts, please let me know! **

**Thank you, and please enjoy. **

“How…are you?” Kyle asks me, as if nervously. The very first time we were in
close proximity he never even saw me. No one saw me until Aaron saw me.

“I’m,” I think frantically for an answer. “I’m okay. But I feel like I’ve let
down Mr. Jeffers.”

‘Mr. Jeffers’ rolls off my tongue so easily I almost question who I am. But I
am only confused momentarily, before I realize my rightful place. My rightful
place has always been his subordinate. Aaron is on a much higher level than
myself.

But Kyle seems to be amused by this. He smiles slightly and asks,

“Mr. Jeffers?”

“It’s an old habit,” I answer, still more truthfully than I intend.

“I remember when you two first met. He spoke of you often, although you
weren’t even intimate at the time.”

I feel myself blush furiously and I hate myself for every painful moment of
it. And although I want to ask him all sorts of questions about Aaron and
about his behavior from that time long ago, I know it’s not appropriate of me,
so I stay silent. And now awkward silence prevails in the room. I try to think
of something- _anything_, to break the reign of awkwardness in the room but
all I can think of are lame, generic questions. But after a few additional
moments of the terrible silence, I choose to opt out using one of the lame
questions.

“How did you come to work for Mr. Je- Aaron?” I ask him, putting on an act of
genuine curiosity. Truthfully, I am thinking of what Kyle just revealed and it
brings me back to the stupid old feelings of belonging to and with Aaron
Jeffers. I remember the kid from school, Michael, I think his name was… I
remember the story he told me about the boardwalk psychic and the prediction
that an important girl would enter his life.

I had wanted more than anything for that girl to be me. And although Kyle
answers my question, I don’t hear a single word of his explanation. I’m not
listening at all. I only wanted to break the unbearable silence although my
mind was far away, and remains in that distant place. I am vaguely aware of
Kyle asking me questions about my life, and I am only vaguely aware of my own
answers.

I know, however, for roughly half the questions he asks me, I provide totally
bogus answers. I have no good answers to give him when he asks questions about
my family. I have no idea what they are doing now. I feel as though for once
in my life that I am totally in control of something. Although I don’t know
the exact answers that I supply, I know that I won’t stray _too_ far from the
truth. I am in control of my life right now because I am in _his_ house- in
_his _presence.

For the first time in **years **I feel like I am again part of something
important. I feel like I am once again part of something bigger than myself. I
haven’t felt anything outside my own stupid emotions for years. It seems like
an eternity though.

Kyle has grown into himself, like I have. He was not nearly this attractive
back in high school. But I know the stupid, unjustified arrogance that is
attached to the stipulations of high-schoolers.

And although I can identify with his plight, I also am wearier and more aware
of the males trying to take advantage of the girls starving for attention.

But the men blatantly trying to take advantage of the girls are **not** the
biggest and most terrifying enemy. The men that are “trying” to protect the
victimized girls are the most vicious and scummy of all.

Brad was the man that did this. He “tried” to protect me from all the scumbags
that were supposedly trying to get in my pants. He even described Aaron as a
male that was so full of lust and desire that only the words and actions from
Aaron’s own mouth could disprove my own convinced way of thinking. Which was
ridiculous… especially considering how highly I have always regarded Aaron and
still do. Which means that I totally disregarded my own previous convictions,
which had seemed _so concrete _at the time of their origin. Now I seem so
phony and fake that I have disturbed myself.

I have to shake myself loose of the stupid thoughts encompassing my mind.
Instead of focusing on Aaron (like I always seem to do), I force myself to
look at Kyle and notice how he has changed and grown.

Kyle has dark brown hair, with red undertones. His hair is pulled back into a
ponytail, but I can tell it’s about mid-length and very curly. His eyes are
pale blue and he has a slight “shadow” from the hair on his face. Just
stubble.

I remember from when I dated Aaron all those years ago that Kyle had short
curly hair, something resembling an afro. He was also chubbier than he is now.
And the charming man standing before me is also much better dressed than his
high-school counterpart. He is wearing what remains of a tailored suit. The
sports coat is gone and his button-up is un-buttoned completely, revealing the
white undershirt he is wearing. His pants are black with pin-stripes and his
button-up is also white.

Although I try not to stare, I fail. Although when I look at him guiltily, I
notice he is looking at me, scanning my body for all the changes since long
ago. He has taken longer than I have and when I notice what he is doing, I
look away and blush deeply.

He must notice my embarrassment because he looks out the windows, to the
balcony beyond. Kyle walks through the window-doors onto the balcony beyond
and I follow, sure to keep a certain distance. It was one of the things Brad
beat into me about respect. However, Kyle turns to me and it seems clear that
he wants me to join him against the railing of the balcony. I oblige
gratefully as I take my spot next to him.

“I… I’m sorry I never accepted you back then,” Kyle says. He becomes instantly
bashful and his cheeks even turn slightly pink as he looks away in
embarrassment.

“I’ve never blamed you or anyone else in the town for your opinions. I shared
the same one as you,” I say to him with a smile. He stares back at me in
wonder, as if hanging on my ever word. To help me from losing my nerve, I look
out at the house (Aaron’s former residence) behind the main mansion, the few
remaining lights glowing softly in the darkness of the night.

“I’ve always felt as if I have never deserved his love,” I say softly.

“But… if he professes his feelings for you, isn’t that view the same as
calling him a liar?” I stare at him in awe. “If you feel that you are unworthy
of his love, you are practically admitting to complete disregard of Aaron’s
analysis. If he finds you worthy of his company, he will keep you in it. He
isn’t as nice or accommodating as you believe he is, he doesn’t allow people
he doesn’t find worthy to be in his presence.”

Although I knew this deep-inside myself all along, I didn’t want to
acknowledge such a thing. Although Aaron was much smarter than to keep dead-
weight or traitors in his midst, I have trouble grasping the fact that he
judges individuals to deem their worthiness. Aaron never seemed like the kind
of person who makes such tyrannical judgments. But the fact is that I haven’t
known Aaron for almost 10 years. He is probably completely different now than
he was back when I knew him intimately.

My eyes drift to the garden next to the house Elaina and Rob now inhabit.

And I smile as I remember the days that I used to spend with Aaron in that
house. I remember the scent of the flowers in the spring as we strolled
through the garden. I remember the nights I spent there, worrying about him,
bargaining in on him and yelling at him, the nights we spent kissing. I
remember it all and I smile at how wonderful and blissful my past was with him
as an active role in my life. I remember my family with nostalgia. I remember
how my relationship with my brother improved due to our similar devotion to
Aaron (with different motivation and origins though).

I haven’t spoken to my brother in 3 years. Or my parents.

“You’re right,” I say softly, dropping my gaze from the house and garden
behind us to the main back deck to our right. I can’t help but think of the
day Aaron fell off that balcony, the recording readily available on YouTube at
the time. I remember the day Aaron was brought into his house by his sisters
and his employees. He was so upset over Mira at the time.

“I didn’t even see that,” I say bashfully. “I couldn’t see anything past my
own nose,” I admit. “I guess I was so caught up with Aaron that everything had
to suffer because of it. Even Aaron himself. At times losing him was scarier
than anything and it clouded all my other judgment.” And although I don’t
admit it out loud, I know that losing him was scarier than any nightmare I
could imagine for myself because I would have to be without. It wasn’t pure,
mature love. My love was an infatuation in which I would do anything for him
without consulting or considering his true feelings if they conflicted with my
ultimate objective.

And that was the truth- and the downfall of our relationship.

Because of this, I hesitate to even think about considering a new relationship
with Aaron Jeffers. Although I am frightened and weary of being alone in his
presence, I am quadruple-fold more terrified to consider a relationship with
him because I am anxious I will become besotted again.

“Don’t worry,” Kyle says, adding a charming smile. I stare back in awe. “We
all have the same worries and we all felt the same way as you at first.” I try
to close my mouth but it refuses to obey. I tilt my head in confusion. “We all
questioned our validity against Aaron’s.”

I nod, mouth still hanging slightly open in awe. He describes the turmoil so
eloquently.

“But you shouldn’t ever do that,” he says with a smile. “No one would ever
match up to him.”

I laugh.

I can’t help but laugh from the pure bluntness and truthfulness.

“You’re right,” I say softly. I ponder everything that has been said but
decide to move forward in the conversation to alleviate the awkward pauses.
“So how have things been for you? You like working for Aaron now?”

Kyle tells me that he went to Penn State and became friends with Rob, which
re-introduced Rob with the Jeffers family. This gave birth to Elaina and Rob’s
romance. They got engaged, and then married. I briefly remember hearing about
the marriage, either through social media or invitation. Knowing sweet Elaina,
she had invited me… the memory hits me like a concrete wall and I find my
pulse and respiration rate increase.

I remember the wedding invitation. I received the invitation when Brad and I
had broken up for the 4083rd time. He had found the invitation and I had to
explain to him the connection between Elaina and me. I had never been honest
with him from the start about Aaron, about how much I _really_ had loved
Aaron. But that was my fault. It seeded deception and suspicion in my
relationship with Brad, which was already _crawling_ with thoughts of deceit
from his end.

I had jumped into a relationship full of my own doubts and disbelief into a
relationship with a partner who was full of the exact things I had been. But
the doubts and disbelief from Brad turned into abuse- both physical and
mental.

And now I can’t help but wonder what kind of grief the manifestation of my
thoughts and feelings caused for Aaron. So instead of having words, I look
from Kyle’s handsome face and pale blue eyes up into the nighttime sky, hoping
for some inspiration. I find none as I continue to stare upwards hopefully.
Kyle’s voice pierces the night.

“I still regret my efforts to separate you and Aaron. Only now in my
experience and knowledge of relationships do I understand how advanced yours
was. I can do nothing now but pray the spark reignites.” Although his words
touch my soul and make my stomach flip, I know better than to hope or pray for
a reunion with Aaron. He will always be better off than attached to me- an
anchor that continually weighs down his brilliant, buoyant soul.

I look up at him and give him a smile.

“And for Aaron’s sake, I am grateful your efforts were successful. I did
nothing but cause him more problems.”

Although Kyle looks even more upset than before, I give him a smile and excuse
myself for bed, knowing that I will provide nothing but bitter reality and the
remains of the self-resentment I have carried for so long.

