### A Peasant from Terrace View 8 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-02-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Layla and Aaron get more one-on-one time 

* * *

**Part 8**

**THANK YOU so much for the feedback!!! I have recieved enough interest to keep the story going and I love to hear any comments or thoughts from my readers!! Thank you to those of you that have been reading and keeping up with the story from the beginning. It really means a lot to me. Please let me know of any thoughts/comments, and as always, please enjoy. **

I return to the room which I was granted for the night, and I lie in the bed,
trying desperately to casually drift off to sleep. But I have no luck. I get
up and get dressed in shorts a tank-top. Before I can take off my bra, I get
lazy and lie on the bed again. Still no luck. I stare at the darkened ceiling
for a long while. I lose track of time and grow restless and roll onto my
side. The light from the window shines in my eyes.

_The light from the window?! _I open my eyes to the brilliant full moon.

And as if I am a magnet attracted to oppositely charged items, I find myself
pressed against the window, staring at the beautiful moon.

Although I usually only smoke when I’m drunk or hung-over, I also smoke to
calm down and help me sleep. I consider this a good option. If I think any
longer about Aaron or Terrace View or the pathetic condition of my life I will
surely throw myself out the window. It’s all driving me crazy!!

I put on a robe and the slippers again and grab the pack of cigarettes from my
purse. There is a lighter in the pack. I leave the room and head for the back
porch, using my old knowledge to guide me. A little more than a week ago I
only had a few simple worries.

My biggest worry was which bar I would visit in order to keep my website
running. _Shit! My website! _I make a mental note to leave an apology and
update for the site. I will make something up that sounds good. My followers
will forgive me. Also, it’s gaining attention, which both excites me but makes
me quite nervous. I think about school. I’m only taking a few classes this
semester. When the website began to gain a bit of popularity I dropped a class
to maintain it.

_Great._ Now I’m thinking about my current, shitty life _in addition _to my
thoughts about Aaron and my old life. I approach the back porch without begin
seen and open the door. It’s unlocked. They do have nighttime security
workers, after all. Ever since Hudson Kane tried to get his revenge on the
family, the Jeffers have had 24-hour security detail. They have their share of
enemies too.

Outside it is slightly windy, which makes my instantly cold. I hug the robe to
me tighter, but it occasionally flies up with the wind and my legs are
momentarily frozen. There is soft lighting on the back porch and the light of
the moon makes everything very visible. I approach the railing on the edge of
the porch and lean down on it, pulling out my cigarettes and lighter. I block
the wind with a hand while trying to light the cigarette with the other. I
manage somehow to get it lit and I take a drag.

I enjoy inhaling the smoke and letting it out slowly, watching it blow away
instantly with the wind. Although his old house, and our old life memories are
right in front of me, I avoid looking out past the ground directly below the
porch. I stay certain to ignore the fountain that Aaron fell into during his
dad’s anniversary party. I watched it online with horror, and have never been
able to forget it. There were so many times that I felt deep horror and
concern for his wellbeing. And there were a few times I thought I saw a
similar emotion on his face too for my health.

But all those things were from long ago. I take another drag and look up at
the stars. I hear a soft noise and jump a little, turning around. I gasp and
get further frightened from a figure. But I realize quickly that it’s _him._
It’s Aaron. My heartrate increases and I get nervous instantly. How pathetic.
I haven’t been this nervous over a guy since… well since Aaron back in high
school.

He approaches slowly but when he’s close enough he gives me a smile.

“Sorry I startled you,” he says.

“It’s fine,” I say with a laugh.

“Can’t sleep?” he asks.

“I can’t,” I say, looking down and feeling my cheeks burn. I’m still not used
to blushing so regularly and I try to calm down quickly. So I take another
drag.

“I meant to ask but I didn’t want to pry, since when do you smoke?” he asks
inquisitively.

“It’s only on occasion. And being unable to sleep is one such occasion.”
_Being drunk is another._

“I see.” Aaron is now next to me and I can see his dark eyes in the moonlight,
they focus on me. I stare back, feeling my stomach flip again and again.

“Did you and Kyle get to talk?” he asks casually, glancing out towards the
garden and his old house.

“Yes,” I say softly, thinking back to our talk and the realization (of the
obvious) that took place. I drop my gaze down again and realize that my
cigarette has gone out. I drop my hand too, and I see Aaron look at me in my
peripherals.

“What happened?” he asks with concern.

“Huh?” I look up at him, confused.

“You look sad. Did he upset you?”

“No! No. It’s nothing like that, I just…”

He waits silently, looking at me expectantly. I sigh.

“We talked a little about the past.” I am terrible at lying to him.

“The past upsets you?” Aaron asks, looking concerned again.

“No,” I say with a tiny smile. “I just miss it sometimes… you know?” I give
him a larger smile and he watches me closely.

“Yeah,” he says, once again averting his gaze to the garden. “I do know.”

I blush furiously and look at my feet.

“But, not this part of the past,” Aaron says, and I look up at him. He gives
me a half-smile and looks down at his hurt foot. I can’t help but smile a
little too although I still feel awfully guilty.

“And that must be the worst part to repeat,” I say softly.

“Not really. At least, not all of it.” He meets my eyes and my mouth falls
open a little. I feel my neck and cheeks get incredibly hot and we both look
away again. I feel like the tension between us is practically unbearable but I
wonder if it’s all in my head. It usually is. I have to break the tension
somehow.

“How does it feel?” I ask, glancing at his foot. “Are you unable to sleep
because the pain?” I am horrified that might be the truth, but he looks over
and gives me a quick smile.

“No, it feels fine. That isn’t the reason why I can’t sleep,” he answers
softly. I don’t want to meddle so I don’t inquire further as to the reason of
his insomnia.

I look up at him. He is looking out into the darkness. His profile is so
handsome. I think I might stress-sweat from how gorgeous he is. He is now an
older, slightly larger and slightly more built version of his high school
self. His dark red hair is still wild and untamed and while I stare he runs a
hand through his hair, mussing it. He looks down at me, and I feel myself
blush deeply when I am met with his beautifully dark eyes. I know the redness
on my cheeks must be painfully obvious and visible but I don’t avert my eyes.

My heartrate increases when we gaze at each other, neither of us backing down.

“I’m sorry… about everything,” he says, his voice now little louder than a
whisper. “I was young and stupid and ignorant of real love. You put up with so
much from me and when it came time to reciprocate, I couldn’t. I was a lousy
excuse for a boyfriend and I had stupidly convinced myself of things that
weren’t true. I can’t stop thinking of how you must have struggled ever since
you met me. I’ve made everything in your life so difficult ever since that
point.”

I laugh. I laugh and laugh. Although I try to keep my laugh quiet and reserved
Aaron looks at me, puzzled. He seems unable to understand the cause of my
laughter.

“I’m sorry for laughing, but what you said is total bullshit.” He looks
surprised and I continue. “Everything that happened, all my struggles, have
always been because of _me._ Because I am the way I am. But when I was with
you, am with you… _being_ with you has no comparison. It’s without a doubt
when I am the happiest.” I look up at him and we make eye contact before I
realize what I said.

“Oh but, b-but I mean that for friendly interactions,” I say, trying to avoid
any awkward tension that my pervious statement might cause. My blush continues
to burn painfully strong.

“I understand,” he says softly, with a smile. I melt. I am a puddle. His
soothing tone and his warm, radiant smile have collectively reduced me into a
stupid puddle of muteness and helplessness.

We stand next to each other in silence for a few extended moments before Aaron
turns to me.

“I have a request,” he says. I want to tell him that I will grant him any
request for one of his smiles in return, but I remind myself to stop being so
forward or I will put myself and Aaron in a terribly awkward position.

“Yes?” I ask.

“I would really like it if you stayed another day. I want to spend a little
more time with you before you leave. Is that okay?”

“But…Brownie,” I say softly.

“I can call your landlord again. He knows me by now.” Aaron adds a smile and I
almost swoon but I avert my eyes to stare at the railing. I want to say no. I
want to get out of here before I allow myself to completely fall back into my
old life. I know it would all just be a delusion to start believing everything
can be okay again. Aaron makes me believe that I didn’t burn bridges. He makes
me believe that it would be okay for me to go back to leading a happy life
full of people who once loved me. But I can never go back and I will never be
the same, my website serves as proof.

“I…” I look up at him again when I start to answer but he gives me a smile and
cuts me off.

“It’s okay, really. Just forget I asked. You can leave tomorrow whenever you
want. You should get some sleep. Good night, Layla.”

“You too,” I say, still in a daze. He begins to limp away. I notice while he
walks away how handsome he is. He is wearing pajama pants, his leg still
wrapped but with slightly less bandaging. I can see his muscles under his
shirt as he uses his crutches to leave. And while he is headed towards the
house I get hit with a gust of wind and smell his scent so clearly. It feels
like someone punches me in the stomach. I can barely breathe.

I know that if I leave tomorrow morning like I had intended, I would be able
to resume my old life of misery without _too_ much agony. Or rather- the agony
would be bearable. Separating myself from him now will only be helpful. It is
the best choice. But the yearning to be around him for a little longer is so
strong I can hardly fight it. Dragging out our time together will only
increase the hurt after he is gone.

…And I know this, so why are my feet moving towards him?! Why does it feel
like someone else has captured my body and moved it according to my deepest
desire?

“Aaron,” I say softly, putting my hand on his arm. _What are you doing?!?_

He looks back at me, slight surprise on his face.

“If it’s not too much trouble, may I stay here tomorrow… for a while?” Stupid.
So stupid. That sentence didn’t even make sense. But while I am berating
myself for sounding uneducated, Aaron gives me a smile and it freezes my
entire being. My stomach shrivels and I can’t move a single muscle. His smile
is stunning and magnificent and I could live my entire life replacing the sun
with _that_ smile. I stare up at him dumbly while he looks at me kindly.

“Please do. I’ll see you tomorrow, then,” he says. I nod and repeat the last
thing he says back to him and he nods at me quickly before heading inside.
Other than letting my hand drop to my side, I stand stock-still, staring at
the empty space that my one and only hero had so recently inhabited.

** **

