### Two Days Wonderful by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-02-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** "But I would like to tell you how beautiful you're blue eyes are looking at my direction when I look the other way. I like the way you hold me when we dance.. but promise me you'll never sing again." 

* * *

I woke up a few minutes passed nine in the morning. I could hear that someone
was already in the shower. I didn't have much experience with cooking, but I
wanted to surprise her. So I stepped out of bed and walked towards the
kitchen. I first looked in the refrigerator and found some slices of bacon. I
really hoped that she had some eggs around here, because I'm only successful
with improvising during my auditions. It didn't take me long to find eggs, the
kitchen wasn't that big. So I grabbed a frying pan and did some butter in it
before putting a few slices of bacon in it. I was surprised to find out that
Claudia already went to the bakery for bread. So I put on two plates one
croissant. After three minutes I put three eggs in the frying pan.

By now I heard a voice coming from the bathroom. Maybe I was a little harsh on
Claudia yesterday. Because now I really enjoyed her singing a song. But I was
cooking, so I had to concentrate or else I would screw up. Before she turned
off the shower, I put on two mugs filled with milk on the table. I had already
put two pieces of bread on the plates when I heard Claudia putting on clothes.
By now, my "uitsmijter" was ready to be served. (Uitsmijter is a popular Dutch
dish).

I cut the whole piece in two and put it on the bread that was already on the
plate's. Afterwards I put salt and pepper on table and a fork and knife. I was
for the first time proud of my cooking work. Claudia entered the living room
and we both had the same look. She was surprised that I made her breakfast and
I??? I couldn't be more lucky waking up next to such an angel this morning.
This morning she did wear a little make-up. I saw black eye liner and she had
red lipstick on her lips. Her hair was still moist and I could smell her
lovely perfume, jasmine.

'Did you make this for me?', she asked politely.

'Well, I hope you like it. I never did it before.'

'It looks great Marc. What is it?'

'It's what we call in the Netherlands a uitsmijter.'

'A what? autsmijt√©r?

'Uit-smijt-er.'

'Autsmijter.'

'Close enough for me. Let's eat before it gets cold.'

'Thank you.'

'You should wait until you tried it. Maybe you don't like it.'

She liked it very much. Claudia looked so cute and was eating so mannered.
Compared to her, I thought to look more of a dwarf when eating. It was
probably the reason why I was done eating so much earlier.

'So you know a place to go for today?' I asked while I began dishwashing.

'Yes, but that's a secret. It's a place named after a flower.' She began to
help me.

'Roses.' I answered.

'Huh. How did you know?'

'Well, I really just made a guess.'

Roses

So we left Estartit to spend the day in Roses. Also a village like Estartit.
It was more to the North and closer to the French border. I knew the place
because it's a stop where our touring car stopped earlier before we arrive in
Estartit. Claudia owned her own car which was a Yellow Seat Ibiza. She drove
like she was doing try-outs for Formula one, I totally enjoyed that. Me
myself, well I'm a decent driver, but it's not my favourite thing to do. Since
she did like to drive, it was easy to decide that she was going to drive to
Roses.

We parked at Avenue de Rhode, in front of Hotel Risech. We went to the centre
to get me some extra clothes, so that I had something to change into for the
beach. Of course I could have gotten my own clothes from my apartment, but we
spend so much fun finding slippers yesterday, we thought let's do it again.
Behind her car I changed into my new swimming trunks and dumped the rest of my
clothes in the back of her car.

We ate lunch at Chiringuito TOKS Roses. We we're enjoying the view and talked
about everything. The one thing we didn't talk about was our sex lives. I told
her I had no experience with relations and I got to know that she had a two
years long relation that ended a year ago. On the beach, I massaged her back
with sun lotion. She didn't need though, but I had nothing else with me to
proof that I could massage quite well. Eventually she massaged me and when I
turned around it was like I was dreaming. Imagine this, a beautiful blue sky,
sunlight, joyful sounds from everywhere from everyone and such a great lady
that I was looking at. She put on my sunglasses and gave me a kiss.

'We should spend the night here, together.' I said suddenly.

'You mean it. Are you making a joke?'

'If you can rent a hotel room, doesn't matter much how expensive, then I will
contact the boys.'

'You really want to do this?'

'Claudia, I want to enjoy every moment we can possibly have. So it's up to
you.'

She kissed me again and told me to text 'the boys.' Which I did. Claudia knew
someone who was related to a hotel manager in this village. In ten minutes it
was settled. We stayed for another few hours on the beach. We swam together
(even if it only happened because I threw her in the water), walked together,
in short it was a great time together. Eventually when we we're both dried up
we decided to find a restaurant to eat.

At the restaurant

Our eyes fell on a little and cosy looking restaurant with the name Ribereta.
It was already 7 p.m. when I ordered a Corona with a full pot of Sangria with
two glasses. I liked to drink a Corona with at the same time a bit Sangria. In
Holland we usually do this with a bottle of beer together with a jagermeister
in one of those glasses specially made for that liqueur. It was very crowded
on the boulevard and also on the terrace. Roses was just like Estartit a huge
tourist area.

'I still don't get it why you drink two complete different kind of alcoholic
drinks at the same time.' Claudia said.

'Well, it's a little tradition I guess. Don't you have some tradition.. which
you're sure of I would think is a little odd?'

'I must say, at this moment there isn't anything that comes into my mind. But
please, explain yours.'

'It's a family thing. isn't that boring at this time of the day?'

'oh, no, please explain, handsome.'

'Wait.. what did you... never mind.' (both laughing) 'Every Saturday when the
work is done. The family gets together and we celebrate the weekend with a few
drinks. And mostly it's a normal drink with a little drink. With little drink
I mean a drink you normally drink as a shot, like Jagermeister.'

'Every Saturday?'

'Well most of the Saturdays. It really keeps the family together.'

'We don't really have a tradition like that. But it sounds great.' Claudia
looked at me while I was distracted by a thought. 'What are you thinking
about?' she asked

'You.. I thought about how it would be when you would be there at such a
Saturday, for the first time.'

'Aah, that's sweet.'

'It's not fair that we can't be together after tomorrow, is it?'

'You're absolutely right. This last two days are magical to me.'

'One last night, almost a shame we didn't spent the whole week.'

'I'm glad we decided to stay here the night. I was thinking, since it's our
last night ever, we need something special.'

'I agree with you, what were you thinking about?'

'Maybe, a special bottle of wine. Two bottles. One that we'll drink, and the
other we'll keep for ourselves.'

'Sounds great, but why keep to ourselves.'

'You keep one and I. And if we ever meet again, we'll drink the other.'

'Great idea.'

'I thought so. Let's make it the best night possible.'

'But Claudia, I never had a real Spanish diner. And I don't want to have spent
a fourth vacation here and still haven't had Spanish food for diner.'

'What do you like?'

'You may choose. As long there's meat in it, you have my blessings. I don't
like fish that much.'

'Do you trust me?'

'Absolutely.'

'Okay, then I will choose for the both of us. A couple's meal or something
like that.'

'Sounds wonderful. Surprise me.'

So Claudia ordered for diner and she did surprise me. As promised, there was
no fish included. She later explained to me that she also preferred meat above
fish but also explained that she normally didn't eat much meat either. It was
delicious I must add. When I asked what it was, she told me that it was
Spanish stew. I didn't know what stew meant, so she had to explain it to me.
But there was meat, potatoes and paprika's included with a lot more. I
definitely had a new favourite meal. I ordered another Corona and we finished
both the Corona and the Sangria at the same time.

We walked towards the coastline and enjoyed another sunset together before we
were making out again. When the sun was disappeared completely, we walked to
her car. Of course she drunk a few sangria's, but we didn't have to drive far,
after one mile we were at our Hotel for the night. After she parked her car,
we went to a local Supermarket and bought three bottles of wine. One for this
evening, and the other two were for home. For if we ever would meet again. The
two bottles for home we put in her car while the other one was put into our
cooler.

We decided to spend the first part of the evening downstairs in the Hotel
restaurant/cafe. They had a Karaoke evening we found out very soon. While
Claudia went to the toilet, I arranged that she would do the next performance.
So when she came back she was surprised that she had to perform. Even more
that she had to do her favourite song. As I said, I remember everything. I
read her lips when she was asked to come to the stage. She said: "I'll get you
back later." So it wasn't a big surprise that I had to do a performance when I
returned with two drinks. I performed Greatest day by Take That. One of my
favourite songs. When it was ten minutes passed eleven, we decided to go back
to our room.

In our hotel room

After a while, I was standing on the balcony facing the beautiful night sky.
It's almost hard to believe that during these days, everything was so perfect.
The wind was blowing gently through my hair. The moon was enlightening the
Mediterranean sea while I could hear the waves breaking on shore. Claudia also
made her way to the balcony but I didn't turn around. She stopped right next
to me. It's unbelievable that the both of us haven't known each other for more
than five days. I never felt so attracted to someone else and I was doubting
it would ever happen again. She placed one hand on mine and we were both
enjoying the view. It felt like we were two soul mates. But maybe I was just
overreacting, I didn't care. We both grabbed our glass of wine which I put on
the balustrade. We turned towards each other.

'Shouldn't we do a toast or something before we take our first zip?' she
asked.

'Okay,.. I think I have one. To the seven wonderful days that we will carry in
our memories for the rest of our life's. To the future and all the good that
is ahead of us. To this beautiful angel with her perfect smile... Well.. How
was it?'

(Claudia laughed) 'Well, not bad', she said in her nice Spanish accent
English. 'What?'

'Now it's your turn', I answered.

'Oh, no. You already did a great toast.'

'You won't get away that easy, come on, just think of something. Start with
the moon, or the sea or a glass of wine. You can do this!'

'Okay, but don't laugh at me.'

'Promised..'

'I really don't know where to begin. (before I could say anything) But I would
like to tell you how beautiful you're blue eyes are looking at my direction
when I look the other way. I like the way you hold me when we dance.. but
promise me you'll never sing again. To the person who is changing my life with
his icy blue eyes. Even though we are clearly impossible to be together for
long, it's been amazing for five days long and it's not fair that tomorrow,
this all will be gone..'

'That wasn't really a toast, was it?' I said

'I think that I have to break our rules?'

'What do you mean? I mean which one? Did we have those?'

'I'm falling in love with you...'

I sighed and bowed my head so I looked at the ground. Then I slowly looked up
again. 'I love you also.'

Claudia put her arms around my neck while I placed mine at her back keeping
each other close to each. We looked in each other's eyes and we began making
out with each other. It felt a lot more intense than the first time in
Rockefellers. I don't know for sure since my eyes were closed, but this could
have looked a lot like a scene from one of those stereotype romance movies.

Since we began our romantic journey we promised to keep it an innocent
relation without having sexual intercourse. Claudia felt like it would become
a standard male-fantasy and to me it didn't really matter that much anyway.
There was so much more that I experienced that you don't have during an one or
two night stand. The second thing we didn't want to, was falling in love with
each other. After tomorrow we would probably never see each other again.

We opened our eyes at the same time and let each other go. Accidently I pushed
my glass of wine of the balustrade. Below us was a street and after I checked
that it didn't fell on someone's head I let go a deep sigh. Filled with
adrenaline Claudia asked if I wanted to have a zip of wine from her glass. I
didn't reject her offer since we both picked this one to drink during the
evening. It was already half passed ten in the evening when I went inside to
get another glass. Damn those cheap hotels. I couldn't find another wineglass
in the kitchen and asked myself where the hell Claudia found the other two. So
after three minutes or so, I simply decided to ask her and give up my search.
I entered the sleeping room and stopped immediately when I looked at the
entrance to the balcony. Claudia stood there in the doorway in her stunning
purple nighty. It was made of thin satin, it was a sight that made me wonder
if I was dreaming. I coughed once and cursed myself. Why can't I move?

'You know what I told you yesterday?'

'Uhh, almost about everything. Can you be more specific?' I tried to sound
normal. I was already glad I didn't stammered it out.

'I made up my mind.' she said. I was unsure, did I forget something? 'I want
you.' she whispered in her sexy Spanish accent.

The Marc from day seven was back at it again. I could have jumped on her but
no... I answered with: 'You want me to what?' Of course that was the same
reason why Claudia liked me.

'I want you to make love to me.' She said the words so easy. That made me know
that she really wanted it. And knowing her a little, I knew that I shouldn't
waste more words. I stripped out of my shirt while she walked towards me.

I couldn't get my arms fast enough around her while our mouths met with
fervor. I roamed my hands up and down her back and then over her backside.
Eventually I placed my fingers under her shoulder straps. With a little
hesitation I peeled of her nighty in one probably slow movement. She was just
standing in her black bra and matching panties while she took off my shirt
which left me standing in my shorts. She unbuckled my belt while I unzipped my
zipper. Then in one fast movement she squatted and pulled down my shorts
leaving me standing in my dark blue briefs while she stood up again. Our
bodies and mouths met again before I lifted her up and put her on bed. She
pulled me forward by my neck.

This made me remember her asking me what we would do the last night. I said we
should make the best of it. Well, I am definitely sure that we made the best
night we could possibly have of our last one together...

**This was the sixth day and thus part 6 of my ...Days Wonderful franchise. One more day to go...**

