### Rulers of Terrace View 31** by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-02-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Temporary update for the original story... 

* * *

**Part 31**

**I am posting another section of Rulers of Terrace View because the story is growing and I would love to know any comments/questions from my readers! Please let me know any thoughts! Thank you, and please enjoy. **

When I finally come back to my senses I can’t even move. I can barely think
and I try desperately to lose consciousness again. _The pain_. I can’t cry or
scream but I feel my face cringe. Even moving my face hurts. Now I understand
how Aaron felt when he opened his eyes after the crash, his pain was
nauseating to even just view. I manage to open my eyes a little.

My head and neck hurt the worst, followed by my abdomen and the intense pain
radiating from my shoulder. I am vaguely aware of sore hands and feet. I don’t
hear any beeping or machines. I don’t think I’m in a hospital. My vision
focuses and I see the room better. Gold-trimmed wallpaper, plush dark carpet.
This is a room in one of the houses on the Jeffers estate. I would know that
style from anywhere- elegant, expensive.

I try to lift my head to look around better but the pain spikes to a new
record high and I groan.

“Oh my, Layla!” although she says this quietly, she sounds frantic. “How do
you feel, do you need anything, should I go get the nurse?” I look over to
Sadie, looking at me with concern. She is sitting next to the bed I inhabit. I
open my mouth but she cuts me off.

“What do you need? Water?” she looks at me expectantly. I shake my head and
she is silent for a moment, a look of concentration on her pretty face. Then
she realizes, there is a light in her eye.

“You want Aaron.” She says this more like an accusation than a statement.
Regardless of this, I nod carefully and slightly.

“Believe me, if he could be here right now he would be.”

“Could?!” I ask, now panicking. My voice sounds terrible, scratchy and foreign
and I pay a price for speaking as bolts of white hot pain shoot through my
head and I wince.

“Oh shoot, sorry,” she says. “I didn’t mean to frighten you. He’s fine, just a
little run-down and a little beat up. He should be in soon.” When she says the
words ‘beat up’ my stomach drops and now I have nausea to add to my steadily
increasing list of ailments. “He’s nowhere near as beat up as you,” she says
sadly.

I let out a little sigh of relief. There is movement in the room and we both
look over. I look too fast and cry out a little in pain.

“Layla!” Sadie cries in concern.

“Layla? Sweetie?” It’s my mom. _Oh, joy the family is here._

“Honey, how do you feel?” My dad. I see my parents and Max approach the bed.
Sadie moves towards the side of the bed and I feel the bed raise up so I am
angled, like a hospital bed. I wonder if this belonged to their mom at one
point and shudder a little.

I realize now for the first time that the arm attached to my hurt shoulder is
in some sling-contraption thing with straps holding my arm in place against my
body. I have IV fluids being fed into my other arm and I feel gauze around my
neck now. I notice gauze also around my wrists from the rope wounds.

“Okay,” I answer, knowing my lie is super transparent.

“I’ll get a nurse,” Sadie says. “You could use some pain meds.”

She leaves quickly and for a while no one says anything.

“Layla, sweetie, what were you doing?”

“A… walk,” I force out.

“I told you that’s what she said!” Max cuts in.

“Didn’t you have your cell phone?”

“…did,” I answer, nodding. They all look at each other. Guess my cell phone is
gone forever.

Now that I focus and look closely at my parents, they look exhausted, the
worry lines in their faces more pronounced. I’ve obviously made everyone worry
with my idiocy.

“Sorry.” It’s all I can say. My mom bursts into tears and my dad holds her.
This sucks. _Why_ am I such an idiot?

Sadie enters again with a nurse and my mom manages to pull herself together
somehow. The nurse is pretty and I recognize her from here. She has helped the
Jeffers out many times before. She approaches my bed and gives me a pretty
smile.

“Hi Layla,” she says sweetly.

“Hi,” I respond.

“Let’s give you something to help the pain go away.” I give her a smile and
she returns it.

Then she focuses on something next to my bed, and the IV fluid bags. She does
a few adjustments on the machines and the equipment and then nods at me.

“You should start to feel better soon. If you don’t feel better in 20 minutes
have Sadie come get me again.”

“Thanks,” I say genuinely.

She smiles and puts her hand on my free hand. I return the smile and she
leaves but when she opens the door, she reveals more visitors. It’s the rest
of the Jeffers family. Everyone except him. I ache for him. And although I
can’t help but be disappointed that he isn’t with them, I am so happy they are
here. And I don’t know how, or what happened, but Elaina is with Cooper,
looking healthy other than some scratches and bruises. Even Kim is with them.

They all enter and I smile at them through the pain.

“Layla!”

They look grief-stricken at the sight of me.

“I’m so sorry, you must be so upset we pulled Layla into this,” he begins to
apologize but I know he is wrong immediately and attempt to shake my head.
Instead I wince. This still catches everyone’s attention.

“My choice,” I say with difficulty.

“What our daughter is trying to say is that she feels like she has made the
choices that have brought her here.” My parents can be pretty cool sometimes.

I look at Cooper and he looks over at me too. We make eye contact and I give a
tiny smile. He smiles back fully and it’s painful how much he reminds me of
Aaron.

“I wish none of this ever happened,” Cooper says, sounding exacerbated. “Are
you sure I can’t get you guys anything?” he asks my family.

“Actually,” my dad says. “I could use a beer.”

“_James_,” my mother says.

“What?” he asks her shrugging.

“No, that’s great! A beer, anything else?” Cooper asks them, looking
hopefully.

“I’ll take a coke,” my brother says.

“Sure thing! What about you, Lori?” Cooper asks. So they’ve met already.
_Great_. My mother smiles at him.

“Coffee, I guess.”

“Great, sure. Okay, I’ll get someone.”

“Layla, do you want some water?” Sadie asks me. I realize I am actually very
thirsty and nod carefully. She gives me a smile and grabs a glass of water
next to the bed. The water feels good and cool and somehow invigorating.

I don’t notice when Cooper gets back or when the conversation around me
starts. I am not paying attention to anything right now. I want to pout and
refuse to exist until I get to see Aaron. Instead I space out until I see
everyone around me looking at me now. I am confused.

“We were wondering if the pain meds are helping,” Sadie says to me softly. And
I realize, for the first time that they _are_ helping. Although they have only
been effective for a few minutes, I already feel a lot better, my pain dulled.
Whatever the nurse did worked well. I wonder what they’re giving me. But
before I can even let them know the efficacy, I can tell _he’s_ here. I sense
him before he’s even to the room yet.

But moments later the doors fly open and it’s Aaron. Well, technically it’s a
few people, but most importantly, Aaron. My stomach drops. He’s more beat up
than Sadie let on. He has a black (and bloodshot) eye and a big cut on his
gorgeous face. He’s in his wheelchair, and his bad leg doesn’t have the boot
anymore, it’s wrapped with ACE bandages again now. He also has bandaging
around his upper arm, the one with the bad wrist (which actually no longer has
a brace on it and now looks fine). But the bandaging around his arm looks
heavy. He is wearing a short sleeved shirt that reveals the white bandaging
covering from elbow to shoulder. He’s leaning on the other armrest, his head
resting on the hand of his non-injured arm. He is also wearing what seems to
be thin pajama bottoms over a pair of athletic shorts. The bottoms are bunched
up above the bandages on his right leg.

The worst of all is how his face looks, a mirror of what he is feeling. Aaron
looks so run-down it appears he could lose consciousness at any moment. He
looks exhausted and in pain but I think he is also slightly drugged up too.
His dark eyes look a little glazed and his auburn hair is mussed. We make eye
contact and I see his breathing grow faster and deeper, his chest moving with
each breath. We look at each other with extreme concern. I think for a moment
that he will cry. But his eyes stay dry. Whoever is taking care of him right
now pushes the chair over to me. I don’t bother to see who else is around him.
I notice only while he is on his way over that everyone else previously
surrounding me has left. I don’t even know where they went, not that I
particularly care right now. Right now, I only see him. I look back into the
dark abyss that are his eyes.

“Aaron,” I whisper, tears filling my eyes. He looks upset too, like he is
choking back tears himself. His escort has left now too. We are alone. He
struggles to speak.

“I’m… I’m so sor-” I cut him off by launching my body toward him. I don’t even
feel any pain when I’m in his presence. He catches me easily with his good arm
and I plant my lips on his while tears flow down my face. I make sure to mind
his injuries but he doesn’t seem to notice anything but me. I pull back and
blush, still crying.

“I’m s-s-so stu-upid, I’m so s-s-sorry I g-gave them levera-a-age,” I cry.

“Layla, _shhhh _it’s okay baby.” He says this softly in my ear and my stomach
flips when he calls me baby. But I feel calmer when he says everything is
okay. I try to pull myself together.

“And you had to solve the p-problem I started, yet again. W-when will I stop
being anything but t-trouble for you?” I speak softly. Now that I have cried
and allowed myself to get upset, the pain in my head spikes. The pain meds get
it under control quickly

“Whoa, whoa, you are not and never have been trouble for me.” _ _

“You’re just being n-nice.”

“And you’re just selling yourself short. You made me smile when I didn’t even
know if I could. You’re unique, Layla Dawson. And I’m never going to let
anyone touch you again.”

“Aaron,” I say, burying myself in him and losing my grip on my emotions. I
breathe in before snot from my sobbing overcomes my nose and smell his scent,
basking in the sublime feeling of being in his arms, something I had ached for
so badly just a short while ago.

I try to ask Aaron what happened but he shushes me again and tells me that I
need rest. I tell him that I will get no rest without him and when he looks
into my eyes he knows I am all business. So we both manage to crawl onto the
bed and get comfortable. We are asleep within a minute or two after lying
down.

