### The Twin Prophecy by 60miles2love

**Date Added:** 2015-03-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A follow-up on the Best Man:) sorry its been so long, please read The Best Man first:) enjoy! 

* * *

**Luna**:We've always led charmed lives, it's hard not to when your parents are immortal. Now that we're old enough, we know all about the bigger role we play in the world. At only eighteen many of the Gods won't even listen to us, they won't listen to me even though I know something they should know, they're in danger, again. There is a new prophecy and this time its me in the middle of it. Aurora doesn't even know yet, which surprises me because of our twin connection we share almost everything.

I should start at the beginning. It was an ordinary day, well as ordinary as
it can be in a house full of immortals. I was home alone with our 2 year old
brother, Blake, when the Oracle arrived. She stumbled weakly up the front
steps and I immediately knew she was there. I rushed to her side and supported
her as I led her to the couch. Once seated she gazed up at me, eyes filled
with sorrow and the glimmer of tears. The look she only got when she had just
seen a not so pleasant prophecy. She coughed and sputtered before she was able
to speak. "I am so sorry, Luna." she started. My history with this Oracle,
Sophia, went way beyond just being Apollo's granddaughter and the Guardian of
the Night. She was my friend before she became the Oracle, she was my Uncle
Tristan's daughter and only 12 years old.

I handed her a glass of water. I knew the only reason she would come to me and
not Apollo about a prophecy was because she either knew she couldn't reach him
at the moment or because it would affect me. "Sophia, what's wrong?" I asked.
The last time she had come directly to me was when she prophesied the birth of
Blake, she wanted me to know first. She sat her glass down and took both my
hands in hers.

"I really am sorry." she repeated eerily. With my hands still clasped within
hers I watched as her eyes glazed over. Her normally hazel eyes began to glow
and were soon overcome with a cerulean gleam. Her grip increased slightly and
she began to speak. Her mouth was open and moving but the voice that echoed
throughout the room didn't belong to her. "_The Son of Daylight and the
Daughter of the Night. Divided by fate, united at Love's first sight. Two
Guardians become one to fight the odds. Met by their opposites, mere children
of Gods. The power will shift or crumble in fear. The pleading voices, the
Gods are too deaf to hear. Olympus will change or face the end of its days.
For she of Night and he of Daylight will lead and light the new way._" She
released my hands as her gaze lost its shine. I swatted a stray tear away and
turned my head away from her.

"'She of Night' that could be someone else, couldn't it?" I stammered. "A
child of Nyx, Phoebe, or Selene? Or even an Empousa?" I was desperate for a
different possible meaning.

"I know, you don't want to believe it but it makes sense. Unlike most of my
prophecies." Sophia sympathized.

I collapsed on the couch next to Sophia, and Blake tottered up to me and
climbed on my lap. "No cry, Loony. Want some?" he asked as he held out his
cookie to me. I smiled at him weakly and gently hugged him. I was glad that
Aurora had taken James, our 11 year old brother, to the theatre with her and
Apollo. I didn't want either of them to see me cry.

"Okay," I sighed. "I must be 'the Daughter of the Night' but who is this ' Son
of Daylight'?" questioned curiously. "Is there any way to find out?" Sophia
silently clasped her hands on her lap and stared down at them. Then I
remembered, other than Apollo, no one can speak of the prophecy. The Oracle is
only allowed to say it twice, first when she first sees it and second, when
she reaches the one person that it is intended to be heard by. Apollo is
allowed to hear it whenever he chooses though. "I can't tell anyone." She
glanced up at me quickly with her head still lowered. "'Divided by Fate,
united at love's first sight', hopefully I'll just know him when we meet. At
least then I'll be able to tell someone, him." At least I knew I wouldn't be
alone in the upcoming war.

When Sophia left I made a mental list of all the Gods associated with
Daylight. I only came up with four: Helios, Lampetia, Hemera and, my
grandfather, Apollo. I soon realized I was blind. I was the Guardian of Night
but I didn’t get the title from my parents, I received it from Nyx upon my
birth because of the elaborate Crescent Moon shaped birthmark on my right
shoulder blade which marked me as the long awaited Guardian of the Night. It
had nothing to do with my family. The Guardian of Daylight could be anyone.
The only thing I knew at the moment was that he would have a birthmark similar
to mine but the Sun instead of the Moon.

Soon after my revelation Aurora and James came home. All evidence of Sophia’s
unannounced visit was gone and Blake wasn’t going to say anything. I was
shocked to see that Aurora didn’t sense that anything was off. She went about
her business as did I. My secret slowly eating away at my conscious. By the
time Mom and Dad returned home I had a bag packed and already sent it to Nyx
with a letter saying I wanted to learn more about being the Guardian of the
Night. I told Mom first because she was less protective of me, Dad wanted to
keep me in a safe little bubble. She talked to him and in the end it was okay
with them. I waited til dusk to leave. Grabbing my Cloak made of the Night sky
and my Ebony, Silver and Sapphire Lunar Staff, the symbols of my position, I
left.

Traveling by darkness is the easiest way to travel, it takes no energy for me
to travel at nighttime because my power comes from the dark of Night, I can't
travel by magic at all during the day. Nyx lived in the last place you would
expect the Goddess of Darkness and Night to live, Los Angeles, California.
When I arrived Nyx was getting dressed. The instant she saw me her face lit
up. Nyx was beautiful as always, waist length ebony hair, bright yellow eyes
and ivory skin. She was dressed up in high heels, a short skirt and hot
midriff top.

"Aunt Nyx." I said grinning. "You're all dressed up, just for me? I'm
honored." I said jokingly.

"No, I'm going out, and so are you. Get dressed." She said, winking at me.
With that Erebus walked in. He smiled at me and went to Nyx's side. For being
thousands of years old neither of them looked a day over twenty. "You know
where your room is, go get changed into something hot."

My room hadn't changed a bit. I had spent every summer since second grade with
Nyx and Erebus, they immersed me in magic, teaching me everything they knew.
My room was in the westernmost tower of the house, which was an abandoned
castle. The ancient exterior masked an extremely modern interior. My room took
up an entire floor of the tower with my closet taking up half of the floor
below. The ceiling was made of two layers of glass with an light activated
blind between the layers. The walls were the color of the night sky with light
blue and white stars, all my favorite constellations, Artemis painted it for
me on my twelfth birthday. the door was a trap door with a ladder. My bed was
against the wall farthest from the door right next to my desk. The rest of the
room was taken up by a telescope, bookshelf and a large perch for two birds,
where my owls, Alina and Killian, were fast asleep.

When I returned to the living room we had a visitor, Pheme was there. She
smiled at me and nodded. In turn Nyx and Erebus spun around. Nyx gave me the
once over and smiled. I had changed into tight black leather pants, silver
sky-high heels and a midnight blue corset. My pale blonde hair reaching my
waist. "Pheme is going to go out with us tonight." Nyx explained briefly.
"Erebus has some business to take care of and then he'll meet us there."

I morphed my Lunar staff into a pendant on a chain around my neck and we left.
I expected to be going to a club in L.A. but Nyx took us to what appeared to
be nothing more than a warehouse. She knocked on the door and it opened.
Inside were Gods and DemiGods alike. The music was deafening, I mouthed thank
you to Nyx and went off to find people my own age.

