### The Twin Prophecy Ch. 2 by 60miles2love

**Date Added:** 2015-03-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Chapter 2, would really like some feedback please:) enjoy! 

* * *

Declan:Being the youngest of four boys was never very easy but somehow I
managed to survive it. My mom was the heir of Hermes and dad was only the heir
of a minor Goddess, Iris. Both messenger Gods therefore they weren't home very
much. I was basically left to raise myself. My oldest brother Derek was more
interested in getting into his newest girlfriend's pants then feeding me and
my siblings. By the age of 8 I was completely on my own. Derek had moved out
on his own 5 years ago and Michael and Matthew, my 16 year old twin brothers,
were off at a private school for gifted children.

It was that year that Apollo first visited me. I still remember it like it was
yesterday. I was out swimming in the ocean when suddenly a surfboard appeared
in front of me, and I looked up to see Apollo smiling down at me. He extended
his hand to me and pulled me up onto his board.

"Hello Declan, I've been waiting here for you." he started, brimming with joy.

"Ummmm...... hi there, do I know you?" I replied apprehensively.

"Not yet, but I have big plans for you Declan."

"Big plans? Who are you and how do you know who I am?" I was slightly scared.

"I am Apollo and I have been watching you since the day you were born."

"Watching me? Why?"

"Because, my dear boy, I have waited millennia for you. You know that sun-
shaped birthmark on your left shoulder? That birthmark is what marks you as
the long awaited Guardian of the Daylight. The Guardian of the Night just
learned who she was a few months ago, we never thought you two would both be
born in the same year."

Back then I was frightened by the thought of having any sort of power and
responsibility but it has been 10 years since I discovered who I am and now
the power is part of me. I relived that fateful day fondly as I sped off on my
motorcycle to L.A. to spend the summer with Apollo. The Hamptons were
beautiful but nothing could compare to the surf, sand and sunlight that
awaited me in California. The symbol of my power, my Sun Amulet, wrapped
around my neck was pulsing with energy as it soaked up the suns rays.

As I pulled up to the sea-side condo I couldn't contain my joy of being back
where I belonged. After what seemed like the longest boat ride ever to Santa
Catalina I parked my bike and strolled up the stairs and into the condo. Home.
I thought as the familiar scent of seawater assaulted me. My bags that I had
sent ahead were waiting next to my bedroom door as I walked into the kitchen.
A note from Apollo was waiting for me on the fridge door.

_ Declan, I meant to be here when you arrived but my granddaughter_

_called and said it was urgent. I will be back by nightfall at the latest_

_Help yourself to any food, as you know my house is your house. The_

_Surfboards are in the shed and I have some new Jet Skis in there as well._

_Enjoy, Apollo_

I changed into my swim trunks and headed out to the sea with a surfboard
tucked under one arm and a smile on my face as I began to chase the waves.

Luna: No matter how hard Nyx and Pheme tried I didn't go out again after that
first night. The club had been amazing but even there amongst my own kind,
Gods and Demigods alike, I was out of place. All I could focus on was the
whispers of "Wow, she's the guardian of the night, I expected someone taller."
Nobody would have ever expected someone like me to have such an important
place in the world. I didn't fit in anywhere, not with immortals and not with
humans.

I was still reeling from the prophecy being forced upon me. I spent weeks
locked up in my tower, trying to discover the identity of this _Son of
Daylight,_ Nyx would come up occasionally and bring me some nectar and to
check on me. I had become obsessed when the idea hit me like a bolt of
lightning, Apollo. My grandfather was the God of the SUN, there was no doubt
in my mind that he knew who this mystery man was. Finally I descended from my
secluded tower to find Aurora waiting for me downstairs talking with none
other than Apollo. Before either of them could see me I faded into the shadows
that surrounded the stairs.

"Grandpa, I'm worried about her," Aurora started. "She has been cooped up in
her tower for weeks, not eating and barely drinking nectar. Do you know what’s
wrong with her? Why wont she talk to me? She didn't even tell me she was
leaving. She was acting a little weird the day she left. What happened?"

"My dear Aurora, Nyx doesn't even know what’s wrong with her. However, if
you'd like me too, I can talk to her. It will not be today but I will visit
often. I have a friend visiting from out of town but, maybe she’d like to come
spend a weekend with me on Santa Catalina?" Apollo asked soothingly.

"Could you really?! You'd do that for me?"

"Yes, of course, but I'm in the middle of some business today so I have to
run, bye sweetie" And then with the flick of the wrist Apollo disappeared in a
flash of light.

I emerged from my hiding spot just as Aurora turned to face me. “Luna!” she
squealed as she caught me in a tight embrace. “You finally came out of that
Hades forsaken tower. I was so worried about you!” I smiled at her shyly. I
raised an eyebrow and glanced at where Apollo had just been standing. “Oh
that?” she said catching my drift. “How much did you hear?”

“Everything. Aurora,” I said holding her with both arms at full length. “I
love you, you're my twin but I don’t tell you everything. I do have some
secrets that, no matter how much I want to, I can't share with you.”

“I understand that Luna but you scared us, locking yourself up in that tower
of yours for a full month. Please, I beg you, don’t scare us like that again.”

“No Promises.” I said. “But I will try my best sis.”

“Thats all I ask.” she sighed.

“Ok now on to the real question, who is Apollo’s out of town guest and why is
he important enough to stay on Catalina” I asked with an impish grin.

“I have a better question, is he cute?” she asked as she dragged me up to my
tower.

“I don’t know Rory, I think I’m done with guys for now, I just want to be able
to focus on my studies. We’re 18 and soon and I have to step up. Once I turn
20 I won't have Nyx to help me out. I will be all by myself on Gaiola Island.
Thank the Gods that everyone believes that it’s cursed.”

“It’s so beautiful there! How could it ever be cursed?” she swooned. “Are you
sure that I can't stay there with you?”

I shook my head and chucked at her forward nature. I looped one arm around her
shoulder and held her close. “Rory, you know I love you to pieces but we both
have separate destinies, mine is on Gaiola and yours is still in the wind.”

“You’re so lucky you know your destiny!”

I smiled at her but my eyes filled with sadness, if she only knew how much my
destiny weighed. I was constantly scrutinized by other Gods. They all wanted
to know what I had that they didn’t. Why I had such an important role as a
Guardian while they got stuck with lesser tasks such as foolish acts or
cicadas. The truth is those with smaller, menial tasks weren’t capable of
handling such a large responsibility such as being the Guardian of Night.

I felt trapped.

