### A Peasant from Terrace View 9 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-03-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Sorry for the delay! The sequel of Layla and Aaron's romance continues... 

* * *

**Part 9**

**Thank you to everyone who has left feedback for the story so far! Please let me know of any additional comments or questions! I need to know how many people would like me to continue this story, since I am trying to balance writing my stories. The most popular story will get the most attention! Please leave feedback! Thank you! **

**Please enjoy. **

The next morning, I wake up to the sound of knocking. I don’t wake easily
because I had trouble falling asleep even after I had finished my cigarette
and returned to the room. I wake up, knowing that/feeling like I didn’t get
very much sleep. When I answer, I find someone I don’t recognize. He has a
nametag on and I assume he works for the estate. He gives me a smile.

“Mr. Jeffers would like to have breakfast with you. It will be served in 10
minutes.”

“Okay, great. Thank you.”

He gives me a smile, a nod, and leaves. I am in shock for a few moments.

_10 minutes?!? _I run back into the room and tear through the pile of
clothing. I find a pretty blue shirt and a dark blue/green cardigan that ties
around the abdomen. I wear them with a black form-fitting skirt that goes down
to my knees and black boots. I tease my hair and put eyeliner on, pushing my
boobs higher in my bra. Once I am satisfied with my appearance, I hurry to the
dining room.

I was expecting everyone from last night to be there, but when I enter, I see
only Aaron waiting. He’s sitting in the same seat as last night, with his hurt
foot on the chair next to him. He’s _so_ handsome. I think I might die from
his gorgeousness, it’s too intense to handle. He’s wearing black pants with a
light blue button-up that is mostly covered by a thin, dark red sweater. The
top two buttons on his shirt that I can see are undone and his sleeves are
rolled up to just below his elbows. The sweater accentuates his hair, which
looks unruly, but groomed at the same time. He looks at me and then gives me a
smile.

“Good morning,” he says.

“G-Good morning,” I stutter. I’m. So. Lame. I want to disappear.

Aaron gestures to the chair to his left and I sit next to him, feeling my
heartrate skyrocket and my stomach churn. He gets my nerves working overtime.

“Did you sleep well after you went back to bed?” he asks, his dark eyes
meeting my star-struck gaze.

“Yes,” I lie. I don’t even know what I’m saying. “Did you?”

“Well… I got to sleep at least. Even if it wasn’t for long.”

“Are you tired?! Why aren’t you sleeping right now?”

“I want to spend time with you while you’re here. I know you can’t stay for
long.” He says this softly and I completely melt. Completely.

“W-where is everyone else?” I ask timorously. I stare at the table cloth in
front of me.

“Hmm, let’s see. I’m not sure what Elaina and Rob are doing right now but Rob
and I agreed to take the day off so I’m sure they’re doing something together.
Whatever that may be,” he grumbles the last sentence with clear contempt. “Kim
and Tam are both sleeping. Probably sleeping off the hangover.” I want to
snicker to myself. _Lightweights. _

“How do you feel this morning?” I ask, now able to calm myself enough to look
up at him again. His eyes are kind and deep.

“I’m okay. A little tired and slightly sore.”

“So you still speak in vast understatements,” I say and he laughs in response.
The sound of his laugh captures me and leaves me in reverence of him once
again. It’s such a beautiful laugh that it makes me want to cry of happiness.
I smile at him, basking in the wondrous sound.

“That means you’re exhausted and in a lot of pain.” I say this after he quiets
down. He smiles at me, a close-lipped, warm smile. He shrugs.

“I’ll never tell.”

Someone I don’t know brings out food and drinks and we eat in silence. After
Aaron finishes, I am still picking at my food.

“Listen, I know I’m a pain in the ass, but could you accompany me on a few
errands today? I need to go to the mall and a few other places.”

I look up at him, already resigned to staying here all day anyway. I nod.

“Okay,” I say softly.

“You don’t have to come along if you don’t want to,” Aaron says this kindly
and I know he is just trying to be considerate.

“I know. I want to.” I am hoping that my voice has a lot of resolve and I am
relieved when Aaron seems satisfied with my answer. He looks at his phone
briefly and I can tell he is focusing. My cheeks begin to get warm as I look
at him. He could easily be mistaken as a famous model instead of a famous
baseball player. By now, everyone knows of Aaron Jeffers. His fame isn’t
solely due to his athleticism. People in the country first learned of his name
through his baseball abilities but when the media caught hold of the fact that
he was the sole-heir of an extremely lucrative business, they wouldn’t stop
buzzing about him.

I think back to a conversation I had in class before I dropped out (because of
Brad). It was with an acquaintance, more like a friend but our budding
friendship was cut short by my absence shortly thereafter. A time when Aaron
caught the nation by storm. A year or two after the initial media craze about
Aaron, he began making headlines again.

“He’s _so_ fucking gorgeous!” Holly had said to me.

“Yeah, I know,” I responded, meaning that statement more honestly than she
could have imagined.

“And did you know that because he makes his money through his company, he
gives _all_ his baseball earnings to charity?! What an amazing guy!” Holly
looked like she had completely fallen in love, staring into space with a
dreamy look on her face. I knew that look well.

“Yeah, he is amazing,” I agreed. Because I wasn’t swooning like she was, she
gave me a funny look, but then seemingly randomly brightened up again.

“And did you know that he…”

At that point in our conversation I had lost focus completely, too consumed in
self-loathing and my own problems to engage any further.

I hate thinking back to that time in my life though. It was such a dark time
that I’ve tried everything to block it out of my memory completely. Being with
Brad was like trying to love an animal that keeps attacking everything. It was
just a disaster and the worst part was that I chose that life for myself. I
never knew I could make such bad decisions.

“Layla?!” I hear Aaron, and I snap back to attention.

“Yeah? Sorry,” I say bashfully.

“Are you okay?” He looks at me, concerned. “I tried getting your attention for
a minute or two.”

“Oh, you did? I’m sorry Aaron.” I look up at him and give him a guilty smile.
“I still haven’t been able to get out of my own head.”

At first, he just looks at me carefully. And then he echoes my smile.

“That’s right. I thought your expression was somehow reminiscent. You always
used to get lost up there,” he says, referring to my own mind. I feel my
cheeks warm up once again. He speaks so fondly and freely of the past that I
am extremely jealous.

My past is filled with one gargantuan mistake after another. I hate thinking
about all of it. Even thinking about my past with Aaron is more painful than
not. I usually can only think of how stupid I was at the time and how much
better everything would have been if I had only been able to accept his
affection.

“Still do, obviously,” I admit. He laughs softly, which makes my face
instantly get hotter.

I tell him that I am done my food and we go to the massive garage that Cooper
had built into his house. All the employees call it the “car bay.” I remember
that back when I first began working for the family that I was disgusted with
the “car bay” and the size and magnificence of something so superficial. I had
hated everything the family represented. I hated their wealth and I jumped to
conclusions about Aaron which weren’t fair at all.

And then when I had to face him and meet him for the first time I was so
nervous. Talk about hypocritical. But then Aaron was kind to me, and I saw how
much he cared for the town and everyone in it. I became one of many followers
due to his sincerity and his kind personality. He’s only vicious if he has to
be, if it can’t be avoided.

I’ve learned that politics is a cutthroat business as well, and now I’m more
of a strong-headed, unafraid bitch that I ever was when Aaron knew me. These
past few years and all the experiences taught me the unfriendly side of life.
I’ve seen some_ low_ things in low places. And now I’m not so shocked that
Aaron was stern with others. I’m just shocked and very confused to how I could
have ever been frightened of _him_. Of _Aaron._ He was only ever kind and
loving to me.

I learned real fear after our relationship ended.

Tony approaches us in a limo, the real kind that rich people take everywhere,
not the stretch limo.

I want to sit in the back with him again, I want to be able to massage his leg
and help him once again. But I know what’s acceptable and what’s not.

“I’ll sit in the front so you can have the seat for your foot,” I tell him
with a smile.

“Thanks,” he says, “I’m sorry about that.” He looks sad and it makes me blush
a little.

“Don’t be silly,” I say, waving away his apology. I get in the front seat and
Tony helps Aaron into the back.

This is harder than I thought. I could offer to help Aaron, but only to a
limited extent. There are boundaries I can’t cross or it will make him feel
uncomfortable. Because Aaron is a good person, he would dislike it if we got
romantic, limited touching allowed and I have to watch what I say. This time
around, I have to respect him fully.

And my stomach is slowly deflating because I know the entire time that I will
not be able to regularly communicate with Aaron after this weekend. He
probably knows this as well but neither of us will say a thing about it. After
I leave tomorrow, I will once again become obsolete in his life.

Tony gets in and presses on the gas after putting on his seatbelt.

“Does your daughter live here with you?” I ask Tony, curious about his life.
He gives me a smile.

“She does. Seems quite fond of the boss,” Tony says, obviously referring to
Aaron.

“Everyone is!” I say with a laugh. Tony nods.

“Not _everyone_,” Aaron argues.

“Sorry boss, you’re outnumbered this time.”

Aaron is sitting behind Tony so I glance at him and nod. He smiles, just a
tiny bit, and then averts his attention to out the window.

“So she likes living here?” I ask Tony about his daughter.

“She loves it! She’s in high school now, and there are some things that I
don’t know and can’t help her with so it’s great to have other women around.
Ms. Kim helps a lot.”

“She does?!?” I ask, trying- and failing to hide my surprise. I hear Aaron
snicker in the backseat but he says nothing.

“I know, it’s a surprise, but she’s become a role-model to Jordan.”

“What grade is she in?”

“Eleventh.”

I whistle.

“She’s a young woman now, isn’t she?” I say, teasing. He looks over at me, and
I can see a little horror and discomfort on his face. I laugh. “You’ll do
fine,” I assure him.

“He’s doing great,” Aaron says.

“Thank you, sir,” Tony answers, giving a happy smile. I can’t help but smile
too and when I glance back at Aaron I am met immediately with his eyes and
realize he was watching me. I feel like an idiot and I blush, turning away to
look out the window and calm my painfully hot cheeks. _Sitting there smiling
to myself like an imbecile…_ my thoughts aren’t helping me at all so I’m glad
when Tony speaks.

“I hope you get to see her again,” he says to me. I look down at my legs and
smile.

“I hope I get to see her too,” I respond. Out of the corner of my eye, I see
Tony smile.

Tony asks me about school and I tell him about my classes. I tell him about
some of the things I do, but leave out the shameful encounters. I’ve
definitely made enemies. And my life back at school is heavily saturated with
tense relationships and negative encounters. My life away from Aaron is
completely different and seems weirdly distant. Not too long ago I was
chastising my neighbor for hitting on me. And I know that although I have to
return to that life, I can’t seem to stop enjoying my time here. I know I
should been much better guarded, but I’m not.

It’s almost impossible for me to build walls between my heart and Aaron
Jeffers. It’s always belong to him anyway. What I lent to Brad was the ghost
of a heart that strived to remain after I realized that I would never be able
to fully give it to anyone again. He’s had it from the moment I laid eyes on
him.

** **

