### Rulers of Terrace View 32 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-03-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Possibly the last update for the story. 

* * *

**Part 32**

**To everyone who has read all of the parts to the story of Layla and Aaron's love, thank you. Thank you to everyone who has read my other stories and my most sincere gratitude to those who have left me feedback. Although this story has proved to be quite lengthy, the story continues to grow and I can't help but post new sections. Please let me know any thoughts. Thank you. Please enjoy, **

When I wake up, it’s slowly and very painfully. I curse when I realize I am
alone in the bed. _Shit shit shit! _He was able to slip out before I finally
managed to gather the courage to wake up to this BS pain-fest. I wish now with
all my might I could go back and just never gather the courage to open my
eyes. I only did it for him but he isn’t here anyway.

Ugh. Just me. And my pain. And something fuzzy… OMG Brownie! He’s here with me
I realize with a huge, but painful smile as my little fuzzy licks my hand with
his scratchy little tongue. I realize it must be very late/early because
almost everyone is gone and the house is dark and quiet. My parents and
brother probably went home to let me rest. They know I am in good care here.

I want to find him badly. Aaron. Already I ache for him. I’m so pathetic. I
notice someone sleeping on one of the couches in the room. I know it isn’t
him, though. It’s most likely someone who has been given the unfortunate
responsibility of looking after my dumbass. I move and the pain is back. I
groan a little and the person moves. The figure stands and I can see him when
I focus- thanks to a bit of moonlight. Max.

Of course. My parents left him here. Though I wouldn’t be surprised if he
volunteered to stay. The poor kid is practically drooling over Sadie.
Although, I’m drooling over her older brother so I’m not any better. Maybe our
inclination for sad little obsessions is genetic.

“Max,” I say.

“Hey sis. Do you need some more pain meds?” he asks. I nod. He messes with the
same stuff the nurse did before. I watch him.

“The nurse taught me how,” he says with a shrug. I’m touched that Max went
through the effort for that.

“Thank you,” I say sincerely. He nods at me.

“Sure thing.”

“I need to find him.”

“Aaron left, Layla. I don’t know if he’s even in the house anymore.” He says
this like Aaron is much less predictable than he actually is. I shake my head
a little at him while the medication begins to work.

“_I _know exactly where he is.”

“I don’t think he wants to be disturbed right now. Let it go and just go back
to sleep.”

“I will not!” I say and begin to move my limbs. My leg feels sore and my
abdomen and head/neck are absolutely killing me.

“Damn it,” he growls. “I knew you would be like this.”

“What does that mean?”

“Difficult. I knew you would be difficult.”

“I’m not difficult. Just determined!” He rolls his eyes in response to my
statement. I squint at him. “I will do this myself,” I say. I begin to get out
of bed.

“Layla! No!” he rushes over to me.

“What?” I ask, frowning at him.

“You need rest.”

“I won’t _get_ any rest without seeing him again. Why don’t you get it?!” I am
frustrated, and I pout, glaring off into the distance. My brother finally
concedes.

“Fine.” He says this softly. “If you don’t tell, I won’t. I never woke up. You
didn’t see me. That’s that.” Max walks away from me back to the couch, where
he lays down again. I get up, shakily. I grab the needles in my arm firmly and
pull them straight out. I don’t feel much, just a tiny little pinch. I barely
even notice it. I am wearing a comfortable t-shirt and light pajama pants. I’m
dressed for comfort. I can now see gauze around my ankles where the ropes were
tied. I walk, slowly, out of the room. I’m in Aaron’s house. I know his house
well.

I walk slowly downstairs and over to his office, my pace still very slowed.
The light is on like I knew it would be. I knock softly and hear the voices in
the room quiet. A few moments later the door opens to Mirabella, in shorts and
a tank top, looking perfect and beautiful.

“Layla, come in,” she says and when I enter, Aaron looks up tiredly from the
desk and when he sees me the expression on his face changes. He nods at Mira
once, only slightly and she leaves the room immediately. She obeys him and
serves him so well. She makes up for my uselessness in her abundance of
perfect effectiveness.

Aaron looks at me, his expression isn’t happy.

“_What _do you think you’re doing?” he sounds upset with me and I should have
anticipated this but instead I feel myself turn red anyway. “Shit, I’m sorry
Layla, babe,” he stands (with difficulty) and I go to him as quickly as I can
(which is not that quickly).

“Aaron! I’m sorry! I know I’m being careless,” I bury myself in his chest when
I reach him. He welcomes me into him. “But I just couldn’t get any more rest
without you, knowing you are out here.”

“You’re much more hurt than I am,” he says softly.

“Bullshit,” I say with a frown. He looks down at me, surprise in his dark
eyes. I haven’t called BS on him like that ever. It’s bold but I have to be
honest with him even if no one else is. “What happened?” I ask.

I look down at his leg. It’s still wrapped with bandages, not the boot. And
he’s wearing the same clothes as before, with the white bandaging on his arm.
But now, to add to the black eye and cut, he looks even more exhausted, like
it’s difficult to keep his eyes open. And I notice he winces when he moves his
arm. When I look back up at him, Aaron is staring at a spot on the wall not
far away. But he is miles away, lost in whatever he is thinking about.

But then he sways a little and grabs for the desk.

“Sit! Sit down, please,” I say. He does. We’re both breathing hard.

“Mira,” Aaron calls between breaths. She enters almost instantaneously
although he didn’t say her name loudly at all. She must always be waiting for
his beckon. “Please get a chair for Layla.”

“Of course, Master,” she says, retrieving it for me quickly and easily.

“Thank you,” I say. The chair is comfortable, as I expect.

“You’re welcome Miss Layla,” she gives me a gorgeous smile and turns back,
ever faithful, to Aaron. He waves a hand to dismiss her. But she doesn’t obey
immediately like I have come to expect.

“Master,” she says meekly. He looks at her expectantly. “Your leg.” She stops
there, uncertain of whether to continue. He glances at his leg and then nods
at her. As he leans back into his chair she lifts his leg onto the ottoman
next to his desk for him. Although Aaron isn’t paying attention to either of
us, I sure am. Mirabella is like a work of art with everything she does.

She’s gorgeous and so graceful in all aspects. I watch her as she does Aaron’s
bidding. And whenever she looks at him, which is almost constantly, she views
him tenderly. It is quite obvious she absolutely adores him. She looks at him
with stars in her eyes, like he’s her hero. We are the same, but so very
different all at once.

She straightens up again.

“Can I get you anything? Either of you? Master? Miss Layla?” she asks us
earnestly and I almost feel bad telling her I am fine for now. Aaron shakes
his head.

“I’m okay. I’ll call for you if that changes.” When he looks up at her, it is
in an objective way, his dark eyes viewing her without really seeing her-
which is weird to witness from Aaron. But it doesn’t seem to be a first for
either of them and she smiles beautifully at him and nods.

“Yes, sir.” She leaves again quickly.

“Please,” I say softly. My voice seems to pull Aaron back to Earth and he
looks at me, the haze and absenteeism from moments before disappear. He looks
at me carefully. “Please tell me what happened.”

“You first,” he says. I shake my head.

“I…I can’t. I can’t go back there,” I lie. I’m trying to get him to think I’m
weaker than I actually am to hide my true reason for hesitation.

“I knew you wouldn’t want to tell me,” he says, sounding both disappointed and
unsurprised. _Shit._ Literally nothing gets by him.

“I really don’t want you to feel any worse,” I explain. He looks at me.

“I was trying to decide a few moments ago whether or not I could handle this
story. But then I realized it doesn’t matter if I can or can’t. I don’t have
an option. I have pulled you into this and now I have no way out other than to
face what I have done.”

“You really don’t understand how it is, do you? I have brought all of this not
only upon myself but mostly upon your family. I was the one that instigated
all of this and then left you to deal with the mess. I’m so sorry Aaron.”

“We obviously view this situation very differently. Let’s just be fair and
agree to share stories, okay?”

I nod. That’s fair. Sure. Fair. “”You go first,” I say. He opens his mouth to
argue but I cut him off. “I asked first, so it’s only fair.” I give him an
innocent smile although I feel like a little demon, turning ‘fair’ and using
it against him.

“Fine. Okay, well, Elaina, Cooper, Tony, Wyatt, a few others and I went to
meet up with Hudson at some random secluded location. Cooper, Hudson and I
agreed to meet alone but I knew he would cheat so I was taking counter-
measures. The rest of our group hid while Cooper, Elaina and I went to meet
with Hudson. Well… here.” He stops speaking but pulls out his high-tech
smartphone.

He hands it to me and there is a video waiting on the screen for me to play. I
don’t know who is recording this but I know it’s someone from Aaron’s side so
it must have been planned. It is a beautiful day during the video, deep blue
skies and not a cloud in sight. There is green meadow around but other than
that the location is vague. There are cars parked in two separate lines, one
line for both sides. Elaina, Cooper and Aaron are on the screen.

We see them all approach Hudson and he wastes no time, grabbing Elaina. Then
Hudson’s people approach their leader so the Jeffers side approaches as well,
unwilling to let their beloved leaders seem outnumbered. The guy carrying the
phone loses control of it for a moment when he springs into action for the
Jeffers.

Although I see Hudson pull out a gun, Aaron charges him anyway. He charges
Hudson without his crutches, letting them go as soon as the gun emerges. I
notice he takes no favor between his legs and completely ignores the healing
injury. Hudson shoots and I scream, covering my eyes for a moment.

“It’s okay, babe,” he says softly to me, soothingly. It works. I am soothed. I
look back up at the screen and I see blood running down Aaron’s arm. Elaina
screamed so loud when the gun went off that Hudson is now covering an ear in
pain. But Aaron doesn’t stop his attack and Hudson does, so Aaron and Hudson
end up on the ground after Aaron takes him down in a flawless tackle. The gun
is knocked away.

They wrestle around for a few moments before splitting apart. They crawl to
their feet and though the others begin to rush in, both Aaron and Hudson tell
them not to interfere. Hudson launches himself at Aaron and they entangle
again, Hudson punches Aaron in the face but when Aaron winds up and hits
Hudson, the older man drops like a human doll no longer supported by anything.
He crumples to the ground and everyone stops. Aaron turns towards back towards
everyone but gets hit in the face by someone else, and, I see a lot of blood.
He was cut by that guy, with a knife I see now glinting in the sun.

Although Aaron and Hudson were a private fight, now that someone else has cut
Aaron everything erupts into total pandemonium and chaos and the guy recording
doesn’t focus on recording anymore. The phone’s camera lens is angled towards
the ground, then people’s legs, shoes, then fuzziness and a weird loud _boop_
before the video completely cuts out.

I try to control the tears teasing the back of my eyes. But I can’t control
the sadness on my face obviously because Aaron grabs my chins and tilts it up.
But instead of saying something soothing, he plants his lips directly onto
mine. I am whisked away to paradise by his lips. But when we pull away I look
at him, into his eyes.

I can’t believe how much he disregarded his own health and safety for me. He
should have kept Elaina and his family and forgotten about me. But he didn’t.
He literally risked life and limb and even his sister to save me from Hudson.
If he keeps pushing himself so hard all the time he will eventually give out.
For good. I get a chill up my spine when I think about it.

And his appearance and actions do nothing to assuage my concern. He look
drained of all energy but I still woke up to find him gone, here in his
office, doing more of his work. My stomach won’t stop flipping around and
around and my heart cries for him. _Aaron._

“You look exhausted.”

“I’m alright.”

“Stop saying that! You aren’t alright. You need rest.” He leans back into the
chair again, his good arm on the armrest, hand on his head, an index finger
framing his face. I think for a moment he will get pissed and kick me out but
instead he continues to look at me calmly.

“I’ll be okay.”

“You say that over and over until you collapse!”

“Layla!” he looks at me, exasperated. He sighs softly and runs a hand through
his hair. And although he would normally be peeved right now, he looks
defeated and covers his eyes with his hand. He is _really _exhausted. “What do
you want me to do? I don’t really have a choice.”

The sight and sound of how truly fatigued he is prompts me into making an
attempt at usefulness. I go and find Mira outside. Aaron hasn’t moved. I step
out into the hallway.

**Please let me know if you would like me to continue posting updates for the story! If I don't get interest, I will focus on my other stories and discontinue these updates again. Please mark me as a favorite author if you like my storie. Thank you for reading!  
**

