### Blood pressure 16 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2015-03-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** \- Let�s be clear on one thing. I didn�t choose the agency� Or you for what it�s worth. He smirks as I�m still grabbing the chair for support. I know. But the outcome is the same. He�s out and you�re here. With me. So like it or not but you just signed up for a life of submission to me. 

* * *

\- WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU GUYS?!

Ethan is way too loud… I slept during the whole trip in the jet – and I’m
barely starting to awake. This is not normal. It’s not the first time that I
lost a bit of blood but it’s like I’m exhausted.

\- Your guys tried to kill us for Christ’s sake…

Gabriel’s voice is strangely jaded. We’re in Ethan’s office. Gabriel and I are
sitting in front of his desk while he’s walking nervously around the room,
running his left in his hair trying to understand what went wrong.

\- They weren’t my guys Gabriel! The board sent them and just when I was
arguing with them to save your asses, you two talk about not coming back to
the base! You guys are fucking agents! Don’t you know that everything you say
is basically heard by the Agency?! Especially in a God Damn Car sent by US!!!

\- Running away was my idea. Gabriel has nothing to do with this…

Jeez, my voice is soft but only because I still feel vertigos. What the hell
is wrong with me?

\- Brilliant idea Lily btw!

\- Cut her some slack Ethan! She just found out about everything.

\- I don’t think you understand the gravity of the situation here: The AKME
group wants you for experimentations, the politicians want you to kill half of
the planet and the Board of the Agency wants you dead. How am I supposed to
protect you both now that you just proved that you were thinking of betraying
us?

\- Betray you?! You tried to kill us! What did you fucking expect? That we
would ask for more?!

Raising my eyes to him costs me such a huge effort but the rage I feel is
stronger than anything else.

\- I’m expecting you to trust me.

Ethan’s voice is like ice and it actually makes me flinch. Of course we should
have. But nothing seems clear or easy anymore. A short silence follows before
Gabriel breaks it.

\- What’s your plan?

He asks that just as if Ethan had it all planed since the first day we met.
But is it really fair? Ethan is now leaning against his desk, grabbing the
edge of it with his hands and facing us both.

\- You can’t stay together.

\- What??

I can’t believe what I’m hearing but somehow, Gabriel is keeping silent next
to me and smiles. Not a satisfied or happy smile. No. He’s smiling the way he
would say “I knew you had it all planed bastard”.

\- Think about it. Gabriel is dangerous. They won’t take the risk capturing
him if they don’t have you as insurance.

\- I don’t understand…

\- That’s enough Ethan.

Gabriel’s tone is threatening.

\- No she needs to know! If they take him and he decides to defend himself by
infecting everyone around him, they need you to cure them. They’re fascinated
by him but also freaking scared. He’s a death machine and you’re the only one
that can fix his damages.

\- So basically… You’re safe without me but you’re at risk if I’m with you, I
say slowly as I turn to my beloved.

\- That’s bullshit, he replies angrily as he stands up and walks toward the
glass wall completely powerless.

\- That’s exactly it Lily, says Ethan calmly. On the other hand, you can be
useful. Even without Gabriel. So they’ll do anything to get you. That’s why
you two staying together is just absurd.

\- Not at all! I’m at risk with or without her! I know what you want but
there’s no way I’m gonna let you!

I don’t understand. What is he talking about? And fuck! Why do I feel so slow
and dizzy?! Come on Lily, get a hold of yourself!

\- If you truly want her safe, that’s the only way…

\- Stop it already!

My turn to stand up. I try to hide my weird lack of balance.

\- I’m right here so instead of speaking like I was invisible to you, just
speak clearly!

\- He wants you to stay with him at the Agency and push me out of the picture,
says Gabriel leaning against the wall with his arms crossed.

\- Ethan? I ask in the hope of having finally some understandable
explanations.

\- If you stay with him, you put him even more at risk because they will want
to capture both of you. But Gabriel will be fine on his own. Plus, he’s always
wanted his freedom, to be freed from the Agency. But like I said, you’re a
different story. Wherever you’ll go, whatever you’ll do, they will never stop
looking for you. And I believe that the safest place for you is right here. At
the Agency. With me. I’m one of the 5 most powerful men in the world. Nobody
would dare attacking you if you’re by my side.

\- By your side?! I ask completely incredulous.

\- You’ve understood Angel. And there’s no way I can let that happen.

Ethan sneers before starting cracking up. Is he seriously losing it?

\- You two are just fucking unbelievable! I’m telling you that if you stay
with him, you put him in danger and that if you can’t let her go, you’re
taking away her only chance of being safe! But still, you want to act like
spoiled children and stay together no matter what…

A heavy silence falls in the room. Gabriel lowers his eyes over me and it’s
like I could see his soul. He’s just like me: torn. Are we that selfish that
we can’t let go? I don’t care of being safe, I just want to be with him. But
do I really want to become the reason why he could become a target when he can
just leave his life freely?

\- OK.

I can’t believe I just said that. Now I feel even more sick.

\- Finally a wise decision! Says Ethan half relieved, half jubilating.

\- No! Angel, I can protect you…

\- I know, I cut him off with a sad smile. But that’s my way of protecting
you…

\- Lily don’t… He says as he walks toward me desperate.

He grabs my shoulders and locks his eyes with mines.

\- Please Lily. You’re not safe here, I can’t let you…

\- Even if that’s what I want?

\- What do you mean? He asks more lost than ever.

I can’t believe what I’m about to do but I realize that’s the only way…

\- I want to stay at the agency. I love it here, you know that. So it’s better
for you but it’s also better for me if I can just stay here…

Feeling him letting go of me is the worst feeling ever. He slowly backs off
like he couldn’t believe what he heard.

\- If that’s what you want, then it’s a different story. I just want you
happy… He whispers without looking at me.

I can see he’s completely taken aback. He probably never imagined I was that
selfish. But Gabriel I’m not! I don’t give a fuck about the agency! I just
want you to be safe! I don’t care about me. I know you could protect me and I
know I could even protect myself just fine but you? You’ll be so much better
off without me! I wish you could look again in my eyes and see all of that but
at the same time if you did, I wouldn’t be able to lie to you twice. So it’s
probably better if you just walk away without turning back…

He runs a hand in his black hair in disbelieve, watch me and for a second, I
think he understands everything that I think but can’t say.

\- Take good care of yourself Lily.

His grey eyes have turned to ice and without even a glance to Ethan, he takes
his jacket on the back of the chair and leaves the room.

The shock is too brutal. As I feel myself falling literally, Ethan catches me
and hold me tight from behind. I’d like to free myself but my body is just
empty. What did just happen? Did I really make Gabriel go away? Did I really
push him away by making him think I was more preoccupied by my own wellness
than by his safety? Am I ever going to see him again? What have I done?

\- You did the right thing, whispers Ethan in my ear.

Feeling him snuggling in my hair gives me enough power to free myself and face
him.

\- Let’s be clear on one thing. I didn’t choose the agency… Or you for what
it’s worth.

He smirks as I’m still grabbing the chair for support. My body and soul are
getting numb.

\- I know. But the outcome is the same. He’s out and you’re here. With me. So
like it or not but you just signed up for a life of submission to me.

I would laugh if I wasn’t that… That… Didn’t it become suddenly way too hot in
this office? My eyes close and I pass out before feeling myself touching the
floor.

Hi everybody! Thanks for reading the story and sorry for the terribly long
delay!!! Hope you still enjoy it :)

Love you all!!! xxx Your French frog

