### Our Last Day Wonderful by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-03-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** 'I had the time of my life Claudia.' 

* * *

_I was dreaming again for sure. I don't tell a lot about my dreams since they
are most of the time lucid. Which in short means that I am able to create my
own dreams. This one however, is different. I am walking in an empty street in
Amsterdam and don't really know why or what the heck I am doing here. So a
band is playing on the corner of the street and I remember the song. The title
is Speak Up and if I'm right, the original band is Pop Etc. In my opinion, a
good song. But then I ask myself again why I'm here?_

_Does this dream has a purpose? Because normally when you dream, and I mean
really dream and not lucid dream, your soul tries to tell something to
yourself. I always say that I like to believe that we can feel the future via
a dream. It's also my explanation for when you ask yourself: "Wait didn't this
already happen previously?" In my opinion when that happens and something
feels like you've experienced it before, it's because you one's dreamed about
it. _

_I am standing on a bridge, a bridge where I was standing when I met a
celebrity in real life. Like when I was twelve I take a look at my left. The
sun blinds me but I see two people standing in a distance. As I try to figure
out who they are, the sun is shining more and more like it tells me to stop
looking at them. She, it was definitely a she who wore a long blue sleeved
shirt. I had to close my eyes, it was like the sun was exploding or something.
The light was far too sharp for my eyes. And when I closed my eyes in that
dream, I woke up in reality..._

'Good morning sweetheart', a very familiar and beloved voice said.

'Good morning Claudia. How long have we been under. Must have been hours.'

'Relax, were on holiday remember. We're supposed to wake up late. I never
thought you had such a well trained upper body Marc. I really enjoy laying
against you.'

'That makes two of us. I really like to feel your warmth. Makes me feel
whole.'

'Aw, don't flatter me too much. Your warm too.'

'Yeah, I burned in the sun at day one remember.'

'Never got to me. But then again. I only saw you during night the first day's.
But I guess that happens when you stare in your sell phone too long.'

She was right, I must have looked like a lunatic when we met. We both laughed.

'It doesn't happen every day Claudia, that suddenly out of nowhere something
so bright appears in your phone screen.'

'Are you kidding me. In your phone?'

'See, that's what I thought too. Was it really in my phone...?' I said with a
grin.

I looked her in her beautiful brown eyes again. I would swear that she was
able to look right into my soul at that moment, again... Her smile still made
me melt like a small piece of ice in the oven.

'Did I already tell you how beautiful you are, Claudia?' I said in a teasing
way.

'You know Marc, when I watch a romantic movie a man always appears to be so
good at the end that it can't be real. But the last day's my opinion changed
on that matter, because you really make me feel like the female of such a
movie couple. Especially now, you just say something like that out of nowhere
and still give me the feeling like you mean it.'

She looked the other way and stared outside the window. I followed her
movement with my eyes and was blinded by the sun. Then it popped into my mind,
it was her that I couldn't see in my dream. But who was the other person?

'Of course I mean it.' I took her hand and kissed it. She turned towards me
and moved. Now she sat on my hips. Her lips met my left ear.

She whispered: 'I love you.'

'I love you too.' I answered immediately.

Then we made out while the sun shone brightly into our room and I still had no
idea what time it was...

In the car back to Estartit

I know that I explained earlier how I didn't like driving that much. On our
way back it was me behind the wheel. We left our apartment during half past
eleven in the morning. Claudia was sitting next to me, relaxed and happy. I
couldn't see if she was happy. She had those big sunglasses on. But I could
feel she was. During the trip back to Estartit a lot of track's were played
that I liked. How odd was that? Like I was still dreaming. But then Claudia
laid her hand on my resting right arm and I immediately felt so much alive
that all my doubts disappeared in one tiny second. I could feel her heart
beating when I looked at her again. She was looking at the other direction.
Something told me she knew I was looking at her.

'Have you ever been in love before?' she asked suddenly.

I remembered John Legend was on the radio with Stereo, when she asked me that.

'If I was.. I didn't know it...'

'How do you know that you love me then?'

'A lot of time I lost spending on finding the person I thought was worthy to
make a fool out of myself. I waited and kept my patience. I felt a lot
sometimes, but didn't see the person I was spending time with as the person
who caused those feelings. So I guess we can't know when we're in love. We
just have to accept that every day we're alone, brings us one more day closer
to the person we're going to spend the rest and the best of our lives with.'

'I wish that was you...'

'You'll meet someone soon, I promise you Claudia.'

'Why? I would swear it is you.'

Her grip on my hand became tighter. At the same time she played with her hair
with her other hand. I could see that in the corner of my view. Then I took
her hand and brought it to my lips while keeping the road in my view. I kissed
her gently while a tear escaped from my left eye. It fell on the driver's
seat. "Why am I going to let distance decide about my future with Claudia?"

At the beach

After we left the car at Claudia's residence (her parent's vacation home), we
decided to walk towards the beach. We didn't walk hand in hand like it was
some kind of Romantic feel good movie. No. We walked next to each other,
bought two donuts at a Pastisseria/Konditorei called Fleca on carrer del Freu.
Okay, I admit, I don't know if Fleca was a name or Spanish for something like
bread. Eventually we made it to the beach.

'You know what we should do?' I asked her.

'Surprise me.'

So we walked to the bar at the beach where we met at the first day and took a
seat. I ordered a Sangria. Of course I preferred a Corona normally, but this
wasn't normal. Today was all about saying goodbye. Claudia looked at me with
much joy when she heard how I spoke a little Spanish when I ordered those
drinks.

'I'm surprised you learned a little Spanish.'

'I have a good teacher lately', I responded. Then I kissed her on her lips
before I paid for the Sangria.

'You're in a hurry Marc?' She asked when I already paid.

'I think about missing my bus to be honest.'

'Don't panic, it won't happen.'

'Maybe I want it to happen. Can you imagine another week?'

'If that happened, you should never leave. It's already hard to say goodbye
now. At a point where we don't even know our family names. I couldn't life
with you leaving after two of such amazing weeks.'

'I agree. I wouldn't survive you either after one more week of this. Maybe
it's also a sign.'

'Did you ever think about marriage and having children?'

'Never. Before I met you, I never thought about anything.'

'Why?'

'Because in my opinion. Thinking is like a decease when it comes to future. I
mean, ask yourself for ones. When are you happy?'

'I am happy now.'

'Me too! But I mean in general Claudia. I have experienced so many times when
someone shared his or her expectations of life. I think that so many people
are unhappy because they have too many expectations of their life and they
only think they can be happy when they meet their expectations.'

'So when do you feel happy? I mean in general.'

'It's not about being happy. That's the mistake we all tend to make. What
really matters, is feeling complete. And in general, we tend to aim for goals
that are so far out of reach that we'll never be able to fulfil them.'

'Sounds depressing to me Marc. That last part.'

'We all like to be the ones that make a difference for someone else. But what
if, what if we're the ones that need to be saved?'

'I don't know. But I know one thing.'

'You are very intelligent. That's one thing I got to know about you these
days.'

'Okay, one thing about you.. That I know.'

'What?'

'I will never find you again. You're special.' She leaned forwards and her
lips met mine. We made out while sitting at "the" bar. The bar where we met.
While we were kissing, the moment when I saw her first popped into my mind.
Her eyes, her smile, the warmth I felt when being with her. This was love.

Her Apartment

We spend the most of the time we had left on the beach. The air was cool and
the sounds the tourist around us caused, made it sound so peaceful. We heard
laughter anywhere from anyone, but from my point of view, it could also be the
laughter from our hearts. We ate a Pizza in an Italian restaurant called, okay
I don't know what it is called. It was a restaurant below apartments La
Pineda. If my memory is as good as I think, it's address is Carrer Salines 16.
If you try google maps it probably will disappoint you.

But eventually we made it back to the apartment that was owned by her parents
called del Sol.

I was relaxing on the sofa while Claudia turned on the radio. We had a lot in
common when it came to music. She put on a CD of Enrique Iglesias. It was
Escape. The first CD I ever bought in my life. She joined me on the sofa and
we were laying against each other. I played a little with her hair while she
kept her hands below her face as some kind of pillow. I could hear she enjoyed
it. Escape was playing, my favourite number. I almost began to sing when I
heard Claudia singing: 'You can run, you can hide but, you can't escape my
love.' And then I was lost. I almost drowned in such good feelings. But she
continued, like she could read my mind. 'It's hard to forget the past so fast.
It was good (pause), it was real. And you can't escape my love.' I kissed her
on her right cheek and told her I would never want to escape her. When the
next song (Don't Turn Of The Lights) came on, we were dancing together.
Claudia was singing while I just acted like I did. Like it was a duet. Cause
this vacation was a duet. It was Claudia and me. One memory, one real good
memory. And then it was five in the afternoon. It was almost time to say our
last goodbye...

Our Goodbye

We really had to ran from her apartment to mine which was a few streets
further. I still had to pack my stuff and the bus back to the Netherlands
would arrive sooner than later. We were both laughing and held each other's
hand tightly. Like we were one of those couples from an action movie. And when
we finally arrived, we were out of breath when we saw the letters Miami. The
name of my Apartment. When we were at the corner near my apartment, Claudia
told me she hated saying goodbye.

'I don't want to see you leaving in a bus. It would feel like they tear you
away from me. It would feel too much like we are forced to split up.'

'But Claudia, you don't have to be here when I leave. We can say goodbye on
our own terms. I don't like it either. (I wept of a tear from her left cheek)
I can't stand the thought of seeing you slowly pulled towards the background.
Even if the truth is that it's me who is leaving you.'

'We knew that this moment was coming. But it's still hard to accept.'

'I Know, I know. If I could, I would stay. I feel like I belong here with
you.'

'What are we going to do?'

'We have each other's phone numbers right? We can keep in touch.'

'You know how it ends. In the beginning we talk a lot. Eventually the only
thing that remains is our daily drama because we never get to see the good
anymore. And then eventually we will remember each other as a fading normal
romance.'

'I feel the same. I don't want to forget you, I mean this, I mean us Claudia.'
(we hugged)

'This may sound strange to you, but maybe we have to erase each other's phone
number.'

(I sighed) 'I am not going to ask for an explanation.'

'Why?'

'Do you think I still have to ask what you're thinking and feeling?'

'So you think it's a good idea?'

'Those do not exist Claudia. Only good intentions.'

'I'm going to miss you Marc.'

'I feel fortunate that I have gotten to know you. You're the best that
happened to me.'

'I have another idea. Let's say, if were still feeling the same about this
week over ten years, we'll meet again here in Estartit.'

'Do you really think that will happen?' I asked.

'We just have to be patience.'

(This time, it was me that made the step. I placed my hands on her hips and
pulled her towards me. We made out for probably the last time in our lives,
with each other.)

'I had the time of my life Claudia.'

'Me too Marc. These were seven wonderful days.'

I took my phone and she took hers. I gave her mine, she gave me hers. We
erased our numbers at the same time while looking in each other's eyes. And I
was wrong. We made out another time before we slowly let each other go.

'You have to hurry up now. Or else you miss you're bus.'

(I grabbed her hand, the same hand I took at the second day we saw each other
and I kissed her hand while looking in her eyes.)

'I know.'

(I let her arm go and I turned away. It was the hardest thing I ever did, but
I knew she wouldn't be able to walk away first. So, I wasn't going to let her
go through that.)

'Marc. (I turned around) Let's see each other again.' She blinked with her
angel-like smile. A smile was appearing on my face when she turned around and
walked away. I would never forget that image ever again. I walked towards the
entrance of the apartment with a smile, in my heart.

The clock was ticking when I entered our apartment. Bas, Jacco and Ronald were
all done packing. They had also packed my stuff and they told I had to shower
first because I stank. I smelled too much like a girl. They should've known.
So, I showered in six minutes and when I returned in the living room, I also
noticed everything was cleaned up. And, a corona was standing on the kitchen.

'Come one Marc, one last drink', my brother said. I joined the others on the
balcony. Our luggage was already downstairs.

'Have you enjoyed your vacation Marc?' Bas asked.

'I can't find the right words. Let me put it this way, couldn't be any
better.'

'So tell us about Claudia, is she coming to the Netherlands anytime soon?'
Jacco asked.

'No, I'm quite sure of that.'

'At least you have each other's number.'

'Well... how did you all spend the last days?' I asked.

'The usual thing. We had a good time. The three of us.' Bas said.

'And we're glad you also didn't make a mistake Marc', Ronald added.

'Yeah, he's finally human.' Bas said jokingly.

'Let's toast, to the next toast!' Jacco ended our little reunion.

Ten minutes later we were in the bus. Ronald and Jacco were asleep I guessed.
Bas was also struggling to stay awake. I looked at him and he nodded at me
with a smile. I took my phone, her number was gone, I knew that. We also
didn't make a lot of photo's. Claudia and I actually didn't use our cell
phones at any time. Then when I opened my gallery, I found a picture of her.
With only red lipstick, a blue long sleeved shirt. I closed my eyes with that
picture in my mind and heard her say: 'Let's see each other again.'

** **

**This was the seventh day wonderful. Of course there will be more wonderful days for me like there are and will be for you. But these seven days were about you and me. And more than this will not happen. I still cherish my moments with you of course. Even though I know you will never be reading this, I do want to say that I'm happy you found the one you spend the rest of your life with. And I finally figured out that it wasn't me you were with in Amsterdam.**

** **

**This whole series is dedicated to:**

** **

**Claudia **

**Ronald (my brother)**

**Bas (sort of a brother)**

**Jacco (a good friend)**

