### Run to You by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-03-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Fucking idiot, I thought as I started walking toward the field. We had cheer practice today and I was going to be late if I wasn�t there in the next two minutes. Who does he think he is? 

* * *

Giana’s POV

“Shut the fuck up okay?” I said. “You don’t know what the hell you’re talking
about.”

Austen looked back at me evenly. “I do know what the hell I’m talking about,
Giana, and I won’t shut the fuck up because you fucking cheated on me!” His
voice rose by the second. “With some loser in the locker room! Really? He’s a
nobody! And you don’t even know him! What the hell, Giana? What the hell?”

“He’s not a nobody!” I argued. “He’s the sweetest guy I’ve ever met and you
don’t even come
close![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) to him.
And it wasn’t in the locker room. Hell, I never cheated on you at all! You
fucking idiot! You think you can go accusing me of something you’re basing on
fucking rumors that Sara fucking Letterman started? She hates me! She hates us
as a couple. She’s been in love with you ever since seventh grade and she’s
been trying to force us apart since we got together.” I took a deep breath.
“Maybe you belong with her, because you sure as hell don’t belong with me.
We’re done, Austen.”

He stood with his mouth slightly agape, his eyes widening. “Done?” he echoed.

I rolled my eyes and stormed away, leaving all my crackling lightning behind
and Austen in the dust. I didn’t deserve him. I deserved better, and Carson
had showed me that.

_Fucking idiot,_ I thought as I started walking toward the field. We had cheer
practice today and I was going to be late if I wasn’t there in the
next![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) two
minutes. _Who does he think he is?_

* * *

Carson’s POV

I sat on the bleachers, my eyes searching for her familiar figure, her long
dark hair, and her blue and grey cheer outfit. She was the captain, which
meant she had to be here. She never missed a practice.

Out of my peripheral vision, I saw her walk out of the building and start
sprinting towards the field. Her ponytail swung as she ran, like a hypnotizing
pocket watch. I was hypnotized, that was for sure.

I couldn’t hear what she was saying, but in a few minutes, the cheerleaders
divided up into small groups and began to stretch together.

“Hey fucker,” said a voice behind me.

My stomach dropped. “What do you want, Austen?” I said, not turning around.

He grabbed the hood of my black sweatshirt and yanked me to my feet, forcing
me to face him. “You’re coming with me.”

“Says who?”

“Me.”

He half dragged me behind the bleachers despite my struggles and threw me to
the ground. As I started to get up, he kicked my stomach. I gasped and fell to
my knees.

“You think you can fuck my girlfriend? Huh? Answer me, dammit!”

“She’s—” I struggled for air.

“She’s what, Carson? What?”

“Not your girlfriend,” I finished, sucker-punching him in the
gut![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png). He
stumbled back. “She deserves better than you.”

Austen sucked in a breath before tackling me to the ground.

_Dumbass,_ I reminded myself, _he’s the captain of the wrestling team,
remember?_

One blow to the face.

Two.

Three.

Four.

Five.

I lost count as I slipped out of consciousness.

* * *

Giana’s POV

Hot water streamed from my throat to my stomach as I wiped the back of my neck
with a towel.

“Okay, ladies, we’re done for today. Remember, five o’clock tomorrow and no
later. The game starts at six.”

My girls slung their bags over their sweaty shoulders and trekked across the
field together, leaving only Panera and me.

“So,” she said, “how’d it go?”

I rolled my eyes. “He didn’t take it well.”

“I didn’t think so. But honestly, don’t shoot me for saying this, but you two
never belonged together. You were always fighting and he never apologized,
just gave you a rose or some other cliché shit.”

I nodded, realizing she was right. “Well, Carson is better.”

“Where is he, by the way? Wasn’t he supposed to meet us at the bleachers?”

My eyes scanned the bleachers. They were empty. “This isn’t like him. He keeps
his promises,” I said, beginning to feel frantic. “Carson?”

“Carson?” Panera yelled.

No reply.

I ran to an old spot where Austen and I used to make out at night in secret, a
little secluded section behind the bleachers. As my legs carried me as fast as
I would go, a sinking feeling filled my heart, somehow knowing what had
happened.

I was right.

Panera gasped.

There was blood everywhere, and a cigarette butt lay
next![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) to
Carson’s left ear.

That was Austen’s trademark.

* * *

Carson’s POV

The sound of crying faded into audibility as I slowly opened my eyes. A bright
light blinded me momentarily and I took in my surroundings. I was in a
hospital with an IV
attached![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) to my
left arm.

My head hurt like a bitch and my stomach
ached![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) and
grumbled. “Hello?” I said in a raspy voice.

Giana’s familiar face came into view. She’d clearly been crying, and my heart
broke at the sight of her. “You’re awake!” she exclaimed. “You’ve been out for
a few hours, but the
doctors![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) say
you should be good as new in a couple weeks.”

“What…what happened?” I asked, faintly remembering the smell of a burning
cigarette.

She sighed. “I broke up with him and he attacked you during cheer practice.”

I closed![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) my
eyes. _Of course. Who else hates me more than Austen?_

“Are you okay?”

She laughed sadly. “Me? I’m fine. I’m the one who should be asking that about
you. How do you feel?”

“My head hurts, and my stomach aches,” I admitted, then instantly regretted
doing so. Giana’s eyes widened and she jumped up to get a
nurse![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png),
disappearing from the room.

_No,_ I thought sadly, _don’t go. Don’t leave me._

**Sorry I haven't posted in a long time. I'll try to update this story more often :)**

