### Run to You 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-03-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** I felt warm lips press against my forehead and opened my eyes to see Carson staring back at me. His beautiful blue eyes stunned me; how come I hadn�t noticed them before? 

* * *

Carson's POV

Giana returned a few minutes later with a
nurse![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) trailing
behind her. “How are you feeling?” she asked, her nametag reading _Serena._

“Eh,” I offered.

Giana rolled her eyes and sat on the chair
next![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) to the
bed. As the nurse changed the fluid for my IV, I watched Giana tuck a lone
strand of hair behind her ear. Her hair was still pulled back into a ponytail,
and she still had her cheer outfit on.

“How long have you been here?” I asked her.

“I don’t know,” she replied glumly. “Three hours, maybe?”

“Have you eaten anything?” _She’s been here for three hours?_

“No.”

“Why not? You had practice; you must be hungry.”

“Eh,” she said.

I smiled, knowing she’d purposely thrown my words back at me. That was one of
the things I loved about her: her humor.

“Well, are you going to get anything to eat?”

“I don’t know,” she confessed. “I’m not that hungry.”

“Are you okay?” She was usually starving after practice. This wasn’t like her
at all. “Do you need to lay down?”

She let out a choked laugh. “I’m not the one who got beat up.”

I shook my head. “Maybe not physically, but…”

“I don’t know what I saw in him,” she said quietly. “He’s a complete jerk, and
I let him treat me so all the time. I don’t know when I lost my dignity.”

“Hey.” I reached over and took her hand, feeling her cool, smooth skin on my
callused palm. “You deserve the best, and it’s good you realized that. You
didn’t lose your dignity; you never lost it. You almost let it slip through
your fingers, that’s all. And it’s not your fault what happened. You didn’t
know he was going to do this.”

She gave me a tiny smile. “Thanks. You always know what to say.”

I grinned. “I try.”

We sat—well, I laid down—in a peaceful silence, the only noise coming from our
beating hearts and the commotion outside the door.

* * *

Giana’s POV

I felt warm lips press against my forehead and opened my eyes to see Carson
staring back at me. His beautiful blue eyes stunned me; how come I hadn’t
noticed them before?

“Hey,” he said softly.

“Hey,” I replied. “How are you feeling?”

“Eh.”

I rolled my eyes, realizing that I wanted to stay in that
position![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) for
eternity. His chest was such a comfortable place to lay my head on…

The door opened and I quickly sat up. Carson struggled to as well, and I could
tell it hurt, so I gently pushed his shoulder so he would lie back down. He
did so reluctantly. “Hey Mom. And Dad.”

I could see the resemblance now; Carson’s light sandy hair was the same as his
father’s, and his blue eyes were from his mother.

Quickly jumping to my feet, I offered my hand. “Giana Portsmith,” I said. “I’m
a friend of Carson’s.”

Mrs. Decker smiled, as did Mr. Decker. “Pleasure to meet you,” Mrs. Decker
said, shaking my hand. “I understand you’ve been here since Carson arrived?”

I nodded while shaking Carson’s dad’s hand.

“Thank you,” he said. “Do you know what happened?”

Carson looked away and I sat back down next to him. His parents took the two
other seats in the room, which were below the window near the bed.

He took my hand silently and discreetly, holding it beneath the covers.

“Do you want me to tell them?” I asked him quietly.

“If you want to.”

I knew Carson wasn’t on the best of terms with his mother at the moment, since
she was pushing him to attend a college he didn’t want to go to. That’s all I
knew, though.

“I…I broke up with my boy—ex-boyfriend,” I said,
correcting![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png)
myself, “who though I cheated on him with Carson, which is not true. And
he…well, he went and beat Carson up pretty badly. I found him unconscious
behind the bleachers after cheer.”

Mrs. Decker sighed. “Carson, I hope you didn’t instigate anything.”

I was horrified, stunned, that she would even consider that her son, sweet,
gentle, kind Cason, could make Austen want to hurt him.

“No,” I said fiercely in Carson’s defense. “It wasn’t his fault at all. It’s
Austen’s fault for being the bull-headed idiot he is.”

Carson glanced at me, shooting me a warning look. _Don’t, _he seemed to say,
_it’s not worth it. She doesn’t give a fuck as long as she can blame me._

“Eloise, don’t. Let him rest,” Mr. Decker said gently.

_Just like his father,_ I thought.

Mrs. Decker stood and left the
room![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) without
another word.

“I apologize for my wife,” Carson’s dad said to me. “She’s not in the best of
moods today.”

I nodded in understanding and felt Carson grip my hand tighter.

“Carson, how are you feeling?”

“Fine now,” Carson mumbled.

“Giana, right?”

I met Mr. Decker’s eyes and nodded.

“Would you mind giving Carson and me a moment? It won’t take long, don’t
worry.”

“Of course![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png).
Come get me when you’re finished.” I left the room, reluctantly leaving Carson
behind, and went to look for a vending machine. Though as hungry as I was, I
wasn’t sure if I’d be able to eat.

* * *

Carson’s POV

“Carson,” Dad
started![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png), “I
know I should’ve told you this sooner, but…”

My stomach dropped. Whatever was coming, I knew it wasn’t good.

“Yeah?”

“Your![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png) mother
and I…we’ve decided to get a divorce.”

I blinked. “What?”

“Sometimes people can’t live together even if they want to try, Carson. It’s
for the best. I know this is going to be hard, but we both love you so much
and we only want you to be happy.”

I stared at my father. He looked tired, worn down. “When?”

“I’m sorry?”

“When did you decide?”

“Last week. We didn’t know when to tell you, but I thought today would be a
good time, as things can’t get any worse…”

I suddenly wished Giana were here with me, holding my hand, or letting me feel
the soft comfort of her in my arms. I needed her now. “Are you…is this gonna
happen before I graduate?”

He nodded solemnly.

“So I have to choose who I want to live with, right?”

He nodded
again![](http://cdncache-a.akamaihd.net/items/it/img/arrow-10x10.png).

“I guess I always knew this would happen,” I said, laughing humorlessly.

He looked at me quizzically. “You did?”

“Well yeah. You and Mom are polar opposites that don’t attract. You’ve never
hugged once in my entire lifetime and you’re just…I don’t know, so different.
And she’s never really around a lot, but you are. I don’t know how you ever
got married in the first place.”

To my surprise, my dad laughed. “Yeah, I really don’t know either.”

“Are you happy about it?” I asked, not sure of what the answer would be.

He hesitated. “I am, although I don’t know if I should be.”

“Why not?”

“She should tell you.”

I sighed. “Like she’s actually gonna take five minutes of her day to talk to
me.”

My father shook his head. “She loves you, Carson, but in her own way.”

“Well her way is kinda fucked up.”

“She’s just different, that’s all.”

A moment of silence passed.

“I’ll go get Giana.”

He got up and left, leaving me to my thoughts.

_Giana, where are you…I need you…help me. I love you._

