### Blood pressure 17 by LevisDina

**Date Added:** 2015-03-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** �- Wake up sleeping beauty! - What the hell Alexzander?! - Slept well? He asks as he bites an apple while sitting on my bed. - What just happened? - You passed out honey. Right in Ethan�s arms. How romantic, he adds with an amused smile while taking another bite.� Fuck I hate this guy. 

* * *

\- Wake up sleeping beauty.

This voice sounds familiar. But like in an unpleasant-familiar way.

\- What the hell Alexzander?

I’m slowly opening my eyes but am soon blinded by the light. Seems like I’m at
the hospital.

\- Slept well? He asks as he bites an apple while sitting on my bed.

\- What just happened? I say as I try to sit up straight.

\- You passed out honey. Right in Ethan’s arms. How romantic, he adds with an
amused smile while taking another bite in his apple.

I’m closing my eyes as I try to remember how I ended up here but the Viking
interrupts my thoughts. With his tall slim figure, his blond hair, blue eyes
and pale face, he looks more like a finish vampire clearing lacking hemoglobin
than a Swedish Viking actually. But his accent always betrays him. He’s
Swedish.

\- Seriously you should have seen him. Carrying you like a princess with his
anxious face…

\- OK That’s enough. Why are you here anyway? Now that your connection with
the AKME Group has been brought up to light, I would have thought you’d be
gone by now…

\- This alleged connection was just a cover silly. I had to fake working with
Ferguson so that he would cut off some slack to Ethan.

\- You took my blood every single day!

\- And you didn’t die so stop whining, will you? He says annoyed.

\- You bloody moron… I say as I lean forward to slap him but he grabs my hand
and push me back against the pillow.

\- You may have not notice but you’re weak right now. So if I don’t expect
gratitude from you even if I saved your ass, if I were you, I would at least
watch my mouth.

\- You’re right. Don’t expect gratitude from me. You made me go through hell
and you lied to me all this time.

He smiles as he processes what I just said and slowly releases me.

\- I get it, he says like pleased with himself.

\- What? I ask angry as I sit up straight again.

\- Both men you truly love lied to you and since you can’t admit how much
you’re pissed off with them right now, you take your frustration on me. That’s
fine honey, he says with a wink.

I open my mouth to tell him how much he’s wrong but nothing comes out. I close
it slowly as I realize that he might be right. I pinch the bridge of my nose
and close my eyes. Fuck I hate this guy.

\- I need to get out of here, I finally say as I try to get out of the bed.

\- Wow, no no no, you stay here, he says while blocking me in bed.

\- Fuck off Alexz. I might be weak but I can still beat the shit out of you.

My voice is cold as ice and my eyes are trying to freeze him on the spot.

\- OK… How about that? I tell you a secret and you forget everything I’ve done
to you.

\- Not interested, I snap as I finally get out of bed.

I’m trying to look for my clothes in the closet – right now, I’m wearing this
ugly white blouse they give you when you’re admitted in the hospital – but all
I can find is a pair of black jeans and a T-shirt. The pair of jeans seems to
be my size but the T-shirt is a bit too large. Whatever. I put on the jean
under the white blouse

\- Fine so you won’t know why you passed out, he says relaxed as he takes
another bite of his apple.

I turn my back to him and take off the blouse to put on quickly the T-shirt.
Once I’m ready, I face Alexz again.

\- Spit it out.

He smiles again but this time I’m losing patience.

\- Let’s make another deal: You tell me everything you know and I’ll make sure
Izzy knows you exist.

\- She already does honey, he says with the confidence only a guy who has
already reached his goal can have.

\- Fine, then how about I keep my mouth shut regarding your connection with
Ferguson? Izzy is extremely loyal and if she knows you made a deal with the
AKME CEO before entering the agency in order to betray your friend Ethan, no
doubts she’ll be disappointed, I say quite proud of myself while crossing my
arms.

\- But I’ve already told you it was for Ethan’s sake!

\- You can always try to explain her that but once she’ll see you as a
traitor, it will be hard to make her trust you again…

I may sound evil but deep down, I know I won’t be able to lie to Izzy. For
some reason, she really likes him and I wouldn’t take that away from her. So
I’m just hoping he’ll buy it. When you think of it, it’s also a good test: If
he really cares about her, he won’t take the risk having their story destroyed
by a stupid lie.

\- You’re not as innocent as I thought… He says reluctantly as I sight of
relieve internally.

\- So?

\- You got shot during the fight.

\- Excuse me?

\- You don’t remember getting shot on the scapula?

As I try to recall the battle on the road, I suddenly remember.

\- Fuck! The syringe! But I took it off straight after!

\- You still got infected by the poison.

\- What is it exactly?

\- Something only your lover’s blood can heal… He says sneering.

\- Why would they…

\- Jeez! You ARE very slow when you want! These guys were sent by the board
members to take you both down. But in case they failed, they at least wanted
to make sure you would stay together…

\- So that we would stay an easy target: 2 for 1… I say as I sit on the bed
shocked.

\- And in this case, what best than infecting one of them so that he or she
would desperately need the other one to heal?

\- Are you saying it’s permanent?

\- That’s the bad news… You’ll need his blood on a regular basis until our
scientists find a way to cure you permanently.

\- Does it affect my blood?

\- No. It “just” drain you all of your energy, he says with an ironic smile

\- So… How comes I woke up?

\- That’s the second secret. You own me something better than a “non-threat”
for this one…

\- I’ll see. Speak now.

\- Gabriel took precautions. He froze some his blood over the past few weeks
in case of something like this would happen.

\- How… What?

I’m lost. How could he anticipate such a situation?

\- When you passed out, Ethan spotted directly the mark on your scapula. It
didn’t take him long before getting what it was. So he called directly Gabriel
but hang up before the first ring when he realized that if he’d tell G, he
would probably come back and the board member’s plan would have worked. He
asked the doctors to find you a cure but of course, they couldn’t… So
yesterday, Ethan finally put his pride aside and called your lover. But
Gabriel said he had been freezing some of his blood for the last few weeks…
Apparently, he feared you and him would be separated. He said he wanted to
make sure that if you chose Ethan, you wouldn’t have to worry to contact him
ever again.

That last sentence is probably the one that hurts the most. How could he think
for one second that I would go for Ethan instead of him? I guess that’s what
it looked like though…

\- So that’s it? They gave me a drop of his blood and I was “fixed”?

\- Yep! Magical! God I wish I could do that too… It’s kind of hot when you
think of it, he says while leaning back and resting on his right elbow as he
keeps eating this bloody apple. I mean, of course not with you but imagine for
a second my blood would be a drug for Izzy? I’m sure it would spice up our
sexual encounters…

\- Shut up for God’s sake! There’s only you to transform that into a sexual
thing…

I’m such a hypocrite here… That’s also the first thing I thought when Gabriel
enlightened me with this entire blood thing…

\- I need to speak with Ethan.

\- Huh huh, the Viking says while shaking his head. He’s kind of busy right
now…

\- Where is he?

\- With the board members.

\- What…

\- Explaining to them that now that you entered the A category, they can’t
attempt anything anymore against you.

\- Wait a minute… The A category… Isn’t it just for…

\- Just for the CEO and his or her partner, depending of course of his or her
sexual orientation…

\- For Christ’s Sake Alexzander! Get to the point!

\- Congratulation honey! You’re now the official partner of the most powerful
men in the world! How does it feel being called Mrs. Pierce?

