### Maybe it's love, maybe it is. Chapter-1 by Cool15

**Date Added:** 2015-03-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   
TRINGGGG TRINGGG TRIGGGG! Ethan groaned as he tried to find the switch for the
damn alarm but he found it difficult to move with some random chick sprawled
all over him obviously unaffected by all that annoying noise the alarm was
making. He shoved her off, irritated and reached for the alarm and got out of
bed. "oh...Ethan honey... Cummon! Just some more time." moaned the unknown
blonde. He glared at her and threw her clothes on her face. "leave. Now. Do I
have to pay you for last night? I don't remember. If I do then ask Burke he'll
give it to you on your way out. Now if you'll excuse me I have a meeting to
attend." the girl was shocked and then silently packed her stuff and left.  
This was how Ethan was, a new girl almost every night. None of whose names he
knew. He dint even want to. He dint care. He quickly went to his room and
changed into the clothes Burke laid out for him and went down to breakfast.
Goldie his dog came into the kitchen wagging his tail. Goldie and Burke were
his only true companions the only ones who never left his side unlike his
parents and his sister. He left to work.ï¿½  
Emma rushed out of her house. She couldn't beleive she was this late to her
first day at work! She was having problems with her landlord. The stubborn
women wouldn't agree to just wait for a few more days before she got her first
salary. She was always behind her back. It was very difficult for Emma. What
with student loans piled up to the roof? She finally found a job that could
get her settled. She was a brilliant student always first in her class and she
intended for the same reputation to continue even in her job. She had a
meeting with the CEO of the company at 9 and it was already 8:30! She was
barely gonna make it in time. She walked as fast as she could in her heels.
She had to go home for Christmas at least this year. It had been almost two
years since she met her parents. She missed them terribly but her budget was
really tight. She could barely even speak to her mom and dad nowadays...  

