### Sweet Romance - The Vicar by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-03-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The Vicar's wife has gone to live with her lover and Kate, between boyfriends, takes an interest in what she considers would be his most pressing personal requirement. 

* * *

** **

Kate Wilson watched her mum Sharon talking to the vicar and wondered if he’d
turned gay or become celibate after his wife left him six months ago for a car
salesman.

He’d looked over her mum’s shoulder once and perhaps he might do it again.

She waited patiently until he glanced at her again and she pounced,
deliberately plucking at her right nipple.

Well that was a great result.

The clouds above them had not parted with a lofty voice booming ‘Mrs Wilson
control your wicked daughter; she’s being sexually provocative with one of my
foot soldiers’.

And ho-hum, David Mace appeared to require confirmation of her lusty interest
in him. Either that or was planning how to get Kate evicted from the
community.

Kate resolutely reached across her chest and cupped and wobbled the other
breast.

The vicar looked away abruptly and then to Kate’s delight he pulled out his
handkerchief and dabbed his brow.

Oooh she’d have to buy some condoms from Boots Pharmacy as presumable the
clergy wouldn’t be seen dead buying them to avoid setting tongues waggling.
Oooh perhaps she was getting ahead of herself a little.

Kate was willing to bet her mother’s generation thought similarly to their
mothers that the clergy primarily marry to have someone alongside them to
answer the phone and to make and pour tea for visitors.

“Darling come over say good morning to The Revered Mace.”

Kate, who liked her private jokes, wandered up to them wondering how her mum
had guessed she was ready to come for the vicar.

The 26-year old blonde tennis coach for juniors and new-start adults at the
Croswell Tennis and Squash club held out her hand and when they shook she
squeezed his hand powerfully.

“Hi David are you still missing the wife?”

Her mum now puce-faced gasped and croaked “Kate.”

“It’s fine Mrs Wilson. I’m disappointed that everyone but Kate wants to
pretend I wasn’t humiliated by Isobel walking out on me but the fact is I was
shamed by her hurtful actions.”

Kate continued smoothly, “Have you begun dating again David?”

He smiled, presumably at her using his first name confidently, “No because
Isobel and I are still married.”

“Oh I understand the difficulty. But you could date me well away from this
parish if you wish and of course some people today manage to date without
having sex.”

“Omigod Kate whatever’s wrong with you. For the life of me…”

The vicar appeared to be enjoying himself.

“It’s all right Mrs Wilson. Kate is simply talking to me like a normal person
who hasn’t placed me on a pedestal because I’m their vicar. Please let her
be.”

Kate reached into her shoulder bag and handed the Vicar her card and he
pocketed it watched by the horrified Mrs Wilson and he departed smiling.

Kate was dragged into the nearby tearooms because her mother was feeling faint
and the first two gulps of PG Tips returned her colour to normal.

“Kate I forbid you to keep on teasing the vicar like that.”

“Mum I’m not teasing; in fact I’m serious. The poor guy needed to get out and
away from the flock and enjoy my exhilarating company and if he wants to get a
leg over I promise I’ll ensure we do it discreetly.”

Sharon moaned, “Omigod Kate you are acting like a whore with our vicar.”

“Mum here’s another promise; I’ll not charge him mum. There that should make
you feel better.”

“I can’t believe this,” Sharon sniffed and reached for her hanky.

“Mum just in case you are not aware of this people do have recreational sex
and probably more than a half billion people in this world are banging away
enjoying themselves as we speak. You really do need to rev yourself up to date
with life.”

* * *

At 9:00 that evening Kate picked up her phone on the second ‘bleep’.

“Hi I’ve been waiting for you to call.”

“I’ve gone two hours resisting the temptation…”

She cut in, “And then you came to your senses/”

He laughed a little weakly and asked what she was doing.

“Playing with myself.”

He cleared his throat and she filled the lull be saying actually she was on
her laptop looking for promotions of new season’s boots.

“Whatever for?”

“To wear when the colder weather arrives. I buy early to avoid missing out.”

“That indicates an orderly mind.”

“Thanks, I appreciate the compliment. Now assuming you have called to discuss
dating, I realize we must be very discreet but our intelligence makes us aware
that no matter how careful we are in any association we have that someone may
come across us and trigger tongues to waggle.”

“Well there’s no problem because I called you to say I can’t date you, not
while I’m still married.”

Kate said well yes such a stance was to be expected.

She heard him sigh and she said however another option was they could meet 50
miles away from Croswell and walk through a park chatting and stopping to feed
the ducks.

He offered no response.

She said firmly, then again perhaps something more exciting would be to meet a
few miles out of town in a secluded area, liked under trees not fenced off
from the road. They could sit and talk in her car until he felt it was time to
go home or he was ready to kiss her and even grope a little.

He said sounding a little tense that was a bid to triple the temptation.

“Kate what I don’t understand is why did you decide to hit on me?”

“Because I’m a little promiscuous and am not in a steady relationship. When
you were talking to my mother I thought there was a good looking guy who right
now probably could do with me in his arms.”

David sniffed and said Kate would have no idea what a struggle she was putting
him through.

“Be that as it may David it remains your choice. You have to decide if you
wish to sin and then assess the off-shoot issues. I have no wish to apply
pressure to corrupt you and so good night David. Call me if you decide to opt
out of everything or you wish to further discuss your struggle.”

Kate cut the call.

She sighed and hoped he’d call back soon. He wouldn’t see her at church
because she hadn’t been to general attendance at a church since she left
boarding school.

Later in bed she wondered what had made David’s wife start straying before she
finally left him. Oh god, was he that bad at sex? She smiled and thought
nothing had changed; she’s always been a little impetuous but in being trained
to become a professional sports coach she’d learned how to assess people and
how to adjust to deal with their ways. David would at times feel the need for
sex, being only thirty-five according to her mum and now knew that a keen
younger woman was prepared to wallow with him.

“Would a clergyman feel free to think he could wallow in sex?” she yawned,
thinking how severe and narrow some churchgoers were in their thinking. Yes
and her mum who unfortunately had been an only child was rather like that but
perhaps the kinder word for her was conservative.

Kate was thankful her mum was conservative. Kate believed her dad, a senior
manager in Government service, would not be told about his daughter’s brazen
conversation with the vicar and then having the audacity to try to date the
chap who’d been abandoned by his adulterous wife.

Two nights later Kate answered her phone in bed and noting who the caller was.

“Hi David, I’ve been waiting for your call as I have worried that I’ve
stressed you.”

“No it’s fine. I’ve taken the time to reflect deeply and I no longer think of
you as a dangerous woman.”

Kate almost dropped the phone in surprise thinking she certainly didn’t merit
that tag. But she remained silent, judging that to be her best option.

“I’ve decided I’d like to accept your offer and meet some distance from here
and walk through a park talking, preferable a park with tearooms.”

“And feed the ducks?”

He laughed and said he’d thought she had added that just to tone down her
proposal.

“No,” she laughed. “One of my favourite memories as a small girl was feeding
ducks with my granny. She used to say doing the simple and yet pleasant thing
was good for peace of mind.”

“Hmmm your granny was on to something in thinking like that.”

“She rarely went to church.”

“Are you saying it’s an exception for good thinkers not to be regular
churchgoers?”

“Er no; I’ve got myself into a hole here. My mind seems to work better when I
look forward rather that backwards.”

“Perhaps you are unaware that’s because it’s the way your mind has been
trained.”

Kate began to panic as the conversation was becoming rather deep and way from
the real topic of conversation and she bleated, “David I have no idea about
parks up to fifty miles away from here and whether they have ducks and
tearooms.”

“That’s fine but I’m sure a young woman with your touch of panache and
intelligence will sort that one out. Kate in my mind we simply go to this park
for a stroll and to chat in an exploratory meeting of two souls that have
linked, for reasons we both understand, and we leave separately and return to
our respective homes.”

“And what, contemplate?”

“Ah I had earlier mentioned you and intelligence in the same breath Kate.”

“Thanks,” she said, her hand on her phone began to perspire.

“Well goodnight Kate and I must admit you have come into my life like a breath
of fresh air.”

The phone clicked and Kate was dismayed that she hadn’t been able to flash a
response before he cut the call.

She was confused. Was he saying he would like to have sex with her or were
their unbreakable barriers that would keep them apart physically and
emotionally?

She punched her pillow in frustration. Why was she putting herself through
this awkward situation?

In frustration her emotions responded and sent a couple of tears down her
cheek. And then softness seemed to sweep through her head. David had
understood her and that’s why he’d left her with words to think about: _she’d
impacted on him like a breath of fresh air_.

Kate sniffed and smiled and slowly her eyes closed and her breathing rate
slowed.

* * *

After coaching the Thomas twins for two hours late next morning who had
dispensation to be coached together because they did everything together and
presumably that meant the boyfriend who came along received double pleasure,
Kate had a two-hour gap and went on to the Internet to search for public parks
up to 50 miles from Croswell, a market-town.

Finally she selected a riverside park that had tearooms across the road and
had seen the comment there were ducks and swans on the slow-flowing river and
the location was only 33 miles away. She called David who c on firmed he was
free to talk, that he’d just finished a beef sandwich for lunch.

He greeted her news with enthusiasm and said he would be free on Thursday
after lunch.

“I hope this fine weather will last that long,” Kate said hopefully and he
said it would, making her wonder if he had divine intervention at his
fingertips. Um just joking she pouted to herself.

Kate called three clients about switching their coaching bookings from
Thursday afternoon after the head coach said why not take the entire day off,
that she had been working 7-days a week all through summer. And so she
switched the morning bookings as well and tried to push aside the negative
thought that David would probably call to cancel.

On Thursday morning she purchased a skirt of unfashionable length for her,
finishing way down to just two inches above the knee and chose a bra that
didn’t push her breasts up with such prominent fullness. She had her hair cut
less straggly and had her natural curls straightened out a little for a more
conservative appearance and thought she had a 40 to 60 chance that he’d notice
the changes.

She left early to the place they’d arranged to meet from the map they’d both
downloaded from the Internet and was pleased to find he was already there.

Kate walked up to David and he looked right past her checking the road that
brought traffic from the southeast.

“David?”

“Good gracious,” he said in obvious surprise. Kate!”

She assured him by saying yes.

“But your legs are practically hidden and your boobs um you bust has sunk and
golly, the hairdresser has ruined your hair.”

Kate laughed and sorted it for him.

“But why?”

“I didn’t think you’d like be seen by anyone walking with a younger woman that
might encourage them to think she might a prostitute.”

He boggled and then protested, “But I much prefer the real and almost
voluptuous Kate.”

Kate almost couldn’t believe he’d said that but was delighted that he’d read
her body sufficiently to describe her as being near voluptuous despite she
having nowhere near enough fat to rate her as being near voluptuous. He must
have had the images in mind of the curve of a breast and the sweep of a butt
cheek and his romantic mind had filled in the dots to his specification.

To put that misconception to bed she asked had he really rated her as been
near to curvaceous.

“Yes and that’s without knowledge of the nooks and crannies.”

Kate’s heart pumped a surge of blood through her body and she felt the almost
overwhelming desire to slam against him and begin thrusting but thankfully her
sensibility came to the fore; perhaps as she’d long suspected she possessed a
slice of her mum’s conservatism that some people would call good sense.

“Let’s walk,” she said huskily and they crossed the road and entered the park
with their swinging arms and flexing hips maintaining a fitting separation of
two to three inches apart.

Neither had brought food and so the water-fowl went without and Kate and David
laughed sharing that discovery of mutual forgetfulness.

Something eel-like came to the surface and pulled a duckling down into the
murky depths.

“Omigod,” Kate cried and impulsively mounted a probable pointless rescue by
surging. But David shot forward and grabbed her by the arm and that arrested
velocity swung her into his arms.

She began kissing his face softly but David failed to act er appropriately.
Instead of covering her face with sweet kisses he bent back a little, pulled
out his handkerchief (clean she hoped) and began wiping her tears and saying
not to worry, that in wildlife that was how it was meant to be.

She moaned, wanting David’s hands to roam all over her and to plunge a finger
or two into her. Alas not to be.

They walked through the park to cross to the tearooms and Kate, in good sense,
fought to disguise the fact that her body was fired into a pulsating sex
bucket. Her nipples were painfully erect, her vision was blurred and she was
leaking at her vulva.

Why was she being denied; couldn’t he comprehend she was desperate for a
plunging cock?

Aware she had to cool this passion, Kate slowed her breathing by closing her
mouth and for a few moments visualised cows grazing peacefully on lush
pasture, knowing that in being domesticated they were relatively safe from
predators. Capturing that image of pastoral bliss for five seconds was
sufficient to activate some sort of internal mechanism to switch off her
passion to return her to normality.

They both ordered tea, he a cream cake and she a ginger-nut biscuit.

“You’re not fat – come on, have a cream cake.”

“David it’s partly what I choose not to eat that keeps my body going beyond
being, as you would gave it, curvaceous.”

“Point taken and understood,” he said. “I just break out when I eat out and I
go to the gym at 6 a.m. three times a week for fitness and to work off
excessive eating.”

They chatted on and agreed it was lovely walking along the riverside in good
company and had been worth the effort.

Kate asked David did he play tennis.

“I’ve not played since my years at university and I’ll be rusty now. Why do
you ask?”

“Our tennis club has a Wednesday night group of professional people who play
indoor competitive interclub tennis. You could join our team as one of our two
reserves as we only have one at the moment. Meanwhile I could coach you for no
fee for an hour twice a week when I have slots available that fit in with your
schedule. You could do all this by becoming a social member of our club for
just ten pounds per annum and save the cost of full membership.”

“That sounds interesting but for what purpose?”

“So we can spend time together and be seen together in situations that will
raise no eyebrows. I play in the competition and if the team captain and her
deputy decide you are good enough to take the place of the next drop-out in
the team then you and I could become regular partners in mixed doubles. You
are bound to know many of the professional people including some who perhaps
attend you church.”

“But what if my wife comes back?”

“People around you knowing the hurt she’s caused you might not want her back
and might not expect you to be that forgiving. But whatever, keep in mind this
proposed association with me centres purely on social tennis with mutually
sporting and friendly people.”

“But Kate, I’ll see the full length of your legs when you are smashing a ball
or when you jump to take a high return early and at other times I’ll note your
breasts becoming very mobile… don’t you see what pressure I could be under?”

“Yes David I do but perhaps you’ll also see deep V’s and bouncing tits all
around you and women displaying even better shaped legs than mine. And there
will be glimpses of male legs extending right up into their shorts and
occasionally displaying a flash of their underpants. Also players will be
sweating and women who have overheated will have their nipples showing with
prominence as some nipples of males will also protrude. But David to borrow a
golfing term that’s just par for the course and after all who really is
shocked or become blinded by lust when the fact is there purpose for being
there for the tennis. I assume you will be used to similar sights as a regular
gym goer.”

David said firmly, “Yes Kate and I agree with that but you are missing the
point; the wobbling breasts and flashes of inner thighs where my focus would
be drawn would be yours. Since I first met you and came under the spell of
your outspokenness I’ve mostly blocked out thoughts of your breasts, your
buttocks and your inner thighs… oh and your inviting lips.”

“David are you sure you ought to be supressing such natural thoughts? It could
become injurious to your health.”

He grinned and Kate was relieved he’d reacted like that because he tended to
act rather seriously at times.

David then caught her by surprise.

“Kate why are you bothering to waste time with me?”

She managed to respond positively.

“I can’t say it’s because I feel you are worth it because there hasn’t been
enough time for me to decide that yet. But upon reflection I know so far I
haven’t wasted my time because trying to become friendly with you has been
fascinating. Initially I saw you as an abandoned man and that soon upgraded to
me regarding you as an interesting man dealing with your marital upset
resolutely and apparently effectively because you displayed, at least in my
presence, not even a little bitterness.”  
“And you thought I was available for sexual plundering/”

“Something like that as I was between boyfriends but you will recall that I
backed off when you told me you couldn’t date anyone while you were still
married.”

“I recall that and remember you didn’t do much more than gently sigh. Why
didn’t you dump me right then?”

“Well I had time on my hands and I’ve just told you I found you interesting in
being amid a fascinating situation. Also I knew it was possible you could
change your mind and would have an adulterous relationship with me.”

“And what if no change of mind is forthcoming?”

“Then I’d accept that and I’d indicated to you earlier it would be entirely
your choice. I have no intention of trying to influence you unduly.”

David rubbed an ear and said, perhaps it may surprise Kate that he found her
fascinating in a number of ways and the big surprize had been her brilliance
in arranging a remote walk in a park to make him feel safe being with her away
from hometown scrutiny and now if the proposal went ahead she’d come up with a
tennis scenario whereby they could enjoy being together in full view of anyone
who knew them and yet presumably not attract suspicion.

“Yes and we could even kiss on the mouth if we won our match as partners and
presumably not come under suspicion because that would appear as normal
behaviour on a tennis court for male/female partners and yet for a few
milliseconds you could feel my boobs pressing into your chest.”

“You wicked young woman,” he smiled. “Thankfully you don’t come under my
ministry to be in the position to tempt me daily.”

They looked at each other steadily and said goodbye and went to their
vehicles.

Kate was confident that she’d scored a victory, that after that time in the
park and in the tearooms and indulging in greatly relevant conversation they’d
said goodbye for the time being, standing there and looking intently at each
other very much like they were passive lovers.

She drove homewards feeling excited that she was making headway, knowing she
was now beginning to influence him toward a relationship that at present he
was adamant that he was unable to commit to. But she’d wear him down.

This new move to involve him in social interclub tennis would be useful if
fellow players regarded David and Kate as something as a stand-off couple who
required a gentle nudge or two and that could initiate social invitations.

Kate’s mum had warned her that David wouldn’t seek to divorce his wife, that
his wife would have to initiate that but she’d only do that if and when it
suited her. Kate had considered finding out where Mrs Mace was holed up and
with whom but concluded any such approach could back-fire on her, that the
best action was to be patient.

She had no intention to marry David because she had no desire to become a
vicar’s wife as she wouldn’t be able to live happily by living frugally in
parish living where she’d be expected to be subservient to her husband to
exhibit some degree of piety. In all probability she would come under pressure
to give up her job and be a slave to the parish community. God what a life. If
David left the church then perhaps she might marry him er if he wished that to
happen.

Meanwhile she considered she was on course to eventually supply his sexual
needs because in her option that would be his greatest need. And that would
bring benefits for her: she just loved rutting, er having sex.

The next small push would be to suggest they indulge in phone sex. Wow in his
first tug when they began phone sex he might be so excited he might very well
splash against the ceiling, providing his bedroom had a fairly low ceiling.
She gurgled at the thought of raising that possibility as she came closer to
convincing David to try a bit of phone sex with her.

That night as Kate was in bed reading, feeling like a spinster instead of
raging at a club or indulging in fellatio on a park seat as women aged twenty-
six typically do with gusto, her phone went.

Christ it was him, she though excitedly and noting who the caller was
straightened her hair and pulled out a breast and said, “Hi David.”

She didn’t mind him formerly thanking her for organising the park walk and
that he’d enjoyed their frank conversation very much; she was pleased that a
married man, a vicar, had the guts to phone her after 9 p.m. She felt blessed
and yes that was the word.

David said he had decided to take up her suggestion to become a social member
of her tennis club and fill that vacant spot as a reserve on that interclub
social tennis team.

Kate injected extra excitement into her voice in acknowledging his decision
and said it would be a big step in his rehabilitation.

Too late she realised her mistake and he said rather loftily that he wasn’t
aware he was in need of rehab.

“Oh I only meant that in the sense of your re-emergence socially.”

She was pleased David accepted that when he said as if in surprise “Oh yes I
agree with that; I’ve withdrawn somewhat from the more frivolous aspects of
social life since the walk-out, turning down numerous invitations.”

“Indeed and that’s why we need to knock some of the deadwood away.”

He laughed and said Kate acted like a shining light and he found her
personality infectious.

Kate only just managed to avoid saying then was he ready to bed her. God that
would have been a disaster, she thought, rolling her eyes and so she said
nothing.

David took up the slack and said, “Well my charming and exciting friend, what
little social outing involving just you and me do you have planned for next
Wednesday afternoon? I usually take Wednesday afternoons off pastoral duties.”

Desperately thinking Kate said she had been thinking (liar) about visiting a
still working water wheel at the Mill Restaurant about 40 miles east – he
could leave her car on the outskirts of town and travel with her.

“That sounds interesting.”

“Or we could tramp through the salt marshes.”

“That’s much more interesting.”

“Or we could go to the city where you could help me choose new underwear.”

“Oh let’s do that.”

“But I was just joking.”

“And so was I.”

They laughed almost like teenagers and finally Kate said the salt marshes and
he said yes and he could walk behind her and check out if she was being near
voluptuous.

Kate hastily said she’d check out the routes and would call back in a day or
two about what clothing was recommended.

“Good and may I regularly phone you after 9:00 when usually I’ve finished work
for the day. Kate I’ve been thinking, are you aware of a system of contact
called I think intimate phone calling?”

“Do you mean phone sex?”

“Ah that’s it.”

Kate dropped her phone on to the floor in shock and she scrambled to recover
it, shaking in excitement.

** **

**The End **

