### Rulers of Terrace View 33 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2015-03-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Get into the story of Layla and Aaron and their love! Sorry for the delay! Please enjoy. 

* * *

**Part 33**

**Please let me know if you would like me to continue this story or any of my others! The story with the most feedback will get the most attention from me, and right now this story seems to be the favored one. Thank you for any thoughts or comments, I greatly appreciate all feedback!**

**Please enjoy. **

“Miss Layla?!” Mira sounds confused.

“He’s not good,” I say. She looks at the floor.

“I know. He feels especially guilty about what happened to you.”

“He pushes himself too hard. Could you go get a wheelchair and a bathing suit
for him?” I ask her eagerly. I see her confused look, and it seems she is
thinking about what he could possibly need those things. I decide to cut her
computation short.

“Doesn’t Cooper, er, Dr. Jeffers have a Jacuzzi in his house?”

“Oh that would be perfect!” Mirabella says, her beautiful face lighting up in
a smile of understanding. “He really needs something like a dip in the Jacuzzi
to help him relax.”

I nod in agreement.  
“I’ll get those things right away!” Mira says, hurrying away.

I enter the room again and Aaron finally looks out from behind his hand. His
dark tired eyes find my gaze.

“Layla please sit down,” he says to me. He’s worried about me at a time like
this? He’s barely holding on and he’s still worrying about me. What a
magnificent, but dense, guy. I approach him and sit in the seat next to his
desk.

“You need to worry less about me.” I want this to be a beneficial statement
but instead it comes across as arrogance.

He laughs a little. But winces a little too. I know what he is feeling, I am
dealing with the same injuries inflicted from the same people.

“You’re right. You’re a lot tougher than me.” He says this like it’s factual.
I drop my eyes.

“I’m sorry Aaron I didn’t mean to come off as arrogant as I did. You have so
much more to deal with than I can even imagine.”

As I speak, he is inspecting me closely, and when I am silent he continues to
watch me. I blush a little and he shakes his head.

“No, you’re just tougher than me, honest to God.”

“You push yourself harder!”

“You never complain about your injuries.”

“You have many more than me, believe me. I led a particularly boring life
until I met you.” My face burns as I say this but the door flies open before
anymore can be said.

Mirabella is in the doorway with a whole bundle of clothing, towels and a
wheelchair. We both stare, open mouthed. She gives us a big smile.

“I figured you both need to relax. You two need a dip in the Jacuzzi.”

I secretly glare at her. _Traitor! _How could she?! She tosses me a bikini and
winks at me. _Ooh great_. Aaron is watching Mira now, closely. I realize that
he is looking at her objectively, but he is studying her with such intensity
that I can’t help but to feel jealous. She approaches him, looking gorgeous
and seductive and he watches. She stops the chair near the desk but takes the
swimming trunks over to Aaron.

“Do you need assistance, Master?” she asks earnestly. He shakes his head at
her and she gives him a smile. I realize he probably does need help. But he
wouldn’t agree to her assistance with me around. Either that or he’s being
stubborn and dense. And if he wants me to help him change, he’s SOL because I
would feel awkward with my face near his genitalia… inches from it all. I
either have to see his penis full-on and out-right on purpose or by mistake.
There is no “willing to casually see his genitalia when helping him into a
bathing suit” category.

“I am going to go change, please excuse me for just a moment,” I say to them,
and head to the door.

“Layla,” he calls to me. I turn around and look at him, find my gazing meeting
his dark eyes directly. “Hurry back.”

_Oh God, I want to hurry back to you._ But I know I can’t. I have to give them
some time. So I smile and give him a believable nod although I know it is a
flat-out lie. I leave Mirabella and Aaron to whatever business they must
attend before we can go relax in the Jacuzzi. I know she will keep it brief,
he needs the Jacuzzi pretty badly. But I am not going to rush by any means.

I change into the bikini with difficulty and stare at my awkward body in the
mirror. I have horrible looking black and blue bruising from Hudson on my
abdomen and one rib in particular is really colored darkly. I try to ignore
the ugliness of the bruising and cuts and focus on my other insecurities and
shortcomings.

I wear a cup size B (towards the small end) and my butt is virtually flat. I
wish I filled out the bathing suit better. I am guessing that it is Sadie’s,
she is the next smallest. I think about Mira’s body, it’s the body of a fit,
but enhanced (via plastic surgery) woman in her young twenties. The body and
face of a gorgeous young supermodel. And yet he looks at me with more feeling
and lust in his eyes.

I need to stop comparing us, I realize, as I put on my clothes over the suit.
Mirabella and I are _way_ too different to be compared, even in relation to
Aaron. We are both important to him. Other than that, we basically share
absolutely no similarities. I put back on my weird sling, arm cradle because
my shoulder begins to really throb. I sit on the toilet for a while, my body
dully aching.

I sigh, and grab my underwear, heading back towards the office. _Wait._ Have I
given them enough time to talk and for Aaron to get changed? No, definitely
not. He needs more time that I do, even though he has fewer number of things
to put on. I wander the darkened halls a little, into the dark kitchen. The
clock on the wall reads 2:15.

Why in the hell would Aaron need to be awake at 2:15am as a 17 year old, to do
company work? Obviously he isn’t a normal 17 year old. But still, this is just
ridiculous. I wander in the darkened house for another few minutes, thinking
about how I’ve come to love this place more than my home, my old home, more
than anywhere. But my body begins to ache badly again so I return to Aaron.

When I finally approach the office again and decide to knock on the door, Mira
answers with a smile. She leaves the door open and retreats into the room,
grabbing the handles of the wheelchair. Aaron is sitting in the chair, wearing
the same shirt but his swim shorts. His two limbs are still bandaged and he
gives me a smile despite the fact his face must hurt almost as badly as mine.
I return it, but only very slightly. My face and head and neck are beginning
to really hurt.

I can only assume the pain meds are wearing off. I begin to feel a bit
lightheaded when I hear Aaron say,

“Layla, sit down!”

Mira pushes Aaron’s chair towards me and gives me a smile.

“Hop on!” she says.

“Oh no,” I begin to reject the idea but Aaron cuts me off.

“Come here,” he says, holding out his good arm to me.

“No! I don’t want to hurt you. And it would be really heavy for Mira.”

“You won’t hurt me, and Mira is an AI, babe. She can lift or push anything.”
He gives me a little amused smile when he says this but I am not so concerned
about Mira I just needed another excuse even if it was a lame one. He’s hurt
and really tired. I can’t just go climbing on his lap. But then again, Mira is
the one who suggested it and she cares about him almost as much as I do. Maybe
even a tiny, tiny bit more but only because she has known him longer.

I look hesitant so he says “come here,” again. His prodding, coupled with my
pain spiking breaks down my resolve and leads me to crawl onto his lap. He
wraps his arms around me comfortingly and I sigh with content.

Mira really doesn’t have any problems pushing us over to Cooper’s house, which
I realize is much more alive- even at this time of night. The room with the
Jacuzzi and pool is warm. And when we get there, Mira helps me take off my
sling first. I am about to undress but remember the disgusting bruising so I
glance at Aaron, who is watching me closely.

“Don’t look,” I whisper.

“Why?” he asks, his dark eyes focusing on mine. “Hiding something? I won’t let
you get away with never telling me what happened when you were with Hudson.”

“Please, just don’t look.” Maybe it’s because I sound upset that he caves so
quickly.

“Fine, but once we’re in you have to tell me what happened.” He looks away
with saying another word, and watches Mira now. I realize I regret asking him
to look away as the envy creeps up into my cheeks again and they burn.

“Fine,” I answer softly, gently pulling my shirt. I wince a little when the
pain in my shoulder spikes again and Mira hurries over to me.

“Let me help, please, Miss,” she says to me. I want to tell her to call me
Layla but my shoulder hurts too badly so instead I only nod and then glance
again at Aaron. He’s still not looking, his face turned away. My cheeks burn a
little again. I hate his rejection. Mira helps me out of my shirt and pants
carefully and my pain is manageable. I thank her softly and gently slip into
the hot, bubbling water.

It feels so good I close my eyes. I hear Aaron curse and look over to see Mira
just getting his shirt off. She grovels.

“Master, I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to hurt you I,”

“It’s okay, Mira. I’m just being a baby.” He gives her a little smile and
brushes her cheek with his thumb. She blushes a little and I watch jealously,
my cheeks burning still too. But then I remember how desperate I was when I
thought he was going to choose her over me. I would rather him choose us both
than for him to choose just her. And that’s okay with me. So I close my eyes
again and try to ignore the churning in my stomach.

“Master,” she says softly. I hear her get up and walk around the chair. She
pushes him over and I open my eyes to watch. I just can’t keep my eyes off
him. He and I make eye contact and when he gets close, they stop. Mira helps
Aaron get settled in the water, which takes a good amount of time. He keeps
his leg out of the water on the side of the tub and his arm on a flotation
device Cooper has stocked in the room. Finally Aaron and I are sitting in the
soothing water together and he nods at Mira.

“Thank you,” he says to her and she nods.

“Anything for my Master and Miss Layla.” She gives us both a smile and leaves.

**Thank you for reading and special thanks to those of you who leave me feedback!**

