### Sweet Romance - The Baker�s Daughter by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-03-30. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Once Lily decided Phil was good enough for her he didn't have a chance. 

* * *

** **

Fred O’Brien owned and operated the most popular bakery in the city and at
peak times his wife and the oldest of six kids helped permanent staff in the
shop and the bakery behind it.

Fred had desired to try for the baker’s dozen but after delivering the sixth
baby Annie had said that was that. Fred said ‘Aw Annie’ but she was in no mood
to argue and quietly had her tubes tied and listened innocently when her
husband complained at the absence of a new pregnancy and complaining that
perhaps he was over-worked and might be firing blanks.

Lily their oldest was nineteen and managed the shop that at peaks would have
up to seven females behind the counter working flat stick. Fred had tried to
push in two extra servers but there was an eruption of cat-fights and
disgusting abuse as the females battled each other for space moving in the
crush behind the counter.

Fred enquired about the possibility of buying the premises next door and when
he asked Annie to accompany him to the load department at the bank she found
out what he was up to and said no, that expansion would only increase their
workload and worry and that was that.

Accepted that the opportunity of siring 13 legitimate children was fading and
having his business expansion plans vetoed by his wife, Fred had the need
focus on something other than the bakery and decided Lily should marry.

“Marry just anyone?” Lily reacted. “Dad you are out of your mind? Brian Coles
has promised to marry me when he graduates.”

“Who’s Brian Coles?”

“The chap you attempted to cut off his dick when you found him ploughing into
me in the flour store but he proved too nibble for you to catch and because
you were too dumb to grab a carving knife before you accosted us.”

“Ah Arsehole.”

“Yes the CEO of your bank Mr Green and Mrs Green’s only child.”

“Oh is Arsehole their son? But I’ll still slice it off if he comes in here
again and my defence will be my hand slipped when I had only been trying to
scare him off after taking my daughters virginity.”

“Dad Harry Robbins achieved that feat a year before Brian sank his longer
length into me.”

“Harry Robbins, who the hell is Harry Robbins?”

“He used to delivery your flour dad but now he’s doing time for interfering
sexually with Mrs Higgins.”

“Mrs Higgins; who the hell would try to have sex with that skinny old crow?”

“Harry attempted dad and he thought like you but his defence failed to impress
the judge and he went down for four years I believe.”

Fred backed off but nature took it course.

Next day Milly said to Lily, “That blond chap in the lovely shirt wishes to be
served by you.”

“Tell him to get lost, that we are a business here, not a charity.”

“I told him you were too busy to oblige and he said he’d stay standing there
interrupting the flow of foot traffic until you had time to serve him.”

“What the hell does he want, sex?”

“No Lily, a cream donut,” Mrs Mullins said. “I tried to serve him one but he
refused to take it.”

“Here give me the bag and I’ll shove it into his cake-hole.”

Lily expertly hip-slammed aside two servers to arrive in front of a new
Arsehole at the bakery and smiled and held out the bag and almost wet her
panties. God he was no muscle man but instead looked sensual. Her outer pussy
lips quivered.

“Thanks but no thanks Lily. How am I to know if the bun in that bag is fresh?”

Lily threw the bagged cream donut and hit him over the mouth and she turned
and went to her usual station over pastry savouries. She looked up to see that
Arsehole had left.

Milly came to her during a lull and said “I couldn’t believe my eyes when you
threw the donut at his cake-hole. Did he ask you for sex?”

“No he doubted that the bun in the bag was fresh

“The cheeky shit; then he deserved what he got.”

At the end of her shift, Lily was sitting on her new Honda CBF 125 doing up
her crash-helmet when a chap in a yellow vintage Triumph Stag that judging by
its pristine condition was a rebuild, drew up alongside her and she grinned.

“Hello Arsehole.”

“I apologize for having approached you on a bad hair day.”

“But you want to take me for a drink?”

He lost his smile and said uncertainly that he wouldn’t have thought she would
have accepted.

“Well get that heap of shit out of my way or else I’ll scour the paint on the
doors. Meet me at the lounge bar of the Crow and Dove.

Arsehole drove off looking nervous as if expecting her to lunge to scour his
paintwork.

Lily caught up to him when he was in a line of slow moving traffic and slowed
and barked at him ‘Woof-woof’ and sped off illegally by riding slightly on the
wrong side of the road to pass the line of traffic.

She waited in the pub’s parking area and when he stopped beside her bike she
said, “I was pretending to be bitchy. Your car is beautiful.”

He smiled indulgently.

“Why are you trying to get a piece of me?”

The smile crumbled and he almost had to jog to keep up with her and they
entered the pub.

“I’m Phil Humphries. I saw you as the stand-out in a group of rowdy young
females being denied entry into the Rainbow Club last Friday night and asked
my pal and his girlfriend who you were and Ross told me your name.”

“Was the Ross Harper, my cousin?”

“Yes.”

“Well he wouldn’t know whether I was a good lay.”

“Um I just said I must try to date you and then Jennifer…”

“Is that Jennifer Downs?”

“Yes and Jennifer said I’d find you at the counter of The Glutton’s Bakery.”

“And dumb you decided to come at the busiest hour of the day to try to date
me.”

“Alas yes and I agree that was very unintelligent.”

“Well never mind, order me a dark rum and coke and you don’t drink beer if you
intend kissing me.”

“What?”

“You heard Phil. Don’t give the impression you’re an idiot.”

In his nervousness when he finally managed to attract the attention of a bar
server he ordered two white wines.

Lily smiled.

“I must say you are not at all what I expected Lily. According to your cousin
you are bossy, sharp-tongued but override those downsides by being as hot
little bitch. Strangely enough I’ve found you to be a beautiful and confident
young woman who obviously has authority and appears to know everyone.”

“Well I know almost everyone as almost everyone visits our bakery at some
time. Your mother is Roberta and works as a computer designer for Abbott and
Black, architects, your father Derek is manager of our local branch of United
Counties Bank and his mistress Di Glover is day manager of the gym he
attends.”

“What my father has a mistress?”

“Yes Phil and if you didn’t know that it suggests you don’t pay enough
attention to your parents and you should realize it’s not a sin in some
people’s minds, perhaps the majority I daresay, to jump the fence to improve
their sex life.”

“God you know everything, well almost. You didn’t know me until I introduced
yourself.”

“That’s true and suggests you shine a dull light and we both know you haven’t
been into my parent’s bakery until today. So when do you wish to fuck?”

“For goodness sake Lily please slows down; I’m attempting to date you, that’s
all.”

She found it difficult to believe she was dealing with a guy who had no wish
er no immediate desire to bonk her.

She frowned and asked, “Phil that suggests you don’t you like me?”

He replied it was too early for him to say; they had only just met but she
seemed okay.

Okay?

Lily was torn between bursting into tears, kneeing him in the nuts, or both.

Before she could decide he appealed to her finer senses that she’d developed
as a child playing with her dolls but in more recent years sweet thoughts had
been pushed aside.

“Lily you have to slow down; you’re almost over-whelming me. Remember I’m the
guy that you accurately determined who shines a dull light. You summed me up
as a guy who doesn’t thrust himself forward and keeps his personality somewhat
retarded to enable to keep something in reserve.”

“That’s probably what I mean Phil although your spin on that is expressed
rather too sophisticated for me.”

“Lily I apologize, I had no intention of slighting you.”

“No its fine; when a person is outspoken like me it becomes natural is take
criticism or even a pugnacious rebuttal in one’s stride and I must say you
stopped well short of such severe reaction. You have sensitivity I don’t
possess Phil.”

“Go on Lily, it will be in you somewhere waiting to be called upon. You’ve
just lost touch of where the trigger is.”

“I like to think your comment is correct. In the meantime if you are not
seeking to bang me what do you want?”

“I’m told if I want to get into the Rainbow Club without booking months in
advance the alternative is to arrive with someone glamorous and who is a
something of a celebrity.”

“We’ll that’s an unusual request. The problem for me is I’m not glamorous but
it’s possible the bouncers and the doorman could be known to me and those are
plusses. I have a friend who works as a beautician in her mother’s salon and
they’d could do me up to make my shine and Sylvia is my size and will probably
lend me a glam dress providing I promise not to fuck while wearing it.”

“Who Sylvia Bennett?”

“No Sylvia Armstrong and her mum is Alicia.”

Phil grinned and said there were things about Lily that really endeared her to
him.

“Well just you wait till you allow me to give you the action of your life,”
she challenged and they both laughed warmly, looking at each other in no hurry
to switch to another topic.

They settled on arrangements for Friday night.

Roberta Humphries drove her son Philip to pick up his date, the O’Brien’s
eldest daughter.

“I still can’t understand Philip why you have picked on Lily O’Brien as your
latest date. You are promised your father and me now that you are almost
twenty-five that’s you’d only date young women around your age suitable for
marriage.

“Yes I have kept that promise mum.”

“Please call me mother; I loathe that word mum.”

“As I’ve told you more than thirty times when you call me Phil I’ll call you
mother.”

“You are a stubborn fool Philip, just like your father. Now where were we? Oh
yes I know Lily and her mother and believe Lily is only nineteen.”

“Which is around my age don’t you think mother, er mum?”

“God you are as exasperating as your father. But hah, she’s not beautiful.”

“I see beauty in her and believe you’ve only seen her wearing an apron and a
peaked hat well down over her hair and probably sweating, dealing with
customers and marshalling her team.”

They stopped outside the bakery just as Lily came down the stairs from the
O’Brien’s home.

“Omigod,” Roberta gasped and when her son croaked ‘Christ’ she attempted to
cuff his ear.

“She’d beautiful, absolutely stunning done up like this.”

“Thanks mother,” said Phil, jumping from the car to claim his princess who’d
just finished rowing fearsomely with her half-drunk father who was insisting
he would force Lily into an arranged marriage with a young man with potential
to be her father’s understudy in managing production and checking delivery of
orders.

“You look wonderful, beyond my wildest dreams,” Phil said boyishly and was
rewarded by a high-powered kiss because Lily was pleased to be with a male who
unlike her father wasn’t a bully and lavished her with sweet comments.

Watching from the SUV Roberta gasped and thought Omigod those two had been
having sex to be up the scale of kissing like that.”

She was surprised that she now rather approved of the stroppy Miss Lily
O’Brien and suspected her unfaithful husband once he met Lily would be
impatient to get his big mitts all over the girl.

“Whew that was a kiss and a half,” said Phil, resisting the urge to wipe his
lips after the first time they’d made physical contact and it was a wet kiss.

Entering the club was a breeze.

Lily recognised three of the four bouncers controlling the melee outside the
club as the bouncers were customers of the bakery. She greeted Ed, Hugh and
Sebastian and said with a wink, “Hugh take me to the doorman whom I don’t
recognise and introduce my partner as international boxing promoter Al de Lune
of Montevideo.”

Hugh grinned and repeated that introduction to the big Greek doorman who
nodded respectfully to the young man dressed in a white suit and black shirt
and a very red tie and the couple were in and taken by a hostess to a reserved
VIP table for two.

The couple had two glasses of highly over-priced champagne and twice ventured
to the over-crowded dance floor but soon retreated after repeated kicks to
their shins. Lily lost count of how many times someone approached their table
and attempted to sell them drugs. At one stage three people were lined up
ready to take their turn to pitch once the guy at their table failed with his
attempted sale and retreated.

Within ninety minutes they were ready to leave what Al de Lune of Montevideo
told Lily sarcastically lacked the appeal of an overnight crowded camel
corral. She laughed in near drunken hysteria after having downed five glasses
of champagne and had her right shoeless foot resting over her date’s crotch.

As their taxi pulled away from the patiently waiting mass to get into the club
Phil said he was grateful they had at least attempted to dance because he’d
got his arms around her firm body twice.

“Yes I tried to push my tits into you to indicate what you were missing,” Lily
hiccupped as their driver came very close to side-swiping a legitimately
parked car.

The driver ran a red light at an intersection but thankfully got away with it
when Lily said, “The best time for me at that second failed attempt to dance
when I could feel the full outline of your erection.”

“Omigod I apologize Lily, I had no intention of embarrassing you.”

“Embarrassing me? I was far from that Phil. I was pleased to find you
apparently have a heavy-weight piece of meat down there. Just think if we
hadn’t gone to that club you would have been pumping into your third or fourth
condom by now.”

The cab driver said in a shaky voice, “Guv and Miss you are dangerous
passengers to have in my cab. Please could you keep your voices pegged right
back when we are in motion.”

“Dangerous passengers are we?” Lily queried making no attempt to lower her
voice. “Driver are you alleging that at least one of us is the carrier of a
sexually transmitted disease?”

The cabbie yelled, “Christ, I’ve turned the wrong way into a one-way street.”

Phil said smugly, “I tried to warn you when you were turning but you didn’t
hear my voice pegged back to a whisper.”

They were dumped at a bus stop and the taxi took off at speed, the driver not
having asked for fare payment.

Lily slurred, “Are you taking me just into the entrance of a dark alley to
pretend you are fucking a prostitute against a brick wall?”

He laughed.

“No I’m taking you home; you’re drunk. Hold on to these railings while I flag
down another cab.”

“Thank you my hero. Perhaps we should keep our mouths totally zipped when in
this next cab because he might not be as tolerate as that last driver was but
perhaps he might be better at controlling the steering object. Um I mean wheel
don’t I?”

At 9:30 next morning Lily was awakened by her phone chirping Beethoven.

“Oh hi darling, I woke earlier to find you weren’t beside me. I’m due at work
at 9:30 which is about now. So where are you… back at that fucking club?”

“Hi Lily, not I’m at work.”

“Oh you have I job. I’d just assumed you were a member of the unemployed
corps.”

“No I’m completing the first year in my job after graduating in finance.”

“But you can’t be an accountant; they are boring.”

“That’s why you like me because I’m in financial management but I also possess
accountancy skills.”

“Lily?”

“What?”

“I’ve fallen for you; I’ve never had such an enjoyable night, not even when I
was out with the lads.”

“Oooh that’s so nice of you to say that. I like you too er Phil. I think you
might be the first guy to have dated me since I left school who hasn’t tried
to sink one into me on the first date. You are such an honourable man.”

“But you being drunk might have been the reason for my reluctance to indulge.”

“Well Phil just remembers it’s there for the taking when you wish to indulge.”

Phil said there had been a bit of a snag. His mum wanted to formerly meet her
and would be inviting her to tea.”

“Well that’s fine and I guess we now should not have sex until you are
confident she approves of me.”

“Yes and that’s right on the button. You tend to see things coming Lily
whereas I tend to wait till they come.”

“Are we talking sex here?”

“No Lily.”

“Don’t speak so pompously; that was meant to be joke.”

“Christ mum is going to have difficulty with you and please don’t use the
F-word to her?”

“Why doesn’t she use it?”

“I don’t think so, at least not within my hearing.”

“Oh damn.”

“What is?”

“It’s dad in his office below my bedroom thumping his ceiling with a broom and
yelling ‘Get down here and start working you over-slept bitch’ or words to
that effect.”

“Christ I need to sort him out.”

“Be careful darling, bakers are known for having very strong arms; he might
squash the backbone from your body.”

“You just called me darling; do you call all your boyfriends darling?”

“Perhaps I do but not with that emphasis darling; I’ve really taken with you
as we appear to be a well-matched couple. I better go before dad comes up and
trusses me in a large grain sack and dumps me in the refuse skip.”

“The hell he will; I’m coming over to sort him out.”

“No darling you just stay where you are illegally transferring money into
hidden accounts. I can handle dad even when he’s really mad. I just ask him if
he’s still firing blanks and he collapses in humiliation. Instead of working
up to attack my father I’d like you concentrate on thinking about banging the
arse off me whenever you feel the urge and that had better be often. You are
such a sweet darling I wouldn’t care for you to think I sexually neglect you.”

“What?”

“Bye sweetheart.”

“Lily wait…”

Click.

Lily was sure she had Phil in the bag. She yawned as she pulled on some
clothes and on her way down to run the retail business called in to ask her
mum to get her a big pack of condoms when she went shopping.

“Oooh you have big expectations.”

“He’s on his way to becoming your son in law, er possibly.”

“Then when does your family get to meet him?”

“As soon as his mother has finished with running an eye over me. That probably
means Saturday night for dinner.”

**The End **

** **

