### Holding On by hedinsen

**Date Added:** 2015-09-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Two people meet under improbable circumstances. Lindsey is a young college student and Chuck (Charles) works for a software development company but mostly from home. Chuck becomes infatuated by the girl despite her inane problems as she does him. 

* * *

Holding On

Two people meet under improbable circumstances. Lindsey is a young college
student and Chuck (Charles) works for a software development company but
mostly from home. Chuck becomes infatuated by the girl despite her inane
problems as she does him.

1.

A sense of boredom and loneliness washed over me as I stared at the swirling
screen saver a moment. I often welcomed winter days like this, thinking how
much work I could get done. Rather today was my worse productive day. I reread
what I’d done so far and started to type when a knocking sounded at the door.

There was a pause then another series of knocks. I swore hauling myself back
to my feet and shuffling across the room to the door. I peered through the
peep hole viewer. A girl.

I muttered to myself: “Now what does she want?” My downstairs neighbor. I
opened the door just as she reached out to knock again. “Yeah, Lindsey?”

Lindsey was a cute Asian-American girl with long straight black hair and deep
brown eyes. Lindsey was tall for an Asian-American girl. But I only admired
her from afar whenever we met. I still pined for Brenda an old girlfriend I
regretted letting slip away.

"Oh, Chuck … do you know anything about computers?”

I looked at her with a question. “Depends. Hardware or software?”

“I don’t know.”

Good answer. I heaved a sigh as I followed Lindsey Chang downstairs to her
apartment below mine.

Lindsey left the door open. We entered a cute apartment of soft furnishings,
pastel drapes, soft lighting and freshness to the air that spoke of “a girl
lives here.” Lindsey’s computer, like mine was in the spare bedroom. Mine was
there more to isolate it from the rest of the apartment which, compared to
Lindsey’s was at best “neo-sparten”.

I looked at the display screen. “What was the last function you did on it?”
Reverse analysis.

“I wanted to load this new app I got from school.” She showed me the disk in
the CD drawer.

I sat in front of the keyboard glimpsing the disk in the CD drawer she got at
the student store. “Before that?”

Lindsey was used to my way of dealing with computer problems. I have a note
book full of catalogued problems and solutions. Computer manufacturers would
kill themselves to get their hands on that material.

The girl sat down looking dejected as I restarted the computer. The reboot
process gave me a chance to think of the next step for finding out what the
problem was that Lindsey was having. Once it was up I had her log on then I
began the process of checking the operating system. Something told me to check
to see how much hard drive space was left, that would tell me a lot, then
operating system versions. A few more checks of various apps I came to the
conclusion what her problem was.

“Too much junk, Lindsey. Either store it on a couple disks or get a peripheral
hard drive and move the bulk of the stuff over there – or worse dump it.”

I thought that would be the end of it there, no such luck.

The next day a late day meeting was called by my cell group. I was on my way
out to the facility when I was passed on the stairs by an Asian lady stopping
at Lindsey’s door. Rang the doorbell then tried the door.

"Lindsey?” she called opening the door. “Mama.”

Oops. Mama. Bad news?

“Mama,” Lindsey greeted her.

Peering out the door she spotted me. Smiling she waved to me. If her mother
had not been there I would have run back upstairs to give her a kiss. A
secretly held wish I had for the girl. But Brenda still held my thoughts, I
still held out a devotion for her.

The following Friday at noon time I took a break from my work to walk out to
the beach-front promenade and the beach to clear my head. Again I was feeling
sorry for myself over the breakup with Brenda a girl I was very much in love
with. I must have been talking to myself, telling myself how stupid I was for
letting Brenda go. I struggled to come to grips with the fact I lost, more
through my own stupidity then hers, the only girl I truly loved and cared for.

“Do you always talk to yourself, Chuck?” a female voice asked with a giggle.

I must have jumped a bit at the intrusion of the voice.

I looked around then saw Lindsey in a heavy over coat and wool cap, her hands
stuffed in the deep coat pockets. She had a ready smile as she walked up to
me.

Lindsey stopped close to me looking at me with those innocent wide eyed brown
eyes of hers, pushing a lock of her long black hair out of her eyes.

She said with a cheerful, “Hi.”

Stopping beside me to look out over the rough gray water, white caps as far
out as one could see, wind and spray in our faces she watched the sea that was
comparable to the turmoil in my soul.

“Hi, Lindsey. Taking a break too, huh?”

“Just got home from class. Today was lab day for us.”

I nodded my head in response. I completed all my advanced studies a couple
years ago and was working for a mid-sized software company that had a
development contract with a larger one. Nice if you can work from home like a
lot of us do and report in once a week for team meetings, get our marching
orders, and have lunch together and home by three in the afternoon.

We walked along the promenade the cold wind blowing though my hair. Lindsey
walking beside me gazed out over the surf and the gulls running in and out of
the water looking for food. My mind was a couple hundred miles away feeling
sorry for myself thinking of Brenda.

I stopped to watch the gulls as they scurried in and out of the surf looking
for food. This was the sum total of their existence – looking for food.

Lindsey turned to lean against the guard rail looking up at me. Her doe eyes
seemed to be searching mine as I tried, but failed to ignore her.

I don’t know if it was by coincidence or design but Friday afternoons Lindsey
managed to be where I was. We walked hand in hand, sometimes she tucked her
arm through mine as we walked.

Near the end of January I needed to go to Wal-Marts for a few things. One
impulse I stopped at Lindsey’s apartment.

A few seconds later the door opened to a disheveled girl still in her jammies,
bath robe thrown on, hair in disarray she jerked the door open looking me in
shock.

“Chuck.”

“I know this sounds strange coming from me, but do you want to go shopping at
Wally World?”

Looked at me astounded then said, “Yes – but my computer.”

Good excuse. My eyes roved over her for a breath. The robe opened as she tried
to fix it. “While you are getting ready I’ll fix it.”

Smiling Lindsey stepped back letting me in. I know she wanted to kiss me. She
ran to the bed room shedding the robe and nightgown. In her excitement she was
nearly naked by the time she reached the bed room.

Just as I thought that was a good excuse, the computer being down. She found a
good way to get me into her apartment for a few minutes.

She came back out a short time later fixing her hair back with scrunctie.
“Ready.”

I helped her on with her coat then we left. At the local Wal-Mart we looked
like any other couple shopping. A simple trip turned into an excursion. I
think she led me down every aisle in the women’s clothing section the
fragrances and shoes. It was more ‘window shopping’ then buying. It was more a
way for her to have a guy, me along to show off “things” to. She looked at
some things that gave me an idea what her taste in clothes was. Some of her
choices were border line risqué but she was having fun modeling for me.

We ended the day back at her apartment. Sitting on the sofa we folded into
each other’s arms and soon feel asleep. I awoke with a stiff neck, Lindsey was
laying across my legs sound asleep. I sat there with her using my legs as a
pillow.

Waking up she asked, “How long was I asleep?”

"A good couple hours, tell you what, want to call out for something?”

“Like what?” she asked.

"Pizza? And there’s that Mongolian restaurant up the street? We can walk up
there if you want?”

I don’t think it took her more than thirty seconds to decide. “Pizza.”

Considering the New Year of 1997 was only a couple weeks old the weather had
made a decided change for the worse. As I considered Lindsey’s question I
contemplated the ocean and the swirling waves that pounded the shore the way I
pounded my tortured soul. I leaned on the boardwalk railing staring at the
gray heaving sea, a cold rain beginning to fall, Lindsey stood beside me
hugging up to me, whether for comfort or to comfort me, I hardly knew which.

Steady drizzle, pushed by a freshening southerly wind explored narrow streets
beyond my apartment window and made the stout walls of the old apartment
building gleam like polished metal. Moving threateningly above the huddled
buildings the cloud was unbroken and the color of lead, so that although it
was only midday the light was feeble and depressing.

Only the sea beyond was alive. Across the normally sheltered expanse of the
harbor the surface quivered and broke each eager gust, but in the distorted
light the wave crests held a strange yellow hue in contrast with the dull grey
hump of the islands which made up the inlets to the harbor and the rain
shrouded bay beyond.

After some time watching the gulls and Lindsey watching me, I drew in a breath
letting it out to express a thought I had at that moment.

“Ever watch the gulls, or any animal for that matter? What does their
existence mean to us? The ongoing search for food? That seems to be all
animals do, day in and day out searching for food – the existence of life, the
search for food. Sometimes I think that is more the meaning of life then what
most college psychology professors teach.”

Lindsey turned to watch the gulls hurrying along the beach pecking at the sand
looking for food. “Life and death comes to all of us, Chuck.”

I continued on going, where I wasn’t sure at the time. Lindsey hurried to
catch up with me. We walked on together in silence, each enveloped in our own
thoughts and problems. I finally took her arm in mine as we walked together. A
broad smile flooded her fair features; she hugged up to me.

2.

Sunday morning I stood by the balcony window savoring the sun light that
chased away the clouds brightening the day. I was working on my third pot of
coffee since three a.m. I was bored and felt like a caged animal staring out
of its cage at freedom.

Then the word freedom came back on me. What was the definition of freedom
according to someone who coined the phrase: Freedom was just another word for
nothing better to do.

I finished the coffee when there was a knock at the door. I looked at the
clock. _Six o’clock? Who the hell…? _Sleep late, I hardly knew what sleeping
late was, that’s something teenagers liked to do.

Looking out the peep hole all I saw was a dark head. _Lindsey?_ I opened the
door a crack. Sure enough. She was smiling at me as she held a covered dish in
her hands.

“`Morning, Chuck.”

“`Morning, Lindsey.” I looked her up and down a second. A bath robe seemed to
be all she had on. I opened the door for her to step in to my apartment. “Um,
yeah, come on in. What do you have?”

“Breakfast.” She crossed the room to the small kitchenette, set the bowl down
to take the towel off showing me, still hot, a quiche keesh hot dish.

At this point I couldn’t say no to the girl. I gestured to the table as I
closed the door.

I took down two plates and got out what I had for a typical bachelor’s pad in
the way of silverware. I don’t think she minded as she waited for me to cut up
the keesh and place a sliced on each plate.

“Coffee? Um, I really don’t have anything else.”

Lindsey hunched her shoulders like a little girl smiling nodding she giggled a
bit. I gestured to a chair then poured us each a cup of coffee then sliced the
keesh.

I took a fork full of the egg and cheese dish with certain spices she added
in. My eyes must have opened wider. “That’s good, Lindsey.”

“Thank you. I made it this morning.”

I lifted my gaze studying at her again. Lindsey was in her third year of
college but still a long ways from achieving her degree. I figured she had to
be at least ten years my junior, yet the girl had a high school girl’s crush
on me. This was her way of saying what she had trouble telling me.

After that morning Lindsey and I would meet at either apartment for breakfast,
sometimes on Sunday lunch. Lindsey enjoyed cooking for me which relieved me of
the problem of my own cooking. Thank god for takeout food once in a while. I
had preferred customer status at the local Chinese restaurant and take out.

My thoughts on Lindsey at this point went beyond the plutonic stage. I had to
admit she was a pretty girl. Other than the occasional problem with her
computer, which she recruits me to fix. I think she sometimes contrives the
problem just to get me down stairs. My “Mr. Fix It” would not end with
“Thanks, see ya” rather she offered me something to eat and drink, and
conversation that lasted late in to the evening.

I began to feel a big brother attachment to her that I never felt for another
girl other than Brenda. As the weather improved we would take early Saturday
and sometimes Sunday morning strolls along the promenade. We’d walk out onto
the sandy beach looking over the flotsam and other seaborne junk washed up to
the beach. I don’t know when it happened, but we began holding hands, one day
as we returned to the apartments we stopped at her door, I leaned down to kiss
her.

“Bye.”

Lindsey looked up at me astonished the look turned to one of a pleasant
surprise as I started up the stairs. Then I heard her call: “Chuck, do you
have to go?”

I stopped half way up the stairs. Looking back at Lindsey I saw a pleading in
her eyes as she waited to see what I would do. I smiled then took my jacket
off, slung it carelessly over the right shoulder and descended the stairs back
to Lindsey.

I leaned down to give her another kiss. She instantly responded as she held on
to me to give me a kiss. “Stay awhile?”

I nodded. “Of course.”

Stepping in to the apartment Lindsey backed in as I pushed the door closed
flipping the lock shut. I tossed the jacket onto the back of a chair as I
reached out to the girl. Lindsey started to take her jacket off I extended my
hands to stop her, turning her I helped her off with the jacket tossing it on
to the chair beside mine.

She glanced over her shoulder at me. I leaned down to kiss her on the cheek
turning her, I kissed on the lips. Turning she held her hands out to me to put
her arms around me. I could not resist the kiss which darn near turned my toes
inside out. We stood in the middle of the living room kissing; that’s what she
wanted. Seems no guy had given her more than a chaste kiss. Now, I had opened
a flood gate of emotion in the girl.

I guided her over to the sofa to sit her down but she sat on my lap as if she
were pinning me in place. We stared into each other’s eyes for a minute. I was
hesitant; she saw that in me, waiting for our lips to meet.

Placing my arms around her slender body I pulled her against me just holding
onto her. That is what she wanted, to be held and loved. I did not realize how
much I missed holding someone like this. As we kissed I slide my hands up to
the small tender form of her breast. Feeling it through the wool of her
sweater I brought a sigh and moan from the girl.

Sliding my hand up under her sweater I felt the satin straps of her bra. I
lifted the sweater over her head tossing it aside. The black bra instantly
gave me what felt like a second hardon over what I already had. Sliding my
hands along her body, her skin smooth as silk, I drew Lindsey toward me
feeling her up, sliding my hands up her smooth back. Lindsey leaned toward me,
her breasts pressed against my chest. Her expression spoke volumes to me

Then to my pleasure Lindsey sat up facing me and straddled my lap sitting on
me.

“Now you won’t go anywhere, Chuck.”

I wasn’t planning on it for a while. We just sat there the rest of the
afternoon like that.

As the weather improved by the middle of February Lindsey and I began the
habit of taking late afternoon strolls on the promenade after she would get
back from school and sometimes after I’d finish at the “offices” as I called
them.

3.

Lindsey and I walked along the promenade, far out the water was an aqua-marine
shade, the water heaving as with convulsions, the surface crashing to shore.
Lindsey walked with her hand tucked through my arm. I had begun to look
forward to these brief walks with Lindsey at my side. Having Lindsey with me
at those times was like a tonic for my tortured soul. The girl made me feel
good.

I found an empty bench near the ferry pier to watch the coming and going of
the ferry that took people and their cars out to the larger of the group of
islands. The only thing I told Lindsey one time that I’d enjoy about living on
one of the islands: “_No nosey neighbors and no door-to-door sales people_.”
The girl laughed. “_But somebody would find a way to bug you_.”

True.

However one afternoon I slipped back into my melancholy mood. Lindsey hugged
up to me as we followed our path along the promenade to the ferry slip.

She chanced to ask: “What’s the matter, Chuck? It’s been a while that I have
seen you like this.”

“Thinking.”

“_Thinking about her_?”

We continued to follow the promenade, occasionally glancing toward the rough
late winter surf. A coastal freighter worked its way to the harbor and the
piers.

I know now Lindsey felt a twinge of jealousy toward the unseen woman I still
pined for. For the moment she thought I was finally over _her –_ this other
woman.

Lindsey took a chance to ask: “What are you thinking about?”

“I don’t know. Thinking.”

Lindsey and I had played this game before. Today Lindsey decided it was time
she got to the bottom of those moods. She was able to guide me to the guard
rail. Holding onto my arm Lindsey looked out over  
the beach and surf for a minute. She looked up at me her doe eyes serious as
she held onto me. The wind of late winter blowing through our hair, Lindsey
asked in a calm tone.

“Chuck. Tell me the truth, what’s bothering you?”

I stared straight ahead for a moment. I wanted to run away, go find her, bring
her back to me. But knowing Lindsey, she would find a way to find me herself.
I drew in a deep breath, tears trickling down my face. My throat was
constricted as I tried to speak.

“Nothing.”

Lindsey wanted to say something to me, but she knew what would happen. I would
only withdraw deeper in to myself. I know at this point she was glad she had
taken that psychology class for the extra credits. She was determined now to
put it to good use.

Breathing deep, Lindsey knew her plan to trap me in my own words would have to
work now, a one shot deal; otherwise she’d find herself chasing after me
herself.

She turned to take hold of my sides, gripping my coat in her hands. “Chuck, do
you think I don’t know what you’ve been going through? You think I don’t know?
I know you still hold out hope Brenda will come back to you. No, don’t count
on it ever happening. I doubt if she will. You’re just eating yourself up with
self-pity over the loss. It’s time you pull yourself together and get over it.
And besides – I love you. I’m the one who loves you.”

The revelation was one which shocked me. Lindsey’s words seemed to have
snapped me out of my self-pity. On impulse I leaned down to kiss her. Suddenly
I saw Lindsey in a new way. She had been waiting for the right moment to say
that to me.

Drawing in a deep shuddering breath, the words coming haltingly, tears welled
up in my eyes. Gritting my teeth to fight back the tears, I said in a
sorrowful tone. “Lindsey – I’m sorry if I’ve been such a jerk to you. Teach me
all over again to love you the way you love me?”

“Let me into your heart we’ll learn together …”

I wrapped my arms around Lindsey holding her close, tears of mixed sorrow of
time lost, joy lost, happiness finally found in a remote corner of the city.

I finally put my arms around her pulling her to me, hugging her— I cried as
Lindsey held me knowing she finally broke through my fragile shield of self-
pity and doubt. Years of loss would be hers to help me overcome with her love
and devotion.

“I love you, Chuck…”

“And I love you, Lindsey…”

After awhile we walked back to the apartment.

With time Lindsey moved in with me and soon after that, we were married.
Lindsey took that fragile self-doubt that I harbored and did change me to
someone who saw the real love that a girl can give a man.

# # #

