### Arrival (In Front Of the Train Station) by MissEncheva

**Date Added:** 2015-09-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** What happens when she arrives back. She wants him but does he want her? He confuses her... And just like that she's off the train and taking in the fresh humid air in the town centre and What? Why? Het, hurt/comfort, strong language, POV 

* * *

Two more steps and I'm finally here. I look outside at the town centre. The
dark clouds are hanging low above the rooftops of the buildings; the small
raindrops falling freely from the sky making my hair curly ... WHAT? Right
there, next to that bench, where one of my best friends was waiting for me
just a few months ago before we went on a small road trip, I see him. He is
smoking, looking at me as I exit the train station. How did he even know my
arrival time? I had only told my friend Laura about it. But that no longer
matters - my stomach clenches and my legs feel as if they will fail me any
second; I can hear my heart beating in my ears and my vision goes blurry for a
second. How is it possible for one person to have such an effect on someone
else? And even though inside I am ready to break down, my fabulous exterior
remains unchanged. I can't smile though; I look down for a short second and
make a step forward. The wind blows around me and makes a mess of my hair
which hides my face. And that's all the time I need to compose myself. I look
up at him and smile gently; I see him smiling back as he drops his cigarette
on the ground and starts walking slowly towards me. I am pulling my luggage
behind myself, the noise of the wheels combined with the wind is making it
impossible to hear anything if either of us spoke and thank God for that. I
look down once again, trying not to observe him but I already know that he’s
taking a mint chewing gum and putting it in his mouth – I don’t need to look.
And there goes my mind drowning in thoughts about the future of the next 20
seconds. I simply don't know what I would say to him. It's so difficult with
all that miscommunication and all the shit that happened a few months back
between us and us and our friends. What can I say to him? Maybe I should let
him speak first; I already know that this is precisely what I would do, even
though we have already tried that and it did not work out at all.  
I seriously hate not communicating with people on the level of knowing exactly
how they feel about a situation. If we're just going to be friends, that's
fine; if you want to have fun with me until the girl you're after comes around
- fucking say so! - I won't be mad, just the opposite - c'mon, let's do it!
Just speak to me – fucking tell me what’s on your bloody mind!  
But there's that type of guys, who like being all subtle and I don't know what
he's on about and what he wants. I had only heard about them before I met him
and to me they were simply a legend. Apparently I was wrong and they are not a
fairy-tale, they do exist and by the time I learned how to deal with them, it
was already too messed up for his type to handle. Oh well… I thought I was
over it… I thought.  
While my brain is speeding with memories and questions and everything there is
to think about my legs are carrying me closer to him mechanically; until...  
"Hey." he says gently when I stop in front of him and I look up to face him.  
I smile with a bit of sadness in my eyes and I hug him before he registers the
unwelcome feeling. It's one of my special hugs that are so very typical for
me; full body, hard and long; it creates strong tension, makes you hold your
breath and then let go of it gently so as not to disturb my cosiness as I'm
giving my hug. It’s as if I'm creating a small universe which gravitates
around an enormous black hole of sexual tension. And after what seems like
forever I start letting go... gently and slowly. My face moves close past
yours, I look into your eyes, I bite my lower lip and smile softly… and here
you are, finding yourself looking at my red lips.  
It's not the first time that he and I have been in this same exact position;
so he already knows that what he is about to do works well on me. He cups my
cheek with his right hand, his thumb rests on the corner of my lower lip and I
can' help but look down and exhale all the air in my lungs whilst trying to
camouflage a sigh.  
I know that if I look up at his eyes it will only become more difficult; I
know that if I kiss him I will not want to stop… and then I remember we’re
young – we need to make the most of the time we have together! – And then I
remember that this hurts – with him it hurts… Because he’s special.  
A second has passed; I can feel his thumb move across my lower lip and I
slightly open my mouth and close my eyes. My hand lets go of the handle of my
luggage and settles on his biceps, moving up to his shoulder and neck. As my
other hand grabs his jacket at the waist to pull him closer. His hand on my
face takes another position; he lifts my chin up and our lips meet. Soft and
sweet in the first moment right before his left hand pushes the small of my
back towards his body. And when it all collides together I immediately feel
the desire, the passion and even the simples of all those feelings – the
carnal attraction, spilling onto me with a 100 miles per hour. The kiss
rapidly turns hot and heavy, our tongues making love already, leaving our
bodies craving for more.

