### A Witch's Hunt by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-09-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Sorry I haven't written in so long! Here's a little short one, please send feedback if you'd like me to continue! 

* * *

Brandi sighed in relief when she saw the taxi pulling to the curb. She was
late; she was supposed to be there half an hour ago but the subway temporarily
broke down.

She slid into the back seat and shut the door only to see a young man, not
more than 5 years her senior, sitting beside her. He'd gotten into the cab as
well.

“Excuse me,” she said, “but this is my cab.”

“I think it's mine, I hailed it,” he responded with a smirk on his face. He
was very attractive like that, his dark hair tousled and brown eyes shining.

_Stop it Brandi_, she told herself. _You have to get there before it starts_.

“52nd and Broadway,” she told the driver.

“Hey, we're going to the same place. I guess I don't have to get out then.”

She glanced his way skeptically. He laughed. He had a wonderful laugh: rich,
full of happiness. “Brandi Caesar,” she said, extending her hand.

He shook it. “Jonathan Hunt.”

“Where are you going?” she asked.

“To see Wicked. I'm meeting my daughter there,” he replied easily.

_Oh_, Brandi thought. He had a daughter but no ring. Divorced? Widower?

He noticed how she stared at his left hand, probably wondering why there was
no ring. He would tell her, but she looked distant herself so he decided to
keep his mouth shut.

“I'm off to Wicked as well,” she said.

“Maybe I'll see you,” he chuckled.

She nodded, blushing slightly. _You will_, she thought, _you most definitely
will_.

They say in silence for the rest of the ride. When it came time to pay, she
reached for her purse but he stopped her. “Don't worry about it," he said.
"You look like you're in a hurry, I know the show starts at 7.”

“But your daughter,” she said quietly.

“I'll find her. Just go,” he answered softly. What he really wanted was for
her to leave so he could get his head straight. She was a beautiful woman,
probably only a few years younger than him. He hadn't thought about anyone
like this since Marie died.

He paid the driver and rushed to find Persy, his sister, who'd been taking
care of Melody, his daughter who was turning six in a month, while he's been
on a business trip in Argentina. Melody would be so excited to see him; he
hated going on trips so often, but his boss was relentless.

“Daddy!”

He smiled and scooped his daughter up into his arms. "Hey stranger," he
laughed. “You look so pretty today.”

She giggled. "Auntie Persy says I'm gonna meet Elphaba!"

“Yes you are,” he replied. “I got us special tickets.”

Melody clapped her hands together. “Can we go now?”

“Yes, pumpkin, we can. Come on, let's go.” He put her down and held her hand,
walking towards the theatre. They said goodbye to Persy before entering the
doors.

Brandi rushed to the back door and ran to the makeup room.

“There you are!” her styler, Tanya, exclaimed. “Where were you?”

“Subway broke down,” Brandi sighed.

Tanya immediately began to paint green onto Brandi's neck and face.

After the show, Tanya reminded Brandi she had a small group to meet, ones
who'd bought backstage passes. The passes were part of a new program, one that
came out just last year. Honestly, she loved meeting audience members; they
always made her smile, especially the kids.

Brandi looked at Charlotte, aka Glinda, and smiled. Both of them loved this
part of their jobs.

“Miss Elphaba!” a small voice squealed.

Brandi looked up to see a girl, probably 5 or 6, running up to her. A few
voices called out Glinda's name too.

“Hello!” Brandi cooed, kneeling down. “And who might you be?”

“Melody,” she replied proudly. “Melody Hunt. Daddy always says to say your
last name too so people remember.”

“Well, your daddy is a very smart man. How old are you?”

“I'm almost 6!”

“Wow! You're gonna be a big girl!”

Melody grinned. “Have you met my daddy? He was in Argita,” she stated. Her
voice was filled with excitement.

“That's so cool! Where's Argita?” Brandi asked.

“She means Argentina,” a voice said from above.

Brandi looked up to see the man from the cab. Her heart skipped a beat.

“You didn't mention you were Elphaba,” he chuckled.

“You didn't ask,” she responded smoothly.

He laughed.

“I want to be just like you,” stated Melody. “I want to be Elphaba when I grow
up.”

“Really?”

“Yeah! I love to sing!”

Brandi's smile broadened. “Would you sing for me?” she asked.

Melody immediately burst into Defying Gravity, hitting more notes than Brandi
expected. She only sang half the song, but Brandi knew she'd be on Broadway
someday.

"That was awesome!” she exclaimed, clapping her hands. “With hard work and
your voice, you'll be Elphaba in no time!”

Melody beamed as Brandi stood. “Your daughter has a beautiful voice,” she
remarked.

“She does,” Jonathan agreed.

The three of them spent another hour together until the Hunts had to leave for
dinner.

Jonathan shifted from foot to foot while Melody was talking to Glinda.

“Would you like to go for coffee sometime?” he blurted very unceremoniously.

Brandi was surprised by the offer but didn't refuse. “I would love to,” she
answered. “But you'd need my number for that.”

His shoulders relaxed. “Yeah,” he grinned, “I would. It'd be a shame if you
isn't give it to me.”

“If you never ask you'll never get it.”

“Well then, can I have your number?”

She laughed and nodded, typing her number into his phone. He watched her as
she held his phone. Her laughter was music, almost like she was singing. He
liked her. For the first time in three years, he realized, he wanted to date
again.

Melody came running back to Brandi. “Daddy, do we have to go? Can we stay?”
she pleaded.

“I'm sorry pumpkin, we have to go home. Now say goodbye and thank you to Miss
Elphaba.”

“Thank you Miss Elphaba!”

“Call me Brandi,” she said, winking. Then Brandi took off her witch hat and
placed it atop Melody's head. “You can keep that. So you can practice being
Elphaba.”

Melody's eyes widened and her smile got even bigger. “Thank you! Oh thank you
thank you thank you!” She hugged Brandi tightly, her small figure nearly
disappearing in Brandi's cloak.

A rush of sadness came over Jonathan when he saw Melody hug Brandi. She didn't
remember her mother; how could she, she'd only been three when the crash
happened.

Brandi caught his eye and saw a strong sadness behind his eyes, one she
recognized and related to.

The look disappeared when Melody turned to her father and grabbed his hand.

Jonathan suddenly didn’t want to leave Brandi. “You know,” he said, taking a
deep breath mentally, “you could join us for dinner if you’d like. We’re only
eating pasta at home.” To Jonathan, Brandi looked very Italian; dark hair,
dark eyes, olive skin.

Brandi was shocked by the offer; they’d just met. Dozens of men had asked her
on a date in the past, but never like this. They were always confident jerks.
But Jonathan was different; he was genuine, and didn’t just want to get in her
pants.

Since she had nothing else to do for the night, Brandi nodded. “Yes, I’d love
that. Would you mind waiting for me to change and take off this green makeup?”

“Of course,” answered Jonathan. “We’ll wait here.”

Brandi rushed to the changing rooms, her heart racing and her arms, just
filled with Melody's warm heart, cold.

When Brandi was out of sight, Jonathan turned to find Melody talking to Glinda
again. Following his daughter’s footsteps, he introduced himself to be polite.

“Charlotte Walker,” said the blonde woman in a white dress. Her voice wasn’t
nearly as melodic as Brandi’s, Jonathan thought.

“Jonathan Hunt,” he replied, shaking her hand. “Melody here is my daughter.”

“You are a lucky man,” Charlotte laughed. “Melody is quite talented. I hear
she wants to be Elphaba.”

“That’s right!” Melody proudly agreed, grinning from ear to ear.

Jonathan knew Charlotte had noticed the absence of a wedding ring because her
body language changed from polite to flirtatious. _Brandi,_ he begged, _hurry
up._

Jonathan talked with Charlotte for another painful half hour before Brandi
came zooming out of the changing rooms. There was a little green residue on
the bottom of her chin but besides that, the makeup was mostly off.

“I’m so sorry, the paint takes so long to scrub off,” Brandi apologized.

Jonathan waved a hand, dismissing the apology. His dark eyes twinkled with
excitement. “We should get going,” he told Charlotte. Melody pouted for a bit
but eventually relented and followed her father out the door.

