### Solo ch.3: Sweat Paste Ministries by VampireLuv

**Date Added:** 2015-10-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Humph, funny how the soapsuds ended up being the game-changer. Kent whispered in the darkness...."You're safe with me." 

* * *

_Solo _

_Chapter III: Sweat Paste Ministries_

Earlier in the night, lighthearted banter progressing at the dinner table was
quite charming. Oh, there is more fun to be had, but a small mind achieves
nothing.

"I am your captive tonight." Lora's fake lashes pressed against the sleekness
of his chest. "See? Didn't I promise you dessert, baby?"

Kent struggled to keep his bearings, as Lora's blood scent enticed the beast
inside him. Small sips of air were a lousy substitute, but he had but one
choice. Kent held power still—over the creature. He convinced himself of it or
be drawn into everything he did not want to cleave to.

He curled one arm around Lora's waist. Swelling muscles pinned her right where
he needed her to be.

"Yeah, but I still had to do the dishes," he griped.

A much hated chore for any breathing thing and him included. Fantastic
finagling worked to negotiate her agreement to remove an article of clothing
for each dish successfully washed. Lora sternly resisted, initially. He'd
never known her to be a cheater until she rushed to the hallway closet coming
back layered in an entire new wardrobe. Her thigh-high boots over four pairs
of socks was a bit much.

_Humph, funny how the soapsuds ended up being the ultimate game-changer__,
_Kent reflected.

His ribcage absorbed her muffled giggles, as she pushed at him. He was teasing
again. Kent was easy like that. He could be anywhere on a Sunday night and in
any woman's cozy bed, but not tonight. He was spending more of his available
time in hers, lately.

"Am I supposed to do every thing?" Lora's breasts shimmied on every syllable,
as she spoke to his nonsense.

With one eyebrow raised, Kent held on to the last shreds of willpower. There
was just something about Lora that challenged his libido. All fine with him of
course; plus, he was as ready as he needed to be. She knows that.

"I don't mind the music playing," he nibbled at the tip of her ear, "but we
ain't talking all night." Words beautifully timed with the shift in music
invigorating the bedroom ambiance.

"Diplomacy will get you everywhere," she sparred in jest.

Lora was cunning, using music as a punctuation mark to fortify stimulative sex
play. She was proud of herself, humming along to _Love To Love You Baby _while
wrapped up in her lover's arms.

Donna Summer's voice was absolute perfection in the surround sound of motive
and eroticism thrumming through the wireless speakers. The selection was meant
to repress second thoughts, holdbacks and jam-ups. Oh no-no, none of that in
her boudoir with this delicious man, but yeah—she's had her share of
knuckleheads.

She wiggled up, using her tongue to delight in his nipple ring.

"Mmm. Donna Summer.... an oldie but goodie. Excellent choice," he
complimented. Kent smiled at the implications.

Lora's cool tongue kept pace as _Practice What You Preach_ started playing
next.

Whoa, now this song upped the ante. _Surely she isn't rushing my cool_? The
brassy and soulful vibrato of Barry White's lingual prose filled the room.
There's nothing like a promising verdict rich in conviction to blow a woman's
mind. Music can't do that last part. _That's_ _where I come in, literally_.

Lora's right hand began to slow-slide on her own cue. It inched down Kent's
chest, not stopping at his brick-slick belly. Agreed, it damn sure wasn't
about talking. On a search-and-find mission.... her hand found. He needed to
stop playing. With prize in hand, Lora's exuberant moans were rife with
anticipation.

"Well, you stretched my thong worthless," she baited. "Was that the finale?"

An effortless body-roll gained him top position. It happened so fast that for
a brief moment, Lora didn't feel the bed sheets shift beneath her. An odd
sensation of hovering hiccuped her breath, and Kent swooped in to kiss fear
away.

"We've done this before," he whispered in the darkness. "You're safe with me."
Just about to speak up, Kent covered her mouth again. She would learn that, in
her bed, he was running things.

Lora's curiosity transitioned to a yearning desire of nodding consent. With
one free hand, her delicate fingers intwined in his hair, as she held him to
her lips for more sensuous tongue titillation. He was a formidable recipient
for such things, too.

The playful atmosphere now astrayed by seduction, he barely caught the end of
her unguarded thoughts. Impishly, Kent donated a _Thank, you._

Lora frowned. It was silly to think that she was so turned-up that she heard
his voice in her head— penetrating her own mind yaps. He was always right
there with her. _Just so..... weird_.

"Am I doing too much?"

"Don't you know?" she queried. Okay, his accuracy was unnerving, but not a red
flag. Usually, mysterious men are very sexy and oftentimes, intrigue, as the
arsenal is a perfect aphrodisiac. Kent could overawe a woman with his finesse
alone, yet he's not one to leave artillery in the toolbox.

"You do it well, baby," she said out loud. Lora's eyes popped open from
embarrassment. She gritted her teeth in panic. _Oh, please don't ask_!

_Won't_.

_Damn_, _his voice echoes all through me_. Her stomach fluttered, but she
refused to analyze it further. Not this time because she was on the verge
of..... well, everything. Her insides steamed-up on his greenlight's first go.
Ironically, it started in the kitchen. Well, perhaps even before that—like at
the front door after being kissed so attentively. Yep, that's when her insides
really started to broil.

Lora felt his warm palm curve down the length of her thigh and over the swerve
of her toned calf. She chewed her bottom lip, quivering. _A leg man— _her mind
rejoiced, and the way he was appreciating hers was flat out erotic.

Lora struggled with short breaths; nipples plumping. Expectedly, she writhed
with need as her love canal became a flood zone threatening imminent breach,
but his hand strokes continued raising her arousal higher.

_We gettin' to the good, baby, _Kent stopped to lecture. _The sugar's in the
sweat paste_. _I know just how to get at it, too_.

Dizzied by passion, her voice delayed. "If .....eeefff you..... if yoooeww
start sucking my toes.... we gone have us a problem."

He fake-coughed to keep from laughing at her lazy threat. "Tell me why that
won't work for you?"

"You'll lose your pretty white teeth," she recuperated good and fast.

Not able to hold back, Kent broke. The thickness of his chuckle goose-bumped
her forearms. Playfulness had a way of coaxing freedom right out of her.

And Lora wanted to sacrifice more of hers to him than she ever gave any man.
Under the influence of sex, equal rights and freedom are negotiable on
battlegrounds. Plus, civility matters much since sweaty sex could keep her
pasted all night in revelry. _It sure didn't go down like this on the
battlefield at Gettysburg_! Lora was down for that since she was feeling more
than the usual hot and insatiable stirring that filled her up with lush
fantasies.

"Share them with me," Kent insisted. If not for her hesitation, he hadn't
realized he'd read her mind again.

"How do you..... "

"Shhh," he answered, then sucked deep and long on her tongue. "What are we
yapping for?" If he had a white flag... he'd toss it in surrender to end the
chat festival.

He shifted to massage Lora's other leg with long, luxurious strokes that made
her moan deep in obedience. Her toes twitched reflexively, incited by the
mastery of his touch. She grabbed his hand, finally undone by lascivious
impulsivity, and began sensual sucks on each of his long fingers.

She flooded all over again when Kent maneuvered her with gentleness, using one
thewy arm to correct her beneath him. Sex pheromones became the room's new
deodorizing ambiance, and she was drenched. Euphoric waves whooshed down the
length of Lora's spine, and she arched in permission for his entry. _Now,
please, now_! And she was talking to every voice in and outside her head,
whoever was in the room.... _Whateva!_

Full lips brushed her forehead, and she wrapped her arms around his broad
shoulders. She nestled her head beneath his, tasting her black mascara on the
tip of his salty chin. When her legs came up over his waist, Kent moved in to
whisper into her ear. His warm breath, goose-bumping the tiny hairs on the
nape of her neck, tickled her ear.

"This ain't practice, baby," he crooned. "I'm ready to preach."

Kent let go orgiastic moans, unashamed and bound-up with desire. Hunger made
him exert, but he denied himself to pleasure in more than her offering. He
fought not to siphon from her private thoughts, as his challenges met her
liberation exquisitely. But he had to deny the beast. It could not win
tonight.

"Preach!" she begged at the top of her lungs, ready to receive his ministry.
And the blended sounds of sex, music, and escaped snickles from Lora's anxious
laughter rent the air.

Wingless

Somehow the darkness seemed gloomier. Oressa sighed, miserably consumed by
heartache. She explored the rim of her glass with the tip of index finger....
round and around and around. It mimicked the broadcast repeating in her mind,
pretty much against her will. It was shattering not having control over
reality, so unlike the T.V. shows.

She stared up into space, prayer-less. It was humiliating being an emotional
drain on such a beautiful full moon. She shook her head. The night sky was
littered with stars and manless satellites. Lots of space junk up there. She
was that. Her spacecraft had been toiling far too long on injured wings.
Inevitably, love wasn't salvageable with her Jae, and gravity has no mercy for
wingless flights.

She closed her eyes tight, leaving her thoughts in debate over Jae's
whereabouts. It wasn't like her to be out on the back patio at this hour of
the night, but loneliness does dumb things. Slowly opening her eyes, she
focused on the Frisbee lying on the table. It never got its chance to fly, so
perhaps she was the lucky one after all.

She reflected on Lora's advice and motivational coaching that her break-up
would be the best thing to ever happen to her. The pep talk was designed to
make her feel better about being ditched. _Not working_.

Distant sounds made her jump up. Her chair teetered back and she caught it
just before it crashed to the ground. She couldn't really see anything, but
the noise intensified, prompting Oressa to raise her hand to the base of her
neck. _What on earth is going on over there_?

Sounded like gunfire, which was absolutely absurd in her manicured
neighborhood. She wasn't being dismissive though, on a bitter night like this.
She observed the blackness more closely, and it did appear some of the
streetlamps were out on some of the adjacent streets. "Well, that's not new,"
she voiced to no one in particular.

She picked up her glass of melted ice cubes and headed back inside. The
hardwood floor felt cool underneath her bare feet. At a slow pace, the sink
was her destination and upon reaching it, she poured the diluted contents down
the drain. She wasn't much of a drinker to begin with. _Jae is_. Carefully
placing the glass bottom side-up on the sink's counter, Oressa turned on the
nightlight above the stove.

Her grocery bags were neatly folded on the bar, right next to her life line.
It would be selfish to call Lora at this hour of the night for a pep talk, she
figured. Heck, her drama almost overshadowed her best friend's dinner plans.
She never did ask the name of her date and actually, Lora didn't volunteer it,
either. Oressa tapped her nails on the counter. _Who could this one be_? She
tilted her head, running through names like a rolodex machine. The effort
could occupy her enough to keep Jae off her mind.

Oressa paused. _Nooo_! Her breathing became labored. She wildly swung her head
back and forth. Prickling perspiration stung her armpits as she broke out in a
cold sweat. _Lora and Jae_? Her hands covered her gaping mouth. She took four
deep breaths. "Get a grip!" she yelled out. After another heartbeat, she
laughed with shame to be so vulnerable that her thoughts spiraled out of
control.

Gripping the bar with both hands, she was begging for mental stability. Any
more salacious thoughts threatened to bring her right to her knees. Her very,
very best friend and ex-lover certainly _were not_ messing around. _No way_.
Oressa pressed her hand to her forehead at the insanity of it all.

Regaining good sense, she carried the phone back to the bedroom and tossed it
on the bed. It was disturbing to think Lora would go behind her back, which
Lora was incapable of doing. It's certainly not the type of friend she has
ever been. Stealing a moment, Oressa slipped into a silky pink camisole,
muttering more disgust. It hadn't been a full 24 hours since Jae broke it off,
yet here she was concocting the outrageous betrayal of her best friend and the
man she loved.

_Absolutely disgusting_.

How on earth could she even think it? She pulled the covers up to her chin and
stared at the high ceiling until her eyes adjusted to the darkness. Hot
streams of tears trailed from the corner of her eyes. She wiped the burn away
with weak and trembly hands. There was a hole in her heart as wide as the
Grand Canyon. _The worst Sunday ever_, she cried.

