### A Witch's Hunt: Chap. 2 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-10-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** “Right there, there’s a little chocolate on your lips.” She licked them. “Good?” He shook his head. “Still there.” She licked them again. “Now?” “Nope. Here, let me get it for you.” 

* * *

Jonathan set the bowl of pasta in front of Brandi and watched hopefully as she
took a bite. “Mm,” she moaned, “this is literally the best tomato sauce I have
ever tasted. It’s even better than mine.”

Jonathan laughed at that. “I’ll have to try yours sometime, then.”

Brandi shrugged. “I don’t know, maybe.”

After Melody had gone to bed, Jonathan and Brandi sat at the kitchen table
sipping wine. “Have you always wanted to be Elphaba?”

“No, actually,” Brandi replied easily. She’d received that question countless
times. “I wanted to be Nessa.”

“You wanted to roll around in a wheel chair the whole time?”

Brandi gave him a small smile, a sad smile Jonathan knew too well. He had one
of his own, hidden away somewhere no one but he could find.

“I was in a wheelchair for most of my childhood,” she replied.

Jonathan nearly choked on his wine. Brandi? In a wheelchair? “Why?”

“I was in North Tower on 9/11. A supporting beam fell on both my knees and
crushed them. The doctors didn’t think I’d walk again.”

“Oh my god,” Jonathan murmured, setting his glass down. “I’m so sorry to hear
that. How long did it take to walk after that?”

Brandi shrugged. “About six years. I went to physical therapy for three
years.”

Jonathan looked at her with compassion and empathy. For a moment, Brandi lost
herself in the deep blue color. Then she tore her gaze away and downed the
rest of her glass.

“My wife, Marie, was killed in a car accident when Melody was three. She was
on her way to pick Melody up from day care.”

Brandi’s heart broke at the thought of the two of them going through something
so tragic. “I’m so sorry,” she said. “Does Melody remember her?”

“No,” he answered sadly, “but she knows what happened to her.”

“Do you remember her?” Brandi asked softly.

He nodded solemnly, pouring more wine into both glasses. An easy silence hung
between them, peaceful and caressing, warming and gentle.

“So, did you like Argentina?”

After several more hours of casual talking, both 9/11 and Marie didn’t come up
again. The odd pair simply enjoyed one another’s company, losing track of time
until the clock struck twelve.

“My goodness,” Brandi laughed. “Where did the time go? I should really get
going, and I’m sure you need rest.”

Jonathan nodded. Melody had school in the morning. He walked her to the front
door.

Unable to resist, he said, “You’ve got a little something there.”

“What?” answered Brandi, her hands immediately flying up to cover her face.

“Right there, there’s a little chocolate on your lips.”

She licked them. “Good?”

He shook his head. “Still there.”

She licked them again. “Now?”

“Nope. Here, let me get it for you.”

Before either of them could register what was happening, Jonathan leaned down
and kissed her.

To his relief, Brandi didn’t pull away. Her lips were soft as silk and sweet
as honey, as were his. He couldn’t get enough.

Brandi hadn’t kissed anyone in over two years, and for Jonathan, three years.
Not since Marie died. As for Brandi, well, she didn’t want to tell him about
it just yet.

Jonathan pulled back slightly, breathing hard. Brandi was breathless.

This time, with double the passion and ferocity, he kissed her again, letting
his lips glide over hers. She whimpered quietly, dropping her bags and draping
her arms around his neck. Jonathan dropped his hands to her waist and pulled
her closer.

“Can you wait to go home until tomorrow?” he asked quietly, pulling away.

“Sure. But don’t wake Melody up.”

Jonathan chuckled, lifting her up with his strong arms. Her legs wrapped
around his waist. “You’re worried about me? You should be more concerned about
yourself.”

Brandi gasped, not expecting him to be this naughty. She slapped him in the
back of the head teasingly. “Shhh,” she giggled.

Jonathan grinned, carrying her to the bedroom. Gently tossing her on the bed,
he turned and shut the door with a little click. Brandi sat back, admiring the
view before her. He definitely worked out a few times a week, and his skin was
the color of caramel. His tousled hair was like dark chocolate and his
shoulders were broad. At least six inches taller than her, Jonathan stood at
over 6 feet.

Jonathan pressed his lips against hers fiercely, and the night quickly slipped
away.

The next morning, Brandi woke up before Jonathan, rolling over to find him
sound asleep. She smiled and slipped out from under the covers. Throwing on
her clothes from the day before, Brandi looked to see that the time was almost
8. Melody had to be at the school in half an hour.

She quickly found Melody’s room and quietly sat down next to the little girl’s
sleeping figure. “Melody,” she whispered, placing a hand on her forehead
gently. Horrified, she found that it was burning hot. “Melody.”

Jonathan’s daughter opened her eyes wearily, blinking to focus on Brandi.
“Miss Elphaba?”

“It’s Brandi, dear. How do you feel? You’re really hot.”

“I’m really cold.”

Brandi ran to the bathroom, fetching a thermometer, and took Melody’s
temperature. It read 102. She was not going to school today.

“Alright, I’ll be right back. Can you swallow pills?”

Melody nodded. “But Daddy says not to take them unless he says so.”

Brandi chuckled. “He is a smart man. I’ll be right back to get him, okay? You
don’t have to go to school today.”

Melody grinned cheekily. “Yay!”

She rose from the bed and gently shook Jonathan awake. “Melody has a fever.”

Glancing at the clock, the dark-haired man grabbed a box of Tylenol and a
glass of water.

Melody swallowed the small pill and almost immediately fell back into her
pillows, deep in slumber.

Jonathan sat on the edge of his daughter’s bed, watching her sleep peacefully,
with Brandi standing in the doorway, watching them both. She had not felt like
part of a family for over a decade.

He looked over his shoulder to see Brandi staring at him. Smirking, he asked,
“What?”

“Nothing,” she replied smoothly. “Nothing at all.”

**Please send feedback if you'd like me to continue the story!**

