### A Witch's Hunt: Chap. 3 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-10-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Brandi laughed, receding to her previous seat at the counter. As Jonathan skillfully soaped and rinsed the bowl, Brandi could see the defined muscle beneath his red sleeves. He looked very good in red. 

* * *

**Please send feedback if you'd like me to continue with this story!**

Jonathan knew there was something wrong but decided not to press it. Brandi
would tell him if she wanted him to know.

The two stepped outside Melody’s room and closed the door, quietly walking
down the hallway to the kitchen. Jonathan opened up the pantry and grabbed a
box of Cheerios, but Brandi shook her head, smiling.

Her eye had caught the can of pumpkin and the chocolate chips. Brandi’s baking
mind was already working, remembering her mother’s recipe for pumpkin
chocolate chip muffins. They were her signature dessert.

“Step aside, sir, if you please.” Brandi stood in front of him, smiling.

Confused, Jonathan chuckled and sat behind the counter where Brandi had been
sitting just moments before.

Opening all the cabinets and the fridge, Brandi pulled out her ingredients and
got right to work.

“May I ask what you’re doing in my kitchen with my food?” laughed Jonathan.

“It’s a secret,” Brandi whispered quietly over the hum of the electric mixer.

“I’m sorry?”

“It’s a secret,” she said louder, clearing her throat. _Now is not the time,
Brandi,_ said the soft voice in her head. _He doesn’t have to know yet, okay?_

_ Okay,_ Brandi answered. That soft voice was her own, but it took care of her
and was gentle with her when need be. It was her guide and the one that would
comfort her. It never yelled. She wasn’t schizophrenic or anything; she just
told herself the right decisions when she didn’t want to admit them to
herself.

Jonathan raised an eyebrow, getting up to get a glass of milk for himself.
Brandi was calm and at ease in the kitchen, just as Marie had been. She’d
always been a baker, making a new dessert every day. He missed that. Her apple
pie was the best.

Brandi saw a flash of emotion pass across Jonathan’s face. Marie, she guessed,
had baked a lot, too, and he was remembering something of hers that was his
favorite. She knew that look; it was on her own face sometimes, when she
remembered her parents. They both passed away of cancer when Brandi was
sixteen. That was twelve years ago.

“Ooh!” Jonathan reached over and dipped his finger in the batter. Brandi
smacked his hand away and threw a spoonful of flour at him.

“There’s raw eggs in there!”

He shrugged. “I’ll be fine.”

She rolled her eyes and shook some nutmeg into the mixture.

Jonathan watched as Brandi scooped the batter into the muffin tins and slid
them into the oven. When she went to the sink to wash the bowls and measuring
cups, Jonathan gently pushed her aside.

“I can do that.”

“It’s okay, you don’t need to.”

“Brandi, seriously. You just used my food. Let me wash them.”

Brandi laughed, receding to her previous seat at the counter. As Jonathan
skillfully soaped and rinsed the bowl, Brandi could see the defined muscle
beneath his red sleeves. He looked very good in red.

“No work today?” she asked politely.

“No, I work from home when I’m not traveling. It gives me more time with
Melody.”

“And Persy babysits when you’re gone?”

He nodded as he grabbed a towel from the drawer.

“It’s usually no more than a week at a time, and Melody is used to it. She
knows how to make herself eggs in the morning.”

“Really?” Brandi smiled. “That’s wonderful. I was like that, too.”

Jonathan was about to say “She gets it from you” but stopped himself,
remembering that Brandi wasn’t Melody’s mother. Instead, he simply smiled and
continued drying the dishes.

“She liked to bake?” Brandi asked suddenly after a long silence.

Jonathan jumped in his skin and turned around. “Who?”

Brandi said nothing and watched him.

Sighing, he replied, “Yeah, she did. She was good at it, too.”

“What was she like?”

“Beautiful,” Jonathan answered softly. “She was everything I ever wanted.”

“Could you be a bit less vague?” Brandi smiled. It was nice to see his face
light up when he talked about his wife.

He laughed. “She was funny and very smart, smarter than me. She also loved to
sing. Melody gets her talent from Marie. I’m not musically gifted.”

“Did she sing professionally?”

“No, but she’d always wanted to. She had to drop out of school when Melody
came along.”

“How old was she?”

“When she died?”

Surprised by his bluntness, Brandi nodded.

“Twenty-eight.”

_As old as me,_ she thought. _So he’s…thirty-one?_

“But don’t worry about me; I’m at peace with it.”

It was as if he’d read her thoughts.

“You were just about to ask that, weren’t you?” Jonathan chuckled, seeing the
expression on her face. When she nodded, he grinned. “Yeah, I get that a lot.”

“Damn, you should be a psychologist.”

Shaking his head, he took the oven mitts out of the drawer and handed them to
the woman sitting across from him. Jonathan watched as Brandi slid the muffins
out of the oven. They were perfect; not a single one had burned. “Wow.”

She beamed as Melody came trudging into the kitchen with a blanket around her.
“Hi Miss Brandi. Hi Daddy.”

“Good morning, Miss Melody,” Brandi answered. “How are you feeling?”

“I’m cold.”

“Would you like a muffin? Brandi made them,” said Jonathan.

“Ooh! What kind?”

“Pumpkin chocolate chip.”

Melody pushed herself onto one of the chairs and grabbed a hot muffin from the
tray. After a bite, she grinned. “Daddy, how come you never make muffins?”

Chuckling, Jonathan took a muffin for himself. “Because I don’t know how.”

“Miss Brandi could teach you!”

The two adults exchanged amused looks. “Sure. We can do it today, if you
want,” Brandi offered.

Melody looked at her father, expectant of a yes.

He shrugged. “Sure.”

Brandi’s phone rang in the bedroom, scaring all of them. “Sorry!” She ran to
her purse and dug out her buzzing phone. It was Charlotte.

“Hey Charlotte!”

“Hey Brandi, do you have a minute?”

“Yeah, of course. Is something wrong?” She could hear the tears behind
Charlotte’s voice.

“Could you…could you come over?”

“Yeah, of course. I’ll be there in twenty minutes. Do you want me to pick up a
latte for you?”

“Would you?”

“Sure.”

“You’re the best. See you soon!”

Brandi set the phone down and walked to the kitchen where Jonathan was taking
Melody’s temperature. He was a good father, especially because Melody’s mother
was no longer around.

“Looks like you’re busy,” said Jonathan, glancing up at Brandi.

“I’m really sorry, but I have to go. Maybe we can make muffins another time?
Something came up just now.”

Melody, too young to hide her disappointment, looked down at her half-eaten
muffin. “Okay.”

“I’ll be back tonight, if that’s okay with your dad.”

Melody looked hopefully at Jonathan, who nodded almost immediately. She
clapped her hands with glee as her legs kicked where she sat on the high
chair.

Brandi grabbed her things from Jonathan’s bedroom and was out the door in two
minutes after a quick goodbye.

Jonathan felt her take a small piece of his heart with her.

