### At Central Station by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-10-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** We meet at central station 

* * *

**At Central Station**

**(Part I)**

_We all have these moments that something extremely unexpected happens. You
know, perhaps when you meet someone and have a good conversation. And in the
end you say goodbye and happen to remember you don’t even know each other’s
names. It happens to me a lot. Happened I must add. I want you to think about
a moment yourself when you decide to continue to read. This might become a
series you know. So is this fiction? Dear reader, my entire life is fiction;
“my life” is the last book that I’ll finish. _

It was a Thursday in December, the year was 2014 when I was leaving the bus.
It was almost half past eleven and I arrived at the train station in
Groningen. The last three hours were spend at the university. I study Small
Business and retail management and for heaven’s sake, I’m already in my third
year. Do I hate going to school? That is a whole other story. But you could
say that I was relieved once I couldn’t see the ugly green tower anymore that
was in the center on our campus.

My train was going to leave in twenty-four minutes. I decided to go to the
bookstore. Thankfully central station of Groningen had a Bruna. I don’t really
know why, but I can spend lots of time just looking at books, cds and dvds.
Just searching for that one product I like at first sight. Normally, there
used to be a free record shop at central station as well. But the company that
brand went bankrupt last year, much to my dismissal. It was also a little cold
outside, another reason to enter a shop while waiting on your train.

I entered the store and went to the thriller department immediately. I only
read thrillers. Lee Child is my favorite author. I’m addicted to his Jack
Reacher series. Which is surprising my friends to this very day, I used to
hate reading books. That was, until I happened to spend two hours a day in a
bus and I watched the Jack Reacher movie with Tom Cruise. The actor people
compare to me when it comes to looks. Same hair, same smile and even the same
eyes. It’s funny when people mention him once again. Do I believe it is a
joke? At first thought, indeed. But then some compared my brother with the
actor as well, and those were people he didn’t know. Let’s say Tom Cruise and
I have something in common, but it’s certainly not our height. I’m 1.87 meter
long.

I picked up a book written by David Baldacci, the Dutch name for it was: “het
uur van de zonde.” I like the whole serial killer idea and I read all the
installments of his Will Robbie series. Since I had to travel today for like 7
hours, I decided to purchase me this book. It was only ten euros. Best buy? I
left the Bruna and wandered around for a bit. I still had to spend fourteen
more minutes until my train would arrive. I hate to waste time, I really hate
to be bored. Why not have a look at my new book? Was what I thought.

I found myself a seat just ten meters away from the main entrance of the train
station. I seated myself and took a deep breath. Today I was going to perform
as background actor for a Dutch television hit show. It was my third job in
the movie industry. I was going to play with actors like Achmed Akkabi and
Thijs Romer. The first one I recognized from a teen mystery series call Huis
Anubis. But eventually I would find out that I wasn’t in one scene that
included any of the main actors.

As I was opening my backpack to grab my new book, I saw a shadow moving
towards me. When he or she came really close, I looked up and saw this woman
standing in front of me. She was about my mother’s length, blue eyes, half
long black hair and white teeth. She was wearing a thick blue coat above her
black skinny jeans. She also wore boots with 4 inch heels. So in fact, she was
a little shorter than my mother. She stopped next to the bench I was sitting
on. Then I heard a bird producing a vocalization “Koww”, a crow. I looked the
other way for a second and spotted the crow. Crows are one of my favorite
animals. They are small but intelligent creatures, do you know they even use
bread crumbles for fishing? Yeah, and I like the mythical background stories
of these birds.

It flew away at the same moment as I looked back to my left and it occurred to
me that whoever she was, was now bending over and searching for something in
her backpack. Then she took her lunch out of it. Only then, it occurred to her
that I was looking at her. You know how it feels like when your being caught
staring at someone you don’t know. Not as intense like when you’re caught
staring by someone you do know, but you feel this warm glow falling upon you,
like you suddenly popped up in Spain or Mexico.

We had eye contact for what must have been a split second. Like many of you, I
looked the other way. Trying to make it look more like coincidence. Then I
smiled and sighed deeply once again. I felt the red appear on my cheeks and
pushed myself a little to act more adult-like. With a smile on my face, my
best Tom Cruise smile I looked at her again. She was holding a pistolet in her
hands and taking a small bite.

‘It works better when you have a little more comfort’, I said.

She turned her head towards me and took another bite at the same time.
Surprised I was saying something to her I saw how she began to blush. Then she
lowered her hands and began to laugh at the same time.

‘That must have looked ridiculous’, she said.

I glimpsed and looked away before I looked back at her. ‘Nah, I’ve seen worse.
Ever heard that you eat very elegantly when you stand?’, I said with a grin.

‘You know you look like an ass when you stare at people?’, She hit back at me.

‘First time someone mentioned that’, I answered honestly.

‘What do they say usually?’ she asked while continuing eating her sandwich.

‘You won’t believe it.’

‘Try me’, she said.

‘Well, I warned you. I am compared to Tom Cruise once in a while.’

‘Is that a real bad joke?’, she said.

‘If I was good at cracking jokes I would’ve become a comedian love.’

‘You’re right, you’re not’, was what she said before she walked away. Yeah,
that happens sometimes you know. As she continued her journey towards the
nearby Albert Hein, eating her sandwich, someone else took a seat next to me.
I looked at my Samsung Galaxy and it occurred to me that it was getting time
to move my ass to the right platform.

When I arrived exactly one minute too early, I found out that my train had
nine minutes delay. Of course… I decided to put on my old school MP3 player to
kill time a little more. Thankfully I was wearing thick clothes. I saw how
others were shivering from the cold autumn weather. My train arrived at
exactly eight minutes too late.

Groningen is for NS trains the end station. Which meant there was enough space
for anyone who got in the train from here. I picked a four-seat since you have
more space to move. The disadvantage of such seats is that you may have to
share it with at most three people you don’t know. And believe me, there’s a
huge difference between a decent person and your average commuter.

I was listening to a song called Bullet and sung by Robbie Williams. The track
is on his latest album Under the Radar Volume 1. While I was adjusting myself
to the stiff seats and the train was almost about to leave, I heard footsteps
stopping just next to me. Like I said earlier, I didn’t like the fact that
three other people would sit in such a close range of me. I always hope that
it won’t become too crowded when I travel via public transport. But, it’s not
the reason why I always sit in the middle instead of next to the window. I
like to be as free as possible, when someone sits next to you and you are
sitting next to the window, you have to excuse yourself in order to leave the
train. Nowadays when everyone is distancing him or herself with their
smartphones, tablets or laptops, it´s just not humane anymore to ask. It´s
more like you bother anyone with asking just a little question. _That´s why
I’m so glad, that I own my own car now._

Unlike the average standard, I don’t turn the volume up too much. When the
person stopped next to me and asked if I would mind that she took a seat in
front of me, I just replied with ´Of course. Why not?’

She seated herself and that was the first time I saw her in my life. ‘You were
sitting on the near side, I thought you wouldn’t like company.’ she said with
her bright blue eyes.

‘I just like to be able to move without asking anyone a few times before they
let me pass.’

‘Few times?’

‘Well of course’, I said. She had half long hair, it was a light shade of
blonde. Almost grey if it weren’t. She must be one of those modern types.
These days it’s like the stranger, the better. ‘The first three times you
really don’t have to say a thing because they can’t hear you, thanks to Dr.
Dre. The next time you ask they interrupt because they tell you they already
understood…’

She began to laugh. ‘Never looked at it that way.’

She wore a black leather jacket and blue jeans. Like ninety percent of all
women, she also wore boots with heels. Brown boots. She also wore glasses it
seemed. Not now, but I could see marks left behind by glasses.

‘Where are you heading?’, I asked interested.

‘I am going home... Have you ever been in Antwerp?’, she asked.

‘Not that I remember. What were you doing up north?’

‘I study philosophy at the Rijksuniversity. You?’

‘No, not the same. I mean, I do study, but not at university level. Guess I’m
not cut out for that.’

‘You don’t know if you don’t try.’

‘That sounds like an excuse.’

‘No, what you said sounds like an excuse’, she said.

She had me there.

‘But where are you coming from?’, she asked me.

‘You would never guess’, I said with a smile. ‘A village called Harkema.’

‘Indeed, never heard of it. Should I?’, she asked interested.

‘I could show you something a lot more beautiful.’

‘Are you flirting with me…’, she was trying to get to know my name.

‘Excuse me for being rude. Where are my manners? I’m Marc. Pleased to meet
you.’

‘Well Marc, I am Alexandra, but you may call me Alex.’

**Next installment: Someplace Else**

