### A Witch's Hunt: Chap. 4 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-10-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Jonathan turned on the movie, and as Melody was watching intently, he watched Brandi’s face. She lit up whenever Melody said something, and he liked the way her eyes crinkled at the edges when she smiled. Whenever Brandi caught him staring at her, she blushed and looked away, distracting herself with whispering something funny to Melody. 

* * *

**Please send feedback if you'd like me to continue this story!**

“Charlotte, what’s wrong?” Brandi shut the door behind her and hugged her best
friend.

“Jackson called me today.”

“What did he say?”

“He said I’m a bitch and that it’s all my fault.”

Brandi felt hatred for Jackson boil up inside her. Jackson cheated on
Charlotte, not the other way around. And now he was blaming her for not
wanting sex enough? It was her fault? Really?

“You know he’s just a lying bastard,” Brandi said. “It’s not your fault.”

“I know,” she responded, “but I just…I can’t seem to get away from him. He
doesn’t leave me alone. He was there yesterday, at the show, and he was
staring at me the whole time. I almost messed up “Popular” because of him, and
that’s my favorite song. How could he do this? Blaming me for everything that
happened? It’s his fault!”

“It is,” Brandi agreed, “and the only reason he can’t leave you alone is
because he wants you to suffer. But you’re doing great without him. You are.”

“Thanks,” mumbled Charlotte. “Could you stay here awhile? In case he comes
around again?”

“Of course. I’ll stay as long as you need me to. Have you gotten the
restraining order approved yet?”

Charlotte shook her head. “The officer said it should be done by tomorrow.”

“That’s good. Want to bake some cookies? To clear your head a bit?”

Charlotte laughed. “Sure, why not? You’re always baking something.”

Shrugging, Brandi replied, “I’ve got nothing better to do.”

A few hours later, Brandi’s phone buzzed. It was from Jonathan.

_Hey :) just text when you’re coming over_

“Do you have to go?” Charlotte asked quietly.

“I don’t have to.”

“It’s okay, you can go. I’m good for now.” She smiled.

“You sure?”

“Yeah. Go ahead. And tell me more about this Jonathan guy later.”

Charlotte winked, making Brandi laugh as she left her best friend’s apartment.

“Miss Brandi is here, Daddy!” Melody called the moment the doorbell rang.

“Come in!” Jonathan yelled from the bedroom.

Brandi stepped through the doorway, covered with flour and smelling like
chocolate chip cookies. Melody ran up to her, hugging her legs, and grinned.

“You smell like cookies,” she giggled.

“Well, I was making cookies a little while ago. Do you want to make some?”

“Yeah! But not oatmeal.” She made a face. “Oatmeal is gross.”

Jonathan came into the living room with a kitchen towel thrown over his
shoulder. “Neither of us likes oatmeal.”

“Good, because I hate it,” Brandi said. “So, Miss Melody, what would you like
to make?”

“Well…” she pondered this for a moment before saying, “We don’t have apple pie
anymore. Can we make that?”

Brandi met Jonathan’s eyes, seeing a fleeting look of softness run across his
face. “Sure, why not? Is that okay with you?”

Jonathan bit his lip, not responding.

Melody looked at him hopefully.

“Melody…” Jonathan looked in pain, so Brandi stepped in.

“I don’t think you’ve got any apples,” Brandi said gently.

Melody pouted.

“I’m really sorry, I thought you guys had some. How about something else? What
else do you like?”

Melody thought hard on this one. “Sugar cake!” she exclaimed, her face
brightening.

Jonathan smiled with relief. “I think we’ve got the ingredients for that.”

The trio made their way to the kitchen, dumping and mixing, flour and sugar
everywhere. As Brandi slid the pan into the oven, Melody jumped up and ran to
the TV.

“Daddy, can we watch _Monster’s Inc. _again?”

“Sure. Brandi?”

“I love that movie,” she agreed, settling onto the couch in between the father
and daughter.

Jonathan turned on the movie, and as Melody was watching intently, he watched
Brandi’s face. She lit up whenever Melody said something, and he liked the way
her green eyes crinkled at the edges when she smiled. Whenever Brandi caught
him staring at her, she blushed and looked away, distracting herself with
whispering something funny to Melody. At one point, Melody fell off the couch,
laughing.

When the cake was done, Brandi leapt off the couch to take it out of the oven.

Melody looked at her father. “Daddy, do you like Miss Brandi?”

“What do you mean, pumpkin?”

“You stare at her a lot,” she giggled. “Do you like her? Are you gonna get
married?”

“Well, I’m not sure. But I think I like her. Do you?”

The six year-old nodded her head vigorously. “She’s awesome!”

Jonathan chuckled at his daughter’s enthusiasm.

“Is she going to be my new Mommy?”

His heart skipped a beat. Where had that come from? Tears threatened to flow.
“I don’t know, pumpkin, I don’t know,” he answered quietly. “I don’t know.”

**If I get enough feedback, I'll continue this story :) I don't intend for this to be the final chapter!**

