### A Witch's Hunt: Chap. 5 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-10-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Jonathan knew he was in love with her, he didn’t want to say it yet. He wasn’t sure how she’d respond, and if she didn’t feel the same, he didn’t think he’d be able to handle it. She was a mother figure for his daughter, and if she just left one day, Melody would be crushed. It was too high a risk. 

* * *

**Get ready for a big plot twist!**

_Two months later_

As Brandi set the pumpkin pie on the rack to cool, Melody ran into the kitchen
and dragged her into the living room where all of Jonathan’s family had
gathered. The turkey was out on the cutting board, waiting to be carved by
Jonathan.

“Everyone! This is Brandi, a good friend of mine.”

Everyone turned to look at Brandi, who was blushing bright red. Melody held
her hand beside her.

One by one, Jonathan’s family came up to greet her and introduce themselves.
They were all so warm and friendly that for a few moments, Brandi actually
felt like a part of the family. But once she’d met everyone, the ugly snake
reared its head, nearly bringing tears to her eyes.

Jonathan scanned the room but Brandi was nowhere in sight. “Melody,” he said,
“have you seen Brandi?”

“She said she’d be right back,” the girl answered before running into the
playroom with her cousin, Samantha.

Frowning, Jonathan walked down the hallway to the bedroom and knocked. When no
one answered, he slowly opened the door. Sitting on the bed was Brandi with
her face in her hands, quiet, muffled sounds escaping her delicate lips.

Jonathan quickly shut the door behind him and sank onto the mattress next to
her. Wrapping his strong arms around her, he held her as she cried into his
shoulder. In all the time he’d known her, Brandi had never even been close to
tears. Of course, he didn’t know if she’d cried when she was alone since she
didn’t live with them. They weren’t officially together despite the fact that
Brandi was with him and Melody almost every day. While Jonathan knew he was in
love with her, he didn’t want to say it yet. He wasn’t sure how she’d respond,
and if she didn’t feel the same, he didn’t think he’d be able to handle it.
She was a mother figure for his daughter, and if she just left one day, Melody
would be crushed. It was too high a risk.

“Brandi, what’s wrong? Tell me,” he said softly.

She said nothing, continuing to cry and tearstain his shirt.

“Brandi, please tell me.”

She leaned back slightly, speaking between heavy breaths and deep sobs. “It’s
fine. I’m over it now, don’t worry about it.”

“You’re clearly not fine. Can you please tell me what’s going on so I can
help?”

Still she shook her head.

“Dammit Brandi, do you not trust me enough to tell me?” he asked, frustrated.

“I forgot,” she whispered.

“Forgot what?” His gaze softened.

“What it’s like.”

He said nothing, waiting patiently for her to continue.

“What it’s like…?”

“To have a family,” she choked out. “My parents both died of cancer when I was
sixteen; I’ve been on my own since then. I don’t have any siblings or cousins
or aunts or uncles or grandparents. It’s just me.”

Jonathan’s heart broke in two. She’d been keeping this in this whole time?
God, she was so strong, and he loved her even more for that. “You’ve got me,”
he told her quietly, “and Melody. You’re our family now, too. Okay? Don’t ever
forget that.”

She smiled and let her head fall on his chest. “But I’m not. I’m not your
wife, and I’m not your girlfriend. I’m a friend, and I haven’t even known you
long enough to be considered a part of the family.”

“Then be my girlfriend,” he said instantly, without thinking. “I love you,
Brandi,” he said to her in a soft voice.

Brandi’s heart exploded with joy. “Do you?”

“Yes, I’ve loved you for quite some time now,” he replied, chuckling. “You
didn’t notice?”

“No,” she giggled. “Not at all.”

“So…?”

“Yes, I’ll be your girlfriend,” said Brandi.

Jonathan leaned down to kiss her just as Melody threw open the door. “Daddy!
Brandi! They’re gonna cut the turkey without you!”

Jonathan grinned and swooped his daughter up into his arms. “Well, we can’t
let them do that, can we?”

Melody shook her head enthusiastically, making Brandi laugh out loud.

Jonathan set her down and she took off back to the playroom where the Wii and
Samantha awaited her. Taking Brandi’s hand, the two of them walked to the
kitchen to cut the turkey.

“Who is it?” Brandi called in response to the knock on the door.

“It’s Charlotte.”

Brandi jumped up and threw open the door. It was Charlotte’s birthday tomorrow
but they’d planned to go out today because they had a show that day. “Hey
birthday girl!”

Charlotte rushed inside and shut the door, locking it behind her. “He’s here.
In New York. He found you somehow. I saw him at the theater when I was walking
by.”

“What?”

“He’s here! You need to leave right now! Go get your luggage. I’ll help you
pack. I booked you a flight to San Francisco that leaves in two hours. Come
on, let’s go! Go go go!”

Startled by this sudden news, Brandi ran to her room and snatched the black,
code-locked luggage from the back of her closet and typed in _6709_. The case
popped open as the two best friends began shoving clothes and valuables into
it. As Charlotte was looking for Brandi’s favorite jade necklace her mother
had given her for her sixth birthday, Brandi rummaged through the bathroom
medicine cabinet. Behind a secret panel lay a safe with the same code as the
luggage. Inside was, to Brandi’s relief, a red velvet drawstring pouch. She
grabbed it and stuffed it in her pocket just as Charlotte walked into the
bathroom.

“Got everything?”

Brandi nodded, locking the suitcase and running out the door behind Charlotte.

“Daddy, when is Brandi gonna get here?”

Jonathan dropped the phone onto the couch after being sent to voicemail for
the tenth time. “I don’t know if she’s coming, pumpkin, she’s not answering
her phone. Maybe she’s busy and forgot.”

“But she never forgets,” Melody pouted. “We were gonna make pumpkin muffins
today.”

“I’m sorry Melody. Maybe we could watch _Despicable Me_ while we wait for
her?”

Melody nodded solemnly and plopped onto the big armchair, curling up with her
_Wicked_ logo blanket.

Jonathan took a deep breath. _She’s probably busy. She just forgot. She’ll be
here tomorrow. You’ll see her at the show tomorrow night. No worries._

The next night, as Jonathan approached the theater with Melody, Charlotte
approached them, clearly distressed. “Have you seen Brandi anywhere? She was
supposed to be here an hour ago.”

Jonathan’s heart skipped a beat. “I haven’t seen her since Thursday.”

“What?”

“I thought she’d be with you. Weren’t you supposed to go out yesterday for
your birthday?”

“She never showed, so I assumed she was with you and Melody.” Charlotte
glanced at Melody, the little girl she’d come to love as a niece, since Brandi
was practically her mother, and felt guilt stab at her heart._ It’s safer that
they don’t know. It’s what Brandi would want._

“She’s just disappeared?” Jonathan panicked, gripping his daughter’s hand
tightly. _Brandi, where are you? Come on! This isn’t funny, _he thought.

Brandi checked her phone and saw twenty missed calls from Jonathan, as well as
three from Charlotte.

She called Charlotte’s disposable cellphone around 10pm New York time, knowing
the show would be done by then.

“Are you in the hotel?” Charlotte asked immediately.

“Yeah, I’m here. Did Jonathan believe you?”

Charlotte sighed. “Yes, he did. Are you sure you don’t want me to tell him?
He’s planning to call the police tomorrow, Brandi.”

“Make sure he doesn’t. I’ll be back after I know it’s safe. I’ve contacted
some of my friends at the Bureau, and they’re looking for him right now. Tell
him I’ve gone to visit my parents’ graves in Cleveland, but that I didn’t give
you any details. I don’t want him worrying. Say I didn’t tell anyone about it
because I didn’t want any pity parties, okay? Please?”

“Absolutely. Stay safe. Let me know when you’re coming back.”

After Charlotte hung up, Brandi flopped onto the king-size bed with maroon
silk sheets. _Please forgive me,_ she thought desperately. _Please forgive
me._

**Please send feedback if you want this story to continue!**

