### Claiming Her Chap. 7 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2015-10-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Months had passed since Orlando took Desiree. Striker, Jimmy, Albert and
Detective Marry had not slept since that day. There wasn't much Striker or
Albert could do but Jimmy and Marry worked their asses off trying to track
Orlando.

Striker was destroyed inside out. The only girl he ever loved had been taken
from him, yanked out of his hold. He felt guilty for ever allowing that piece
of shit Orlando into his home, for putting the love of his life in danger.

The other men tried consoling him, telling him over and over again that none
of this was his fault but he couldn't help feeling the guilt. He allowed it to
eat him alive.

Desiree had no idea where she was, all she knew was that it's been a long time
since Orlando, her supposed friend, kidnapped her from Striker's home. She was
stuck in a tiny room that resembled much of a closet, except the cleaning
supplies. There was just a tiny bed and another door that led to an even
tinier bathroom.

And she was pregnant. Her belly had been growing and she tried her best to
hide it from Orlando who checked in on her daily, bringing her jail food. She
had begged him to let her leave but he just shook his head and left her alone.

All she could do when she was alone was talk to her baby, tell it about his or
her father and what an amazing guy he was. Desiree knew better than to think
that Striker didn't want her. She could bet her ass that he was searching for
her. And she wished she could help him by giving him a clue but she couldn't.
She had no way of telling him anything.

"Today's your lucky day," Orlando entered the room and smiled at her. He felt
bad for her so he begged the boss to let him take her out for some fresh air.
Permission was granted. "We're going out. You get to receive some fresh air
and get some sun. No funny business though or I'll be forced to hurt you and I
don't want to hurt you Desiree." She nodded and he reached for her hand. "Come
on, let's go then. Just for an hour."

An hour, it should be enough to contact Striker or Jimmy and tell them
something, anything! Shit, even how a fucking tree look, it could be helpful.

Orlando led her through hallways until they walked out of a single floored
builing that looked like a prison. She looked around for any signs, street
names and saw the numbers, 31st and Burb.

"We'll go to the fair, it's just a few blocks down, we can find something to
eat and buy you some clothes," he said. What he really wanted to do was let
her walk away but that was his head on the line and he didn't want to die
antime soon. Plus, the pay was amazing.

They rode in silence, mostly because she was busy focusing on her
surroundings. When they arrived at the fair, she could see tons of people, had
to be a least a few thousand people here and she smiled softly. She could use
that to her advantage.

"I'm getting tired of hearing about this fucking fair!" Striker snapped and
threw the remote control at the flat screen TV, the screen cracking. Albert
said nothing, afraid that the guy would attack him if he even breathed.

"Don't take it out on the TV now," Jimmy shook his head as he walked from his
bedroom down to the office, having to pass by the living room. "You're scaring
poor Alby."

"Don't call me that," Albert looked up. They all had bags under their eyes,
practically looking like zombies, but neither were exhausted, all they wanted
was to find Desiree.

"My TV, I can break it," Striker stood up and walked to the windows and then
sighed, walking to the kitchen afterwards.

"You must be shitting money then," Albert mumbled. Striker didn't hear him as
he drank out of a beer, closing his eyes, remembering the kisses Desiree gave
him, her tiny soft warm hands all over his body. His cell phone rang and he
ignored it. He didn't want to talk to anybody.

"I have to use the bathroom," Desiree spoke for the first time. Orlando nodded
and looked around for the bathrooms. He led her to the tiny building for the
ladies' room and told her he'd wait for her out by the door. She nodded and
entered. The second the door closed, she put her hands on her belly and heard
the toilet flushed.

"Excuse me?" she said to the older lady who got out the stall and walked to
the sinks.

"Yes?" the lady smiled at the younger one.

"Could I use your cell phone? Please?" Desiree pleaded. She smiled when the
lady nodded and took out a flip phone. Well, this lady needed an upgrade, she
thought as she dialed Striker's number. He didn't pick up.

Tears rushed to her eyes as she tried again. He didn't pick up again.
Thinking, she dialed Jimmy's number and cried when he answered.

"Jimmy!" Desiree rushed out. The older lady watched, confusion written all
over her face as she watched Desiree crying.

"Desiree?" Jimmy breathed out. "Where are you? Are you hurt?"

"I'm at the fair Jimmy, please come get me! I've been calling Striker but he
isn't picking up. Orlando is here with me," Desiree said, looking behind her
in case Orlando was there.

"Fair, fuck, ok, STRIKER!" Jimmy ran out the office and bumped into his
cousin. Striker raised an eyerow at him. "Desiree is on the phone, she's been
calling you idiot." Striker dropped the beer and reached for the phone.

"Baby?" he closed his eyes, feeling like he could breathe again. "Are you ok
baby?"

"I'm fine, I just want to go back home," she whimpered, closing her eyes. "I'm
preg-," she shut up when Orlando knocked on the door and poked his head in.

"What are you doing on the phone?" he raised an eyebrow, glaring at her.

"Oh, this lady wanted me to call her daughter who's around here but she lost
her," Desiree looked back at the lady, mouthing the words, "Please play
along." The lady looked back at the guy at the door and nodded.

"Yes, sorry, I can't find my daughter, and this young lady was sweet enough to
call her for me," she smiled and took her phone from Desiree before patting
her cheek. "This is the ladies' room, young man." Orlando blushed and nodded,
stepping back out, closing the door.

"Oh, thank you," Desiree hugged the lady. "Thank you so much."

"Are you in danger?" the lady asked her. Desiree could only nod as she brushed
the tears from her face. "And the guy you called?"

"My boyfriend," Desiree answered. "I'm pregnant..and I've been kidnapped."

"Oh dear Lord," the lady gasped and put her hand on Desiree's belly. "What can
we do to keep you safe until he comes?" Desiree shrugged.

"I guess you can pretend to be lost and can't be alone so I'll tell him we
have to keep you company till your daughter," Desiree thought quick.

"But it'll be your boyfriend coming," the old lady smiled and nodded. "I'm
Agnes."

"Desiree," they shook hands and made a deal.

"Orlando?" Desiree looked at Orlando who leaned against the wall casaully. "We
have to keep Mrs. Agnes here until her daughter finds her, she is on the other
side of the fair."

"Oh, alright, let's go find something to eat Mrs. Agnes," Orlando smiled and
helped the old lady walk as Desiree called Striker once more.

"Hello?" he answered on the first ring.

"It's me again, I'm with my friend and we have your mother, we're going to
take her eating," Desiree tapped Orlando's shoulder. "Where are we taking Mrs.
Agnes to eat Orlando?" He thought for a second.

"Shack Shack," he smiled as he turned back to continue to the older lady.

"We're going to be eating at Shack Shack," she said, knowing Striker would get
her coded messages.

"Baby, we're twenty minutes away, keep him distracted, please and stay safe,"
Striker said as Jimmy drove. Behind him there were a few cruisers, Detective
Marry driving one.

"We'll keep her safe, don't worry, and please hurry, she's getting anxious,"
Desiree said before hanging up.

Striker was coming...Striker was coming for her!

