### Claiming Her Chap. 8 by Juls Stahh

**Date Added:** 2015-10-30. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Striker was about to start running the minute they entered the premises. All
he wanted was to find Desiree and take her back home.

"Relax, we have to approach calmly," Jimmy put a hand on his cousin's
shoulder. Nothing could go wrong or Orlando would be able to escape with
Desiree again. Albert was restless as well though. He wanted to see his
sister.

There were undercover cops with them too, walking like a normal group of guys
would.

Shack Shack! They saw the sign and knew Desiree would be seated there.

Desiree was laughing with Agnes as she joked about her grandkids. Orlando kept
asking about her daughter and where she was at. He needed to get Desiree back
before someone was sent to look for them.

Crystal blue eyes met big brown ones and the word slowed down. Striker finally
saw Desiree after so many months. He immideately knew something was different
about her but he didn't care.

"There," he said to Marry. The cops around them kept order as they made their
way to the table. Desiree began to panic, not knowing that they were the good
guys. Orlando looked around at the men rounding up their table and smiled.

"Relax boys, I'll be taking her back soon, just waiting for Mrs. Agnes'
daughter to come and get her," Orlando waved them down but the cops laughed
and one put a hand on his shoulder.

"You are under arrest," he said. Orlando's eyes widened and he looked over at
Desiree who smiled softly. Then Orlando looked at Mrs. Agnes who smirked.

"Desiree," Striker bent down beside her chair and pulled her down onto his
lap, hugging her tightly. Desiree wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed
his lips. It was like their own personal July 4th. Fireworks, tingles,
everything as they kissed. "Oh baby," he whispered against her lips.

"I'm pregnant," she blurt out as she cried on his lap. Striker pulled back and
looked at her fully. His hand slide up her hip to her belly and he felt the
hardness of it. "I have no idea how far along I am but I'm pregnant Striker."

He smiled as he cried along with her. Behind her, she felt a hand touching her
shoulder. "Baby sis," Albert helped her rise so he could hug her as Striker
continued to look in shock on one knee.

"Albert!" she cried into his chest. He held her tightly while Jimmy helped his
cousin up and mumbled something like, "looking like a fool on one knee, bout
to propose or what?" Striker shook his head and looked at Agnes who stood up.

"Thank you," Striker smiled.

"Mrs. Agnes," Desiree turned to the older lady. "How can I ever repay you?"

"An invitation to your wedding," she cheesed and hugged Desiree. "You young
man, all of you, take care of this one, she's carrying a baby and needs all
the love and support she can get."

"What?" Albert looked at Desiree. "You're pregnant?" Desiree nodded as she
felt arms wrap around her from behind. She looked up to find Jimmy.

"Hi little one," he kissed her head. "Good to see you again." Desiree turned
in his embrace and hugged him tight.

"Thank you for answering," she rested her head against his chest.

"No problem, this idiot was too depressed to answer but I knew it was you,"
Jimmy lied with a smirk. Everybody rolled their eyes at him.

"Come here baby," Striker pulled her back into his arms, one arm around her
and his other hand resting on her belly. "We need to get you home so you can
rest." Desiree smiled and nodded.

"One more kiss?" she blushed. Striker said nothing as he lowered his head and
kissed her lips softly.

"I love you," he whispered against her lips.

"I love you too," she whispered back. "Let's go home Striker."

"Your wish is my command baby."

