### Him and I pt.1 by NyanFrosting

**Date Added:** 2015-11-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** and he kissed me. He caught me by surprise, raising my heart beat. 

* * *

** **

I was standing at my locker, taking out my history book and notepad, when
suddenly, I feel something in my neck. A crumpled up paper had been thrown by
Morgan, my casual bully. I usually ignored it cause I didn't really care, but
today I felt a little cocky.

''Ah, Morgan my sunshine'' i said, giving him and his gang a smirk. ''What
paper did you throw? A failed test? A restraining order?'' And Morgan was
quiet. Thinking of a new comeback probably. The bell rang and his gang left,
but he stayed and walked up to me. Standing so close I couldn't help but
notice his face. He was a very attractive guy, with shining green eyes and
shimmering black hair. I could spot a few freckles in his pale face,with a
strong face structure.

''Hey faggot, listen up'' he said, pushing me up the locker. ''Just cause I
cant beat your ass up here it doesn't mean that you're safe. Stop feeling so
comfortable.'' There was suddenly a tension between us that couldn't be cut
with a knife. The hall was empty and I looked intensly in his eyes.

''I wil-l.''. His eyes didn't look away for a second. ''And by the way, why do
you keep calling me faggot? That's the only bad word you use one me.''

''What's your point, faggot?''

''Well, just that when you insult people you usually refer to them as
something you hate about yourself. No assumptions, but maybe that means that
you are... you know.'' His face filled with rage

''Cause you dont really have a reason to bully me. Maybe you just picked
someone and took out your rage on that person, me. Maybe you just wont realise
that you're really not mad at me, maybe you're just mad at yourse-''

''Shut up! Shut up, f-fa-g'' I could see tears appearing. I think I just broke
him. It was quiet. Everyone was in their classrooms and not a sound was to be
heard. You just couldn't dodge his stare. He didn't look away for a second. A
single tear ran down his cheek, and I suddenly felt bad for him. I _obviously_
touched on a sensitive subject.

''I-im sorry. I didn't mean to I-i jus-'' and he kissed me. He caught me by
surprise, raising my heart beat. But I caught on to it fast and these few
seconds of passion made adrenaline rush through my entire body. Everything
went black and My heart was pumping, blood flowing fast. But then it was over.
Breathing heavily, i tried to process what just happened.

''If you tell this to anyone... You tell this a single living soul I swear to
god Colin, you are a dead man. Promise?''He kept his intense stare, I could
feel his breath in my face.

''I promise.'' He ran away, leaving me alone in the hallway.

