### Richard is a nice man by JamesRTickit

**Date Added:** 2015-11-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Warning, this is pure romance, fit for Mills and Boon 

* * *

Richard was a nice boy, then a nice lad now he is a nice man. Being nice means
not standing out from the crowd. At school he was one of the best scholars,
but not exceptional. He played on the first team football and cricket but was
a team player not a match winner. He sailed through exams and was encouraged
to go to University, but he chose not to. One of Richard's problems was that
he didn't enjoy stepping outside the rules, so he didn't find going to the pub
and drinking too much funny. Pranks just passed him by. Being bad at school
never entered his mind. He was excellent at something that he would not tell
his friends, he kept it a secret for nearly twenty years. He had friends, but
never a best friend, he got invited to birthday parties at school but got
forgotten when everyone left.

Instead of University, Richard got a modern apprenticeship in computing and he
found his forte. Sailed through his exams, exemplary worker and polite,
committed and helpful.

Aged 21 he completed the apprenticeship and was promoted by his company. He
was already a valued member of staff and after only three years he was the
second longest serving member of their department. He was later promoted to
deputy manager.

Everyone in the company management and Richard himself knew that he could earn
three times his income if he went to work in London, but Richard wasn't
fussed, he didn't need the money, he happily lived at home with his parents,
so why cause yourself upheaval?

Richard was not good looking or stand out bad looking, he was average looking.
He was average height, average weight and having continued to do gym work was
a fit and healthy specimen.

In an act of rebellion he decided that people should call him Rich. It was
fairly easy because most of the staff came and went so the only one who had
known him as Richard was his boss.

Josie had run the department for ever, she had started when the company first
took a big interest in computerisation and had been there ever since, apart
from maternity leave when daughter Stacy came along. She had ups and downs,
her husband walked out just after her 40th birthday. She was still technically
married but that was it. One thing that did give her thought was that Richard,
no sorry, Rich's parents had been at school with her.It made her feel very old
to know that her deputy was two years older than her daughter. She didn't
dwell on it too much, but occasionally.............

The dreaded office Christmas party loomed, even though it was lovely October
weather. It had to be booked months in advance. Josie hated them, Rich hated
them, but they had to arrange it and go. They sat down to talk it through.
"Rich, I hate Christmas parties, you are young why don't you sort it out?"
"Josie I hate any party, you are much more outgoing than me, why don't you
arrange it?" Stalemate. "OK Rich, we will go where we went last year, hardly
any staff were here then so it will be exciting and new for most of them".
Rich's face was a picture. "Exciting, new, what?" Now Josie laughed. "Rich I
am supposed to be the middle aged "past it" here, not you" Rich shrugged and
Josie for some reason decided to delve. "So, what is your idea of a good
party?" "One that doesn't happen!" Now Josie looked puzzled.

"Rich, you are twenty three years old, you are single, on your salary you
should have plenty of money, do you not go out much?" Rich looked a bit
sheepish. "I don't go out at all, just to the gym and practice" Then he
realised he had given a secret away. Josie asked "What practice?" "I play the
organ in church on Sundays" Josie didn't see anything right or wrong with that
but she was not 23 years old. It dawned. "And that is not cool and so you
never say anything to anyone". Rich looked at her, weighing up his trust
issues with other humans. " I don't really talk to anyone outside of work,
home,. the gym and church". Josie and Rich had worked together for five years
and this was the first time they had strayed into anything personal. "So are
you deeply religious?" "Not really, my piano teacher used to do it but she
moved to another church and she asked me to switch over to playing the organ."
"Hang on, so you play the piano and the church organ and you have never said a
word about it. Why not?" "I didn't think anyone would be interested, and it's
not like I am in a band or anything". Josie was genuinely interested, she had
no musical skills but liked music, secretly she danced round her house more
than walked.

"How do I get to hear you play?" "Come to church I suppose". Josie had not
been to church more than twenty times in her life, she even got married in a
register office. She had an idea "Do you play at weddings?" Rich did. "When is
the next one? Saturday afternoon. "I will come to that and listen to you".
Rich now got very brave. "Come a bit early and I will show you round and you
can sit next to me during the service". Wow, Rich had communicated on a
personal level with another human being. Shock, horror!

Josie got nervous. She could not work out why going to a wedding and watching
Rich would be such an issue. She had changed outfits four times, going from
posh to casual and back again. She settled on what she thought she would wear
if she had been invited as a wedding guest and hoped she got it right. She
did. The women at the wedding ranged from the OTT mother of the bride, to the
brides girlfriends who looked like they had dressed for the evening reception,
to the teenage cousins who had yet to learn what suited them best. Rich played
and Josie watched and was amazed at his talent. It all sounded right so that
was her benchmark. The wedding was good, bride and groom looked to be in love
and it all passed off without incident. She had seen the guests arriving and
wasn't sure that the good behaviour would last until midnight, but not her
problem. Time for photos outside, so the church got quieter, the vicar came to
thank Rich and say hello to the unknown lady. The vicar made Rich blush when
he asked Josie if she and Rich had been going out for long, he had assumed!.
Josie was secretly delighted to be mistaken for Rich's girlfriend it gave her
a boost to her ego. Then she stopped and thought. Maybe this was why she had
been so nervous this morning. Age gap, not possible. She repeated that phrase
a few times to persuade herself she had been silly. Organ shut down and
switched off, time to leave. They got to the front door and both started
speaking at the same time. The upshot was a drive to a country pub and a seat
in the garden. Josie had driven to church but Rich had walked, so Josie became
designated driver. A bit pointless (and pintless) as Rich only had one shandy.

Gradually they managed to talk to each other without it being stilted, and the
visit extended to more orange juice and pub food lunch/tea/supper kind of
thing. Once they stopped talking about work, they relaxed and began to find
out about each other. Rich was shocked to find out not only had Josie gone to
school with his parents, her daughter had been two years behind him through
secondary school.Time to go home.

Josie dropped Rich off outside his house. "Thank you Rich I have enjoyed my
afternoon, your playing is fabulous." Rich then startled Josie and himself.
"How about we do it again?" They looked at each other in shock. "Richard, have
you just asked me out on a date?" "Yes, Josephine, I have". "Blimey and I
didn't know you even knew my proper name!" They started at each other. Josie
took the plunge." I assume you will be at church tomorrow morning, how about
coming to me for lunch?" Rich agreed. He then had to get out of the car. No
social skills. Stuck. Josie intervened and kissed him. More blushing.

Josie hardly sleep that night, some part of her had woken from a very deep
long hibernation. She had to work out how she saw Rich and her. Problems with
work and ages and she knew his parents and probably her daughter knew him and
it was very confusing. Half way through the night she shocked herself by
realising she was a cougar. The thought brought her to fits of giggles.
Preposterous. Her attacking young men for sex. More shock, sex. She hasn't
really even been on a date and she is thinking of sex. Oh my goodness. Sex for
her ended years again when her husband left. She occasionally masturbated and
rarely watched porn on her computer but now it had reared its ugly head. At
three am this was all way too much.

Josie's heart stopped at 9 am the next morning. Her mobile was ringing and the
recognition thing said it was Rich. He had come to his senses and was going to
cancel.

Heart in mouth she answered. Rich was his usual confused self. Eventually he
explained that he did not know where she lived. Josie didn't know whether to
laugh or cry. She was ridiculous. She gave Rich the address. She was on
tenterhooks, she almost got the brandy out because she was sure that's what
you did for shock. Those beautiful St Bernard dogs. Anyway her heart rate came
down from 500 to near normal.

Then she scolded herself for being a stupid woman, before going to her
underwear draw seeking out her best bra and pants, and then scolding herself
again for doing so. She was a complete bag of nerves by 11 am.

Just after 12 Rich drove up to her house. He stopped, got out and retrieved a
big black case for the boot.Josie had been lurking behind the door and didn't
wait for him to knock. As he was half way through the door she stopped him and
gave him a kiss, nothing passionate but enough to halt his progress. "I have
brought my organ with me". Josie had such a release that she burst into
hysterics, she was crying with laughter. All those lewd thoughts during the
night had come back to haunt her. Rich simply stood and looked clueless.

"I am sorry Rich, but that just struck me. Come in and sit down, have a cup of
coffee". Rich sat down, he was totally lost why an organ would cause so much
laughter, and then light peeped through. "Josie I am sorry I didn't mean....."
"I know,I am sorry but my mind was far away and it chose to misunderstand"

They sorted themselves out and calmed down over coffee. "Would you play me
some music while I get lunch ready please?" Rich was happy to do so, "What
sort of things do you like?" "Umm, romantic songs and slow dances". Rich set
up and started playing, he was nervous at first and stuck to the tunes he
normally used for practice. Then he sat up a bit straighter and started
playing. Josie snapped to attention, she stared at him and melted. He was
playing Adele "Someone like You". Lunch forgotten she stood mesmorised. He
played it perfectly. She asked him to play it again straight through. She was
transported. She never moved a muscle. The song came to an end.

Rich looked up. Josie was standing stock still crying her eyes out. He was
horrified and went to her thinking she was upset. He took hold of her and
brought her into his body and wrapped his arms round her. They stood for ages
tightly bound together. Eventually Josie regain some composure. "Rich, that
was beautiful. I have watched the video on YouTube of her singing it and it is
guaranteed to make me cry. Thank you so much" And she kissed him, and kept
kissing. Rich responded to her.

They stopped when the microwave pinged.

