### Him and I pt.1 Morgans Perspective by NyanFrosting

**Date Added:** 2015-11-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** So this is basically the same story but from Morgans perspective :) Please leave your feedback! And i am continuing the story just wanted to try this out :) 

* * *

He was just standing there, picking things out of his locker. I think it might
be a history book, not sure what class we have next. The loser doesn't really
have friends, that faggot. He needs to know that he can't just stand there
with his short, curly brown hair, and bright blue eyes. I crumpled up the
failed english test and threw it, hitting his neck. My friends laughed. When
me or my friends do something like this Colin usually just leaves, but today
was different.

''Ah, Morgan, my sunshine'' he said, giving me a smirk, squinted with his
shining blue eyes. Why does he have to make a fool out of me?

''What paper did you throw? A failed test? A restraining order?'' I didn't
know what to say. He is really a pain in my fucking ass! Can't he mind his own
business? What should I say to make him realise how stupid he is? With his
grey knitted sweater, black skinny jeans, pale skin, high cheekbones...
Suddenly the bell rang and almost everyone left, except Colin, of course.
Still waiting for me to answer his stupid question, which was obviously
rhetorical. I've had it with this cockiness. I walked up to him, pushing him
against his locker.

''Hey faggot, listen up'' His breath was heavier, I could feel it on my face.
Minty.

''Just cause I cant beat your ass up here it doesn't mean that you're safe.
Stop feeling so comfortable.''

I just couldn't stop staring into the losers eyes. The staring gave us a
certain... Tension. He stared back into my eyes, the tension became stronger.

''I-i wil-l.'' I kept staring into his eyes, trying to make him scared, but he
didn't look away for a second either. Dipshit.

''And by the way, why do you keep calling me faggot? That's the only bad word
you use one me.'' What is it with Colin today? Cocky bitch is what he is.
Where does he even want to get with that question?

''What's your point, faggot?''

''Well, just that when you insult people you usually refer to them as
something you hate about yourself. No assumptions, but maybe that means that
you are... you know.'' How did he assume that from one word? I mean it might
be... True... but that doesn't mean he has any rights to just... Look so damn
attractive. With his blue eyes and... No! He can't do this, I-im not... or
maybe.. I just... I couldn't be... It's... His lips are pink. He's currently
biting them, tense for what i might say.. I'm not...

''Cause you dont really have a reason to bully me. Maybe you just picked
someone and took out your rage on that person, me. Maybe you just wont realise
that you're really not mad at me, maybe you're just mad at yourse-''

''Shut up! Shut up, f-fa-g'' This little idiot, thinks he can just... Jesus
christ now there's tears in my eyes. I can't let myself be manipulated by a
little dipshit. A tear is running down. Fucking great. He knows that he
fucking broke me. Pushed all the right buttons, all my sensitive spots... Or
my one sensitive subject. That. That I might be... But god why is the only
thing I can think about is kissing him right now. I just can't stop staring at
his eyes, drowning in them, not looking away for even a split second. But his
face broke down. His tense look started to be more sad-looking. Does he feel
bad for me? Does he look down at me, does he think i'm weak? But inspite being
filled with rage I just, I just feel like...

'I-im sorry. I didn't mean to I-i jus-'' He started his sentence but then I
did it. Let my guard down. Kissed him. I could feel how he just caught on to
it, we were so close that I could feel his heartbeat raising, and he could
probably feel mine too. Everything just went black for a few seconds, and
those few seconds were better than my entire life. But I just had to stop it.
It was wrong. I mean, it was me and Colin for christs sake. And it's... Wrong.
But so right. And it's normal, right? It's just my dad that's the problem. Oh
god, if dad found out about this. It's just... God i wish I didn't stop that
kiss. but I had too. But I just want to do it. I still have him pushed up
against the locker, so I could probably just... Do it again. No. Yes. No. I
think Colin wouldn't mind. He is staring at me, just as much in shock as me.
Oh my god what if he tells anyone? But who would he tell? I-i just need to
make sure he doesn't.

''If you tell this to anyone... You tell this a single living soul I swear to
god Colin, you are a dead man. Promise?'' I was breathing heavily, still
staring intensly, I, I just couldn't stop.

''I promise.'' I feel like I can trust him, for some stupid reason. I let him
down and ran away. I just couldn't stay, or else I might have... Continued. Oh
god I wanted to continue. But.. I can't.

What the fuck have I done?

