### Him and I pt.2 by NyanFrosting

**Date Added:** 2015-11-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Leave feedback to say if you like this two-perspective thing :) It's really fun to write here :) 

* * *

I made it to my class despite the... Distraction. I don't really know what to
think about it. I don't know what to think about him. I mean it's Morgan
Waters for Christs sake! The 6'1 tall, black-haired, green-eyed guy that has
been bullying me since middle school. And I am the 5'8 tall brownhaired guy
that Morgan's been flushing toilet water on. But... That kiss. Passionate,
quick, quiet. And he started it. It has to mean something, it has to be for a
reason. I need to talk to him after class. I need to find him.

I started to look where he usually is. Behind the school, smoking. No Morgan
there. I need to go to his house. His dad will probably sit ouside, with his
rifle. The maniac. I feel bad for Morgan. Maybe that's why he isn't out of the
closet. I could easily imagine him being the biggest homophobe on earth.

*

I went straight home after the... Incident. I have no idea what to think. I
mean it's Colin Morse for fucks sake! What have done? I'm such an idiot. I
don't do this stuff. I flush his head down toilets, not his mouth in mine. Oh
god, I want his mouth in mine. No. It's wrong, especially with him. It's weak.

I was busy drinking beer, smoking my cigarettes, alone, in my house. But then
it knocked on the door.

''What the fuck do _you _want Colin?''

''I just felt like we needed to talk about, it..'' But what is there to talk
about? It happened and will never, ever happen again. No matter how much I
want to. Shit. I walked up to him, looked down. He's pretty short, so I could
smell his hair. Newly washed, smelled like shampoo. No, stop it Morgan.

''There. Is. Nothing to talk about. It didn't happen, Colin. Get the fuck out
of my yard.''

''But it did happen and you know it. You started it.''

''Well yeah, but I also finished it. For a fucking reason. You can't just come
here and.. Be like.. You can't just..'' I didn't know what to say. It just
replays in my head. Passionate, quick, quiet. Amazing. But horrible.

''Okay so you think this is the best time to have nothing to say? For most of
my fucking life you've been torturing me, almost making me _believe_ that my
real name was faggot. Hitting me so many times I can't count. I. Have. Scars
Morgan. But then, this happens and you just stand there speechless? What's
wrong with you, Morgan? Dipshit.''

''Fuck off, Colin''

''I already am.''

And he left. big steps for a short guy. I felt bad, I didn't want him to think
of me like that. I can't blame him, i've been a dick to him since like middle
school. But he can't just say that and then leave! Jesus now i'm the one who
wants to talk. I guess i'm the fag. But all I want is just to... Get back to
that moment, that kiss. Go back to that kiss and...

*

Fucking asshole is what he is. I left his shithole as soon as I could, walking
as fast as my short legs could bare. Just as you start to think differently
about someone, and especially him. I guess i'm to blame. I thought that a guy
who has been bullying me for years, would actually.... Nevermind. But it still
replays in my mind. Those few seconds. I just want to get back there. Go back
to that kiss and...

Never stop.

_Tbc..._

