### Richard is Nice - Twice by JamesRTickit

**Date Added:** 2015-11-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Rich and Josie had lunch together, talked chatted and kissed some more.
Neither of them had the bravado to take it further. Work, age difference and
lack of experience held them both back. They had a fantastic afternoon
together and the time flew by. By the time Rich left to go home they both knew
they had a connection, they did not know how big or how to move it forward.
Truthfully they were both frightened of ruining it.

A week of work came and went. They made no attempt to hide their new level of
intimacy but they were both reluctant to be on display so by choice they were
discrete. They knew they would spend time together at the weekend and so they
did. Saturday they went out shopping together but really only bought coffee
and lunch, Sunday was a repeat of the previous week . This continued for a
number of weeks. They were bound together but as yet it was not physical. Rich
wasn't sure how, Josie was frightened and they danced on eggshells.

Monday at work, Josie told Rich that Stacy would be home this weekend. They
were now both on tenterhooks and had long discussions. Should Rich stay away,
but Stacy would be here for six weeks, should they just meet elsewhere but
that would leave Stacy on her own which was rude. Josie wanted Stacy to know
about he relationship with Rich. It had made her beyond happy and she wanted
to share. It was agreed Josie would spend Saturday with Stacy and Rich would
come around Sunday as normal.

Stacy got home late Friday and by the time she had unpacked and they had
eaten, it was getting quite late. "Stacy, I have something fabulous to tell
you. I am dating." Stacy looked bemused. "Mum you have never shown any
inclination before. This is wonderful news. Who is he?" "Rich, from work".
Stacy sat puzzled. She didn't know the people at work other than comments from
her mum. The penny dropped. Her face took on a shocked expression. "You don't
meant Richard do you, who was at school before me?"

Josie smiled tentatively "Yes, Richard is now known as Rich". Stacy's face
went from shock to fury. She burst into tears "How could you" she screamed at
Josie and ran out of the room crying her eyes out.

Josie stood still, absolutely stunned. What had just happened? She was
clueless. She sat down and just thought and tried to make sense of this. After
two hours it came down to Rich being Stacy's age and therefore inappropriate.
Stacy was locked in her room, so Josie couldn't ask her if that was it. In the
end Josie simply went to bed and tossed and turned the whole night through.
Josie went to sleep eventually through exhaustion and woke up when it was
nearly 10 am. The house was as normal, totally silent. This was wrong as there
was another person here who should be making noise. Josie quickly got up and
went downstairs. She passed Stacy's room but the door was closed. Downstairs
there was a note. "Gone out". Josie was stumped. Did she phone Stacy's mobile?
Did she wait patiently for Stacy to come home? Stacy had not said. Josie
didn't want to phone Rich because that would set him off and it had taken them
a long time to get this far. She couldn't eat, no appetite, So she started
cleaning. From the front door downstairs to the toilet upstairs. Everywhere
except Stacy's bedroom.

It was now lunchtime and still no Stacy. Josie made some lunch, she could not
have told anyone what was on her plate. She might have eaten some of it but
she was not aware. Three hours sat at the table, completely gone, lost for
ever. Now it was five o'clock gone. Still no Stacy. She decided to phone Rich.
She explained the situation to him and told him what she thought the problem
was. So she was now miserable and she could tell Rich was the same. If it was
a major issue with Stacy then it probably screwed up them. Rich said he could
not allow Josie to choose him over her own daughter. Josie had the sense to
say to him that she did not actually know the real reason, until Stacy
explained then they were in the dark. The conversation ended with two very
unhappy people. They agreed to wait and see and Rich would wait to be called
before coming over tomorrow. At ten o'clock Josie got a text message "Staying
with a friend" She tried to phone Stacy back but straight to voicemail. She
composed a text message, then another and more. None of them seemed right so
nothing got sent.

Another night of tossing and turning. Sunday morning Josie looked awful.

She waited until lunchtime. Still no Stacy. She estimated when Rich would be
free from church and phoned him. They agreed to meet for lunch at a pub half
way between them. It was more like a funeral wake, neither could cheer up the
other, neither knew what this meant for their future together, if they even
had one. They kissed goodbye and went their separate ways. Josie got home to
an empty house.

Nothing to do, nothing she wanted to do. She sat and pretended to read a book.
She was still reading the same page when it was bedtime, eight hours later.
Eventually she hear the front door opening. Stacy came in, face like thunder.
Josie immediately started apologising. "Stacy I am sorry I didn't think that
Rich being your age and me being older would cause you so much unhappiness"
Stacy looked at her "What? You think this is about the age difference? No mum
it isn't. I have been in love with Richard since I was eleven years old. You
have ruined my life".

