### Richard is Nice - Thrice by JamesRTickit

**Date Added:** 2015-11-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Josie was floundering. Of all the things Stacy might be upset about this is
the one that she never thought of and the one she could not see a solution to.
Josie decided to phone Rich. It was late but this was important. He picked up
his phone instantly, obviously waiting for some news. "Can you come over
please. Stacy is here now and we have a real problem" Stacy heard the
conversation and was astonished. " Mum are you going to tell Richard?" "Yes,
it makes a total difference to the three of us" Stacy hadn't thought it
through. Her Mum could not simply get rid of Rich without an explanation. She
was now terrified for all of them. How was this going to be solved?

Rich arrived and looked like he had broken every speed limit. Josie made him
sit down and calm down, Josie and Stacy also sat. "Rich, we have a problem
that I have no answer to. Stacy has told me tonight that she has been in love
with you for years and that I have ruined her life". Rich looked stunned and
Stacy realised that her declaration might have been a bit dramatic. Stacy had
been looking at Rich since he arrived and he seemed even better than we she
last saw him. When he left school he was a very nice young man, the last three
years had made him a nice man and quiet nice to look at. Had they bumped into
each other in the pub she would have chased him, unfortunately Mum got there
first.

"I don't really know what to say Stacy. You and I have never dated, your Mum
and I get on very well. I can't see how we can sort this out without all of us
being completely miserable". "Stacy, Rich and I have to go to work tomorrow
and it is already near midnight, can we sit down tomorrow evening and talk"
"What so have to listen to you two shagging and then I am supposed to wait?"
Stacy's anger was palpable. "Shagging. No, Stacy we have never sleep
together." Stacy was stunned, two adults an empty house and they don't have
sex. Rich said to her "We had enough issues when we first dated so we have
deferred anything physical until we feel secure. Now it looks like we are
never going to get to that point"

There really wasn't anymore to say. Rich made a bed downstairs and left early
next morning to go home and get changed for work. Josie had a sleepless night
and felt awful the next morning and Stacy spent most of the night thinking
about her situation.

The reconvened meeting the next evening was listless, all three were tired,
depressed, confused and a dozen more emotions they didn't even know about.

The ate or at least picked at their dinner and Josie cleared away the few
items. They sat down and stared at each other, not knowing how to start the
conversation.

Stacy decided to state her opinion. She had all day to think and by now she
had been deep in thought for almost eighteen hours.

" I have watched you two together. I can see how much you mean to each other.
As Rich said last night, he and I have never dated, so I give you my blessing.
I could not come between you and I want to apologise for what was a schoolgirl
reaction. I should have been sensible and seen to your happiness Mum. I am
sorry" Josie got up and hugged Stacy, floods of tears poured down their faces.

Rich was left out of it. He got the organ out and started playing.

