### A Witch's Hunt: Chap. 6 by ailarhyn

**Date Added:** 2015-11-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Eliza, though not courageous at all, will try being brave by facing her tormentor, the murderer of her daughter.” 

* * *

**Sorry it took so long, I've just been so busy lately! Here's the next scoop of Brandi and Jonathan's story:**

The next morning, Brandi woke to the sound of her phone ringing.

“Hello?” she said groggily.

“Hey,” said Charlotte. Brandi noticed the dead calm in her voice. She was
acting. Someone was with her.

_No. He didn’t. Did he? Could he…No. But… What if… No. _Brandi’s mind ran in
circles. “Hey.”

“How’s your chocolate pudding pie coming along? It’s not out of the oven yet,
is it?”

Brandi’s breath caught in her throat. Chocolate pudding pie meant he was still
in New York (Brandi hated chocolate pudding pie). The second phrase meant it
wasn’t safe to come home. “No, it’s not. How’re things over there?”

“Well, Melody misses you, but when you come back and explain it all I’m sure
she and Jonathan will understand. Also, I saw—”

Brandi heard a loud crash. “Charlotte?”

No answer. Shattering. Yelling.

“Charlotte? What’s happening?”

“Hang up!” Her voice was muffled. “HANG UP!”

Brandi, shaken with shock, did as she was told and threw the phone on the bed.
After a brief moment of clarity, she locked her suitcase, put on her favorite
pair of sunglasses and checked out of her hotel.

At the airport, she called Jonathan, hoping he’d pick up after all the times
she’d sent him to voicemail.

“Brandi?”

“Hey,” she said quietly.

“Are you okay?”

“Yeah. Can I ask you a favor?”

“Anything.”

“Would you pick me up at the JFK tonight? My flight lands at 7:00 Eastern
time.”

“Sure. I’ll bring Melody with me.”

“Actually, I think it’d be better if it was only you. Could she stay with
Persy?”

“Yes, I’ll ask Persy, but Brandi, what’s wrong? What aren’t you telling me?”

“I’ll explain when I get back. Just…please, be safe, okay?”

“I will. Call me if you need anything. I love you.”

Brandi hung up before she said it back.

_Charlotte can handle herself. She’s CIA. She’ll be fine._

Brandi couldn’t sleep on the plane despite her being in first class. She even
took a pill but all it did was make her mellow. The flight attendant asked her
if she needed anything after bringing her water, but Brandi shook her head,
turning to stare out the window. She needed to Melody and Jonathan and
Charlotte, but the flight attendant couldn’t do that for her.

Brandi restrained herself from running into Jonathan’s arms the moment she saw
him. Instead, she calmed herself and walked beside him, allowing him to take
her luggage. The velvet pouch was safely tucked away in her pocket.

Neither of them spoke a word until they got to the car. Brandi knew anyone
could be listening. His people were everywhere. She wasn’t safe anymore.

_You never were,_ the voice in her head echoed.

“What’s going on?” Jonathan asked the moment they shut the car doors.

“I’ve got some explaining to do,” Brandi sighed.

And there, sitting in the passenger seat of his car, Brandi told him
everything, every last detail, a story only Charlotte, aside from Brandi,
knew.

Clive Wayne always had a dark presence about him. Eliza was the only waitress
at Ellen’s Stardust Diner, New York City’s famous singing restaurant, who
didn’t refuse to wait his table. Clive often went alone, to hear the music,
and everyone knew Eliza was the best singer there.

“Clive! What would you like today?” Eliza asked.

“Regular,” he answered with a smile. “Thanks, Eliza.”

She sauntered away to give the chef the order before waltzing her way back to
the table. Shelly and Ophelia were waiting the other occupied tables, so Eliza
had a few minutes to spare.

“So, after all these months of taking your order, I don’t even know who you
are except your name,” Eliza said teasingly.

Clive chuckled, amused by the waitress’s confidence. “What time does your
shift end?”

Eliza hid her surprise. “At ten.”

“I’ll wait until then.”

Shaking her head, Eliza walked away, grinning like an idiot.

Over the next two years, Eliza and Clive became inseparable. At first, Eliza
willingly attached herself to his hip, but after three months, she became
trapped in an abyss of drug dealing, rape, terrorism, and lies. Eliza lied so
much she forgot what was true.

_“Oh, I’m fine, no worries!” “Yeah, I got that from falling down the stairs.
Clumsy me!” “No, he would never. He loves me. Don’t believe all those rumors.”
“No, Officer. I swear Clive has done nothing but be kind to me.” “Clive is the
reason I was on Broadway! He’s the best thing that ever happened to me!” “No,
it’s a boy. Clive, the doctors said it themselves.” “Just tired, that’s all.
Little Clive is kicking like crazy.” “Oh, I’m so happy! This baby will really
make us a family now!”_

After a year of trying, Eliza became pregnant at the age of 21. Clive was
thrilled when he found out. “We can name him Clive, after me,” he said.

Eliza knew he’d have no interest whatsoever in the baby. He’d only hold him
(if it was a boy; Eliza asked the doctors to keep it a secret, and since Clive
never went to the appointments with her, he would never know) and show him
off. Clive would refuse to take any part in raising him—no changing diapers,
no getting up in the middle of the night, no rocking, no cleaning up spit-up.
All the dirty work would be left to Eliza.

If the baby was a girl, Eliza didn’t know what Clive would do. She’d always
wanted a daughter, but to Clive, a daughter would be a curse.

On the night of Clive’s birthday, two months into Eliza’s pregnancy, she
asked, “Do you like the name Aria? If the baby is a girl?”

Clive stop chewing his 200-dollar steak. “Eliza, don’t be ridiculous,” he said
with a fake smile. “Of course it’ll be a boy. Boys run in my family.”

_And girls run in mine,_ Eliza thought. “Of course,” she responded, nodding.
“He’ll be Little Clive.”

Having escaped Clive for a night, Eliza locked herself in the bathroom,
ceremoniously throwing up into the toilet. Clive hated it when she vomited but
she couldn’t help it; it was morning sickness.

“Happy birthday, Eliza!” everyone cheered.

As Eliza blew out her twenty-two candles, a sharp pain hit her midsection,
causing her to double over in pain. Clive rushed to her side, playing the
doting husband, and carried her to the car.

“Babe, don’t worry, I’ll get you to the hospital. You’ll be holding Little
Clive in your arms in no time.”

Eliza hated it when he called her that. _Babe. Such a derogatory term. All he
sees in me is a sex partner and the caretaker of his son. _

“At 11:58 p.m., June 22, 2013, after four intense hours of sweat and swallowed
cries, Eliza’s daughter was born,” Brandi finished quietly. “Aria Caroline had
big green eyes and chestnut hair; she got most of her features from her
mother. She had Clive’s face shape and nose, but everything else was from
Eliza.”

Jonathan listened quietly, focused on Brandi’s voice and the road ahead of
him.

_ _

_ _

“She’s beautiful,” said one of the nurses as she swept Aria away for testing.
“What will her name be? Have you decided?”

“Aria,” Eliza said quietly. “Aria Caroline Wayne.”

The nurse smiled and briskly walked out of the room, carrying Eliza and
Clive’s daughter in her arms, completely unaware of the delicate life she
held.

The new parents sat in the delivery room in silence, Eliza laying on the bed
and Clive in the chair beside her.

“I thought I was having a son,” he said accusingly.

“I thought so too,” Eliza lied. The truth was, she didn’t know the sex of the
baby until she was born. Clive didn’t really know either, but he was so
convinced he was going to get a son that he eventually believed it to be true.

“We’ll put her up for adoption and try again.”

Eliza blinked. “What?”

“I said,” Clive repeated, annoyed, “we’ll put her up for adoption and try
again.”

The new mother didn’t move a muscle. Her body was tired, and she didn’t argue
with him, knowing how it would end.

“From the moment she held Aria in her arms for the first time, Eliza began
formulating a plan to escape her husband. She took out half the money in
Clive’s account after running from their home mere days after returning from
the hospital. Clive was out with his friends at their usual bar, _O’Brien’s,_
that night. Eliza took only the clothes on her back, her baby, and a bag
containing one hundred grand in cash. Eliza hailed a cab and told the driver
to take her to Virginia. They agreed on a price and in four hours, Eliza was
standing in front of the CIA headquarters.

“Eliza told them everything. She told them of all the unwanted sex, abuse,
drug dealing, arms dealing, terrorism, bombs, and murders. They put her and
her child in protective custody for two months. During those two months, Eliza
made one friend, and that woman is still Eliza’s best friend today.

"In early September of 2013, the CIA located Clive in Chile. He was now a
fugitive, and because of this, the CIA knew he would never attempt to come
back to the United States. Eliza and Aria were let out of protective custody,
but Eliza’s best friend was still cautious, so she decided to become Eliza’s
protector. She would stay in touch with Eliza and Aria to make sure they were
safe, and if Clive ever did come back, she would be there to help Eliza
escape.

“Eliza left for work on the morning of October 31st, 2013, leaving Aria in the
care of a trusted nanny, and came back that night to find her daughter and
nanny dead in the living room. Blood stained the carpet and a handgun rested
on the coffee table next to a note with “You’re next” written in Aria’s blood
on it.

“Eliza, grief-stricken by the two deaths, immediately contacted the CIA. But
it was too late; Clive had run to Greece this time.

“Eventually, Eliza began to live as normally as she could. Her daughter is
buried in Cleveland.

“Now, six years after Aria died, five years after Eliza changed her name, and
four years after Clive Wayne disappeared off the grid, Eliza was finally able
to be truly happy again. She had the life she’d always wanted. But Clive
turned up again, this time attacking Eliza’s closest, most trusted friend, and
Eliza knows he’ll come for her next. So she decided to put a stop to this, to
stop letting him control her life. She will do anything she can to protect the
people she cares about. Eliza, though not courageous at all, will try being
brave by facing her tormentor, the murderer of her daughter.”

**Please send feedback if you like this story and would like me to continue it!**

