### Someplace Else by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-11-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** 'The journey continues from central station' 

* * *

**Someplace Else**

**(Part II)**

**This story is a sequel to "At Central Station"**

‘Then Alex it is, but may I ask you why? Your name is beautiful as it is’,
Referring to her full name Alexandra.

‘Most of my friends gave me a shorter name. Only my parents call me by my full
name. besides, I don’t like my real name. It makes me feel old.’

‘Okay, fair enough. Do you shorten everything you don’t like?’

‘Explain yourself’, she asked frowning her eyebrows.

I sniffed. ‘I’m already getting weird, that’s a record.’

She smiled. ‘You know Marc, you have this huge glow of mystery surrounding you
since the very first moment you opened your mouth for the first time. Did that
ever occur to someone before?’

‘Must have slipped my mind, if anyone said so before.’

‘But no, I do not shorten everything I don’t like. It’s also part of life. The
things you don’t like make you pursue the things you do like or think you
might get to like.’

‘Everything that we chose for ultimately leads us towards one same place. Its
up to you which places you visit before you get there.. and.. how…’, I
responded.

‘You told me that you weren’t good at philosophy. But you sound like you’re
either full of crap or you were lying too me earlier.’

‘I like to keep low expectations Alex.’

So, after our little chat, she decided to open her laptop. She was working on
a school project I thought. I decided to continue reading my book. I was
reading the latest thriller written by lee Child. The name of the book was
Personal. I almost finished the book, about eighty pages left. But after a few
minutes I felt this urge to close my eyes and take a little nap. It was a long
day. I woke up half passed five in order to be on time for class. Then I left
at twelve o’clock in order to be on time for this train. And for what? A
stupid role as extra in a Dutch television series that I don’t even like that
much.

I mean, I’m not a huge fan of Dutch film work in any way, because our language
is so ugly to listen to for so long. English is way better. That’s why I want
to do English film work. I intend to do only that what I would like to see
myself. But somehow, I had to have a look at the set of this show. A show
called Moordvrouw. It is a show that does attract more than a million in
ratings. This is comparable with a show in America that attracts 12 million in
ratings.

‘Wake up, wake up!’, Was what I heard. A familiar voice though. While I was
dreaming, it was Sheeyla’s voice. But as soon as I opened my eyes, I saw that
it was Alexandra.

I did not need an explanation for why she woke me up. I felt the stickiness of
a liquid on my chest. An itch in my nose and the taste of blood in my throat.
It was once again a bloody day.

‘Didn’t you realize you are bleeding all over yourself?’ She asked while I
grabbed a tissue. I always have a supply at hand for this recurring problem.

‘I guess I was far away. But thank you anyway.’

‘You’re welcome. Your shirt is stained by the way.’

‘I know. But thankfully I am wearing a black shirt. No one will notice.’

‘Does this happen much?’

‘Approximately 35 times a year.’

‘You should see a doctor.’

‘Maybe I do. But I know my uncle has the same issue. It just happens.’

‘For everyone it could be different Marc. You still should let it be checked
out. Just for shutting out other causes.’

‘How is your homework going?‘ I asked while I cleaned up my nose.

‘How did you know I was doing homework?’

‘Why else would you use a laptop in a train for so long without laughing
once?’

‘I thought you were sleeping.’

‘I was, for a minute.’

‘My presentation next week is about silence. I’m still trying to come up with
anything about silence.’

‘Good luck with that.’

‘You have any ideas? About silence I mean.’

‘It’s boring for many people. But to most it’s uncomfortable.’

‘Not for you?’

‘You could say that I do appreciate silence at some times.’

‘Explain yourself.’

‘I like silence when I’m driving at night, writing a story or while in a
discussion. Since silence is making many people uncomfortable, it is an
advantage for me. Cause eventually, the other will start talking because they
are getting uncomfortable.’

‘For me silence is like peace’, Alexandra said. ‘Innocent and beautiful.’

‘But…?’

‘It is kindda boring’, Alexandra continued. ‘Never looked at it your way
though.’ I was putting my tissues in the trash can and hoped all the blood on
my face was gone. ‘What if there was a way that you could prevent stillness?’

‘In which situation do you mean.’

‘My ex-boyfriend and I sometimes had these moments where we didn’t say
anything for like all the time. It felt so bad. Like we were already growing
out of each other.’

‘How long did your relationship last?’

‘Three and a half years.’

‘From when was this beginning?’

‘After a year. Before that, we always found a way to talk.’

‘By we you meant you, didn’t you?’

‘Why?’

‘Because it sounds like you were the only one thinking about those silences.’

‘So it’s my fault we grew out of each other?’

‘I can’t answer that question. It could be of any reason. I don’t know you or
him. But the stillness is not the reason. You just weren’t meant to be
together for the rest of your lives. That’s it.’

‘So, me being afraid of stillness will not be the reason for a break up?’

‘Stillness is inevitable. You will never outsmart it every time you’re facing
it. So, pick someone who understands. That gives you the impression that it
doesn’t matter that you have nothing to say. That way you won’t feel the urge
to say something. That way, the relationship will feel less forced. Like a
relation between lovers should be.’

‘Did you have any relations with a girl yet? Or a man?’, She asked.

‘I never had a relationship yet. It also doesn’t appeal to me that much Alex.
It’s not that I haven’t found the perfect girl yet. Like many others I also
have the one who got away. Her name was Sheeyla. Beautiful, kind and
intelligent girl.’

‘What happened?’, she asked.

‘I drowned in my own fear of being denied. And then after a couple of years I
realized I never knew her that well at all.’

‘Maybe she was perfect for you.’

‘Perhaps. This year I was making my debut in a television series in which I
starred together with her in a minor role. Was the first time since years I
have seen her again.’

‘And?’

‘She still looked the same, more mature. But even though I still felt
something deeply hidden away during that week, I never had the idea that I
still wanted her to love me.’

‘Must be a good person.’

‘Why?’ I asked.

‘I don’t think you fall in love that easily. Maybe you should still ask her
out once.’

‘Maybe, I wouldn’t place my bet on it though. Like I said, I wouldn’t mind not
having a relationship before I’m getting forty.’

‘Isn’t that a bit late? I want to have three children by then. Maybe four.’

‘Let me ask you in this way. Do you want your life to be a movie, or do you
want it to be like a book?’

‘What’s the difference? In your words I mean?’

‘I want to deepen out every chapter I have in my life. Like a book. A book
tells the same story as a movie. It just takes more time telling its
chapters.’

‘Sounds like the perfect dream of how a life should be spent.’

‘I agree. But you shouldn’t decide something like that. You should let life
happen to you.’

‘Do you have another one-liner to explain that one?’

‘Life by following your instinct or by listening to your mind.’

‘Not listen to your heart?’

‘You’re heart is where feelings come from. You can’t listen, only follow it
and enjoy it. Or despise it. Last thing isn’t very advisable of course.’

‘So, listen to your mind or follow your heart is what you say.’

‘Yeah, you could put it like that. But following your heart sounds more like
it’s coming straight out of a Nicholas Sparks novel.’

‘I like talking with you Marc.’

Then my nose began to bleed once again. I was in time to prevent it from
staining my clothes a second time.

‘You really should let a doctor check you out’, Alexandra said as we arrived
at Zwolle.

