### Good Morning by Silent_Meow

**Date Added:** 2015-11-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A short story, a never-ending struggle, and a love that refuses to let go. 

* * *

“Good morning!” he called cheerfully. Madeline glanced up quickly, and there
he was. Striding past her desk with a small smile on his face was Malcolm. The
effect he had on her was remarkable. Just seeing him sent a wave of happiness
flooding through her body. She automatically smiled back at him, but said
nothing in return. Every time she met his gaze, her stomach tightened, but not
unpleasantly. He was not a handsome man, and his flaws were many. He was not
lean or muscular, there was no sharpness in his jawline, and his smile was
simply crooked. But every day, his imperfections faded away. Madeline began to
notice other things instead, like the way the corners of his mouth crinkled
when he smiled, the particular color of his brown eyes, and how deftly he
worked with his hands. But those smiles were for another, his hands belonged
to someone else. His eyes would never look at her the way he looked at
Bethany. The thought drove a stake through her heart. Her smile faltered and
she let it slip away, forgotten.

There was a time she thought it possible, she thought she was the happiest
woman in the world. She thought he cared for her. But that dream was ripped
from her when Bethany made her appearance. And certainly, there was nothing
wrong with Bethany, but perhaps that was why Madeline felt so terrible. If she
had a flaw, any flaw at all, it would’ve been easy to hate her, to want to
destroy her. But the truth was, Bethany was actually perfect. She was social
and kind, down to earth. Her humor left people in a better mood and she always
had a smile on hand. It was easy to see why he had fallen for her. There were
times when Madeline saw them together that she wanted to feel angry, she
wanted to be spiteful, but she could only feel inadequate. Her heart ached
when she saw how happy they were, and how perfectly they seemed to fit
together._ I won’t ever be able to have that, _Madeline thought, _not with
someone as perfect as him anyway_. The day passed uneventfully, as usual;
Madeline’s head was filled with thoughts of him as she churned out paperwork
from behind her receptionist’s desk at the hospital. Whenever she finally got
him off her mind, he would just happen to walk by and briefly chat with her.
And suddenly, she’d be back to square one. By 5:00, she was exhausted. She
closed her laptop, gathered her purse, and walked down the hallway to grab her
coat, her heels clicking smartly on the tiled floor. And there he was, again.
He too was just clocking out after a long day. As a nurse, he was on his feet
all day, running all over the hospital, going wherever he was needed. She
admired his compassion and the way he never complained. “Hey! You done too?”
he asked, his smile reappearing with those corners re-crinkling. “Yup! I’m
heading home for a nice, relaxing evening and a bottle of wine.” She grinned,
thinking about how she actually would be cleaning her small apartment. “Can
you believe how cold it is out there? It seems like just yesterday it was 90
degrees out and we had the A/C blasting!” he laughed at his own small talk.
Madeline laughed too, but more out of nervousness than anything. His laugh
sent a tingle down her spine, and she felt a stab of happiness, followed by
the familiar prickling of dejection. They walked out to their cars together,
braving the icy winds that snapped at their coats and tugged at their hair.
And just like that, he was gone. She was driving herself home, alone, like she
did every day. She sang along to every song on the radio, her voice a quiet
whisper.

Hours later, she was already in her pajamas, settling down for yet another
uneventful night. As she sipped her wine and read _Jane Eyre_, he came back to
her. He was a shadow of a thought, flitting and darting around her mind.
Although her eyes were reading Mr. Rochester, all Madeline could think of was
Malcom Bradley. Half an hour and three pages later, she gave up. She set her
glasses down on the bedside table next to her beloved novel and curled up
beneath her cozy comforter. But even with her favorite classical music
playing, her mind refused to be lulled. Finally, after an hour of restless
tossing and turning, sleep overcame her senses and she fell, straight into her
worst dream and her favorite nightmare. She was wearing the same clothes, a
form-fitting sweater and a pair of jeans that were just right. Tonight, like
every night before, his eyes lit up when he saw her. He strode towards her,
his long legs propelling him more quickly than she would’ve thought possible.
And then he was holding her, and she could feel the warmth of his chest, the
firmness of his arms around her. “Good morning,” he murmured into her hair.
Her own hands went to the back of his head, holding him closely, marveling at
the softness of his dark hair. When he finally pulled away, he gazed down at
her, brown eyes meeting blue. There. That look was in his eyes. A complex
gleam full of pride and of respect, of lust and of tenderness. There was a
hint of teasing, and a spark of passion. Love. Yes, that was it. The look that
never failed to send shivers down her spine. Tonight was no different. But
instead of looking away, instead of blushing like a young girl, Madeline felt
alive with confidence, tainted with an indescribable fever. She reached out to
him, the back of her hand brushing his cheek, tracing his mouth. He bent his
face to hers, and suddenly his lips were on hers. Warm and soft, tasting of
mint. Life. This is what it meant to live. For a moment, everything was right.
Madeline was in bliss. But something niggled at the back of her mind, a tiny
instinct. Something was wrong. _No_, Madeline thought,_ just a bit longer…_
But it was too late. The nagging thought burst through her fantasy, reminding
her that this was just a dream. Her eyes flew open and she was alone. No, not
quite. He was still there. With Bethany. Arm in arm, they walked by, smiling
at each other, laughing at some inside joke. And Madeline was breaking, she
was falling apart with no one around to save her. The colors faded, and the
happy couple disappeared, and Madeline was truly alone. She felt herself
beginning to resurface, the edge was just ahead. And she was awake. A
heaviness had settled onto her chest, and she struggled to breathe. She closed
her eyes once more, longing for the dream, yet dreading its return. The
minutes ticked by, and the weight began to lift. The softness of his hair, the
taste of mint, everything. It all dissolved into nothing but a faint memory.

An hour later, she was eating burnt toast and drinking her coffee before it
cooled, the scalding drink burning her tongue. Before she knew it, she was
back behind her desk, the dream forgotten and her mind filled with the tasks
ahead of her. “Good morning!” She looked up and saw the brown eyes twinkling
at her. She smiled and dropped her gaze. Just another day…

(Thanks for reading!! Feedback would really help me out, so just a quick
comment or critique would be much appreciated! :))

