### The Unlikeliest Lovers by RawJacques

**Date Added:** 2015-11-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** 1930\. England. German Romeo endures painful hostility while falling for his English Juliet. How can he possibly woo her? Why would she be interested in him? Will true love triumph? Shakespearean tragedy merges with Walt Disney fairytale, in a tear-jerking historical romance. 

* * *

**Preamble:**

This is a 1930 Romeo and Juliet romance tale. It has some intensely passionate
feelings, but they are not all about Love. The restrained social etiquette of
the era tempers the romance, but not the prejudice. I hope it will stimulate
your emotions just as passionately.

_(~6400 words, plus this preamble, and an optional epilogue)_  

_Post 1918. England._

Almost every village in the country, no matter how tiny, has erected some sort
of War Memorial. Remembering those killed during the Great War. Never mind the
maimed and traumatised survivors, who lived on to resent and regret, wondering
what it had all been for, many finding themselves unemployed, usurped by women
taking their jobs while they had endured hell in the trenches.  

It can be difficult for us to comprehend today, what those emotional times
were like.

Feelings ran intensely high, for the excessive price paid in blood, for no
reason other than aristocratic ego. Great changes and great loss, were matched
by great bitterness and great blame. Forgiveness? Perish the thought.
Acrimonious resentment simmered away for decades. Post 1918 is often thought
of as merely the “half time interval”, before hostilities resumed in 1939.

_1930\. England. The Unlikeliest Lovers._

The RAF is running an “advanced skills” course for fighter pilots, open to
all-comers.

A frustrated Germany, humiliated at Versailles in 1919, was nevertheless
already breaking the rules as early as 1924, helped by a complicit Russia
(_True Fact_), long before Hitler took charge. They dare to enrol an up-and-
coming ace for the course, pretending he is part of a Red Army squadron.

Otto is far from a Romeo. He has physical and emotional handicaps that could
make anyone weep. Yet he rose far above his heart-rending beginnings, to get
to the course.

Please do not be offended by any of the prejudice, or spiteful language,
directed at him in this story. I believe the hurtful words spoken, and
feelings expressed, were genuinely felt by (some, perhaps many) people _of
that time_. This is discussed more in the epilogue, if you desire more
insight.

For now, it is mere backstory, to set the scene for the unlikeliest of
romances.

Because, at the course, he meets Elizabeth, the clever, thinking, unemotional
English woman with the lovely smile. She is hardly a Juliet. But she is
special enough in her own way, to see beyond Otto’s unfortunate heritage.

What develops, is... unlikely. But not unprecedented. Shakespeare has already
been there, done that, with Romeo and Juliet. And my own personal family
history, means that this unlikely tale has happened for real, albeit in ways
completely unidentifiable with actual historical events. (This is _not_ a
biography.)  

But this unlikely romance between the unlikeliest of lovers, has an altogether
more Walt Disney-esque finale, than the historic tragedy.

Can the fledgling love of Otto and Liz even germinate, never mind blossom, in
the poisonous, emotionally hostile environment of 1930 England?

Please read on, to find out...

**Part 1: Not judging a book by his cover**

Their eyes met across the tureen of steaming mashed potato. The soft focus
made it far more romantic than it was, in the cold, dingy mess hall of the
windswept airfield, somewhere in rural England. But as her emerald greens
locked with his baby ice­-blues, they both instantly felt that things would
never quite be the same again.

"Danke," he whispered shyly, as she slopped some mash onto his plate. Neither
of them noticed that she had half-missed, and most of the creamy starch had
splattered back into the tureen.

"You're welcome," she blushed, as she told herself to breathe again. The young
man tried to linger, but was roughly shoved on by the airman in the queue
behind him.

"Who is _he_?" she murmured to the middle-aged woman serving peas next to her,
while her eyes followed the short but stocky man in the unfamiliar uniform.

"A damned _Bosche_" spat the woman in venomous reply. "You don't want
_anything_ to do with _him_, the _bastard_. Blue eyes, blond hair, he's the
typical squarehead jerry. We should have exterminated the lot of them after
the War."

Elizabeth paid no heed to the vitriol. She thought it ignorant and unfair to
condemn any individual for the actions of others, and thought even less of
judging someone by their country of birth. “_If we are going to think _that_
way_,” she reasoned, “_then most people should condemn us English for our many
atrocities of the past, too._”

Her fair-mindedness was surprising, for she had every reason to agree with her
bigoted colleague. Her father had been blinded by chlorine gas early in the
Great War, and spent the next few years struggling to slowly cough his lungs
out. Despite his awful injuries, he had remained philosophical, knowing that
he had given just as badly as he had got.

He taught his daughter to hold back from judging a book by its cover. That she
should not react instantly to the immediately obvious superficialities, but to
always dig deeper for the _Why?_ that lay underneath. Don’t blame the Hun for
what they did to him, but blame the aristocracy for the silly squabbles that
led to the senseless slaughter in the first place. She was a clever girl. She
listened and learned.

Her mother found it a lot harder to forgive. She had the arduous task of
caring for the crippled man, and did not cope well.

Elizabeth was barely sixteen when the Spanish Flu epidemic ended both of her
parents’ sufferings. Already fiercely independent, she easily stood alone,
forging her future as best she could.

She managed to finish her schooling with the meagre inheritance, but her
dreams of higher education were thwarted, being far beyond her means. She
nevertheless employed her mind to seek work, rather than employing her body to
seek a husband. She read avidly, fascinated by philosophy and psychology. She
wanted to know what made people tick. What made them think the way they do.
What made them believe the things they believed.

The seeds planted by her father took root in her fertile mind, and prejudice
had no place in her enlightened world of 1930. But that charming Teuton was
_very_ welcome indeed.

Elizabeth watched him ambling awkwardly away. His mousey fawn crew-cut hair
revealed a thick neck, that sat above wide, powerfully built shoulders, and
muscular arms. His broad, long back had the most amazing “V” shape, that
tapered into... Oh, _No!_

A fleeting moment of disappointment was swept aside by a deep pang of
sympathetic distress for the man with a body of two halves.

His impressive back tapered into an impossibly narrow waist that belonged to a
child. He should have been at least four inches taller, but for the spindly,
bent, bow legs, that had a particularly nasty case of childhood rickets
written all over them. Her psycho-analytical mind kicked into high gear,
processing furiously, as she automatically began to dig deeper for the _Why?_
underneath.

She wondered just how awful his childhood must have been, and how he had got
through it. She wondered how much mental damage had accompanied the physical.
She wondered how much trauma had scarred him for life. Her piqued curiosity
provided a convenient justification for further detailed observation of the
test subject. She kept him under close scrutiny, as the man limped away.

He was far from perfect, and yet, she was... interested. What had started with
the eyes, extended to every inch of his novel physique. There was something
cutely adorable about his mismatched proportions. Something admirable about
him rising above that dreadful handicap, to become an ace fighter pilot. But
she had already convinced herself that he was merely an interesting specimen
for intellectual study, and was oblivious to her heart softly yet steadily
beating out “_smitten_” like a war drum. _Smit-ten. Smit-ten. Smit-ten._

She sighed contentedly, and preened her immaculate hair absent-mindedly. Her
thoughts were rudely interrupted by an impatient "Come _ON_, woman, I'm
_hungry_" from the disgruntled British airman next in the queue.

**Part 2: Salvation of the Damned (Bosche)**

"_Gott in Himmel_," mumbled a dazed Otto, shaking his head, as he searched for
somewhere to sit. The stunning beauty of her smiling face had knocked him for
six. While he fought to regain control of his scattered thoughts, he
instinctively found a seat where he could gaze some more at the
extraordinarily gorgeous woman serving the mash.

Her high cheekbones and dazzling eyes were framed by long auburn curls, neatly
pulled back away from her round, kind face. But it was her mouth that
captivated his attention, for she was _always_ smiling. An enchanting smile
like hers was an unfamiliar luxury in his world.

His miserable childhood was long behind him now, but his puny legs hampered
him with everything, and the deficit of happiness plagued him eternally. To
make matters worse, he had encountered nothing but curt frowns and grumpy
annoyance from the other pilots attending the course. He had no idea why he
offended them so, but the hostile animosity was grinding him down already,
after just the first morning of the week long training.

And then this angel had smiled warmly at him. Not just with her mouth, but
with her whole face and those electric eyes. She made him feel welcome. And...
special.

She wore some of that red devil’s paint on her luscious lips, and he felt....
tempted. Slim, tall, and elegant, even the somewhat grimy kitchen apron made
her look like a million Reichsmark model, enhancing her modest bust and
rounded hips to perfection.

He sighed, and shook his head again. There was no ring on her finger, but...
with her looks, it was obvious she could have any man she wanted. He glanced
down below the table, and knew he had no chance. He might as well give up
already.  

He had never been lucky in love, shunned by all potential girlfriends as soon
as they looked down and saw his... undercarriage. He saw no reason why this
time should be any different. His eyes were drawn back to the serving counter.  

Except that..... _mein Gott_..... that wonderful smile.... He was mesmerised.
Spellbound. Irresistibly drawn in, like a moth to a flame, even though he knew
he was destined to crash and burn like always. But he had never felt such
_compulsion_ before.

His passion for flying had led him here. He had always wanted to be a pilot,
ever since Aunt Hilda had given him the wooden toy plane, when he was trapped
in bed with his damaged legs during the Great War.

His parents had died during that war. His father was just another anonymous
corpse in the 1914 trenches. His mother succumbed to heartbreak and desperate
poverty two winters later. The devastating loss of her husband had been bad
enough. But it was the helplessness she felt, watching malnutrition ravage her
little boy with crippling deformities by his tenth birthday, that completely
destroyed her soul.

In the cardboard box they had called home, hidden in some snow-covered bushes,
he too was damned to die in her lifeless arms, but for the farmer’s dog that
sniffed them out, before relentlessly harassing his irritated master to come
and see.

The local orphanage refused to accept him. One look at his frail, damaged
body, and they wrote him off as a basket case. Deformed as he was, he’d never
be adopted, and useless burden that he was, he wasn’t worth the resources
needed to look after him. No-one quite had the brutal strength to say they
should put him out of his misery right there and then, but they were all
thinking it.

The authorities passed the unwanted parcel around for months. No-one wanted
the responsibility. Until eventually, he was “lucky” enough that one old woman
heard of his plight, and asked if she might take him. They were only too glad
to dump him in the distant village, in the care of the elderly spinster.

It was not an adoption - he had never officially become an orphan. He didn’t
even have a birth certificate to prove he existed. He was forgotten and
abandoned to the mercy and tyranny of Aunt Hilda, whom he came to nickname the
_Dragon of Discipline_. She cared for him more out of duty than love. But she
was a decent, if coldly austere, perhaps even brutally severe, old woman.

She fed him the most horrible foul-tasting gruel. He had not understood it had
the perfect ingredients for his weak bones to repair and rebuild as best they
could. How _could_ he understand that, when her first action had been to break
his pathetic legs in several places?

For the next nine months, she had strapped his useless limbs into a traction
rack that bore a frightening similarity to a medieval torture device, always
applying half a turn more than when his eyes bled with agony.

She had given him the toy plane to amuse the hours he spent painfully
immobilised, but it had done more than just take his mind off the unbearable
ordeal. She had seen the spark in his eyes as he “flew” around the mountainous
blanket.

Then she dragged him out of bed and drove him to do the excruciating exercises
that strengthened his straightened limbs, no matter how much he had begged and
cried. He had cursed her every moment of every day back then, but it was
thanks to her that he could walk at all today. He knew _now_ that she always
had his best interests at heart.

She pushed him just as ruthlessly with his studies, setting extra lessons and
homework on top of what the school demanded. He never got to play. If his mind
wasn’t being given a workout, then his body was exercised instead, doing heavy
chores like shovelling coal or digging ditches or felling trees or moving
rocks. Sometimes she just locked him in the basement to do endless pullups and
situps. Her tape measure was never satisfied, as he matured into a strapping
young man.

He remained isolated and lonely, despite regularly drawing admiring glances
from the local girls. He had tried to chat a few of them up, but as soon as
they looked below his belt, and saw the weak, withered half of him, they all
callously rejected him with mocking laughter. His upper half was pleasing
enough eye candy to look at, but with those damaged legs, he wasn't the
boyfriend material they wanted.  

Aunt Hilda’s endless and unforgiving demands, were never intended to help him
find love. Instead, they had prepared him perfectly for the pilot training
selection day. The Treaty of Versailles outlawed any official Luftwaffe, but
frustrated officers in the Reichswehr were determined to secretly train some
fighter pilots. The Russians were willing to help, at the purpose-built
Lipetsk airfield, but places were few and precious. They could accept only the
very best of the very best candidates.

Otto’s upper body and brain were easily top of the class, but sceptical
eyebrows were raised at the obvious handicap from his childhood. He ran the
laps of the exercise field, coming last, but comfortably achieving the minimum
acceptable time. Then they made him run them again. And then a third time. His
bandy little legs did everything demanded of them, including the punitive
extra tests imposed by unconvinced assessors. The mild pain was trivial
compared to what he had endured before, and he didn’t even grimace or grunt as
he squashed all doubts about his capabilities.

_Everything_ changed when he returned home. The coveted acceptance letter
grasped in his victorious hand was greeted by the first ever smile from Aunt
Hilda.

In all of the eight years he had known her, she had never once been remotely
pleased with him. But on _that_ day, the old woman had smiled warmly, hugged
him tightly, and with a lonely tear in her eye, proudly declared: “Well done,
my boy. I know you hated me through every moment, but it was absolutely worth
it. _Now_ your dreams can come true.”

She had known there was no room for compromise. He had to maximise all of his
potential, to compensate for his handicap.

But...

He simply _knew_, from how he felt that day, basking in her glowing smile,
that she had missed a motivational trick. He would have performed even better,
if she had shown him a little love. Perhaps just an appreciative smile now and
then, or maybe a quick squeeze of a hug, as some reward and encouragement for
his efforts. But she had focused so completely on his body and mind, that his
heart and soul had been wholly ignored.

He was not bitter about it. She had done the best she could. She had given him
his life back, and a miraculous chance to follow his calling. He chose to be
grateful for that, and overlook what was perhaps her own debilitating
handicap. She was a spinster, after all. Perhaps expressing love and affection
was beyond her own abilities.

He owed Aunt Hilda _everything_. He had looked forward to repaying her,
showing her the smiles and love she had missed, now that he knew what was
lacking from their relationship. But he didn’t get the chance. She passed away
suddenly, while he was still in basic training. She didn’t even get to be
proud of his burgeoning success, when he graduated as top gun of his class.

Her death only crystallised at the graduation ceremony. The gathered crowd
clapped politely, but no-one knew him. He was utterly alone, adrift amidst the
sea of strangers. His accomplishment meant nothing, because he had no-one to
share it with. His isolation encapsulated him, as a deep melancholy
overwhelmed his heart.

He rescued himself with his fledgling career, fending off those crushing
emotions with hard work and technical concentration. He devoted himself to his
training, listening attentively, questioning and challenging everything he was
taught. He was a clever guy. He listened and learned.

He was not content to merely fly. He wanted to know _Why?._ How did it work?
What kept the plane airborne? What were the limits?

He pushed the envelope relentlessly. He calculated, estimated, simulated with
his wooden toy, then experimented and took risks in the real thing. He
developed unique tricks and techniques that seemingly defied the laws of
physics. He could make planes do things that even the designers had thought
impossible.

He was not of privileged background like his fellow pilots, but his prodigious
talent could not be ignored. Inexorably, he rose through the rank and file. By
the ripe old age of 24, he was already a top ace amongst the established
elite. His youthful eagerness, prompted his boisterous commanders to risk
sending him to England, to attend the advanced skills course, allegedly
representing the Red Army squadron from Lipetsk.

And now _here he was, sitting in this mess hall_, bewildered that he should
feel so weak and helpless whenever he looked at the English angel with the
heavenly smile.

Her friendly demeanour invited an approach. But he could barely speak any
English, resorting to a little pocket translator for single words, hoping to
make himself understood. He'd have to learn fast.

He was so distracted that week, that he almost failed the course. Instead of
focusing on the lectures, demonstrations, and dogfights, he kept day-dreaming
about her smiling face. He came last, losing all of his one-on-one practice
skirmishes.

But that was a good thing, fortunately, because the British pilots could all
smugly scoff at his mythical "German Superiority". They so enjoyed making the
despised enemy look clumsily inept in the air, that it took the edge off their
hostility on the ground. The outrage that a German pilot had even been allowed
to attend the course, was mitigated in the schadenfreude of his thorough
humiliation.

Luckily, Otto was blissfully unaware of the social shenanigans, feeling no
shame nor resentment. He just kept thinking of the next mealtime, when he'd
get to see the lovely woman with the magnificent smile serving the food one
more time.

**Part 3: Asking a stupid question. Or two.**

_Is there such a thing as love at first sight? _

Otto had not even considered it. His few brief encounters with women had been
so painfully crushing, he had given up any and all thoughts of love and
romance long ago. He had devoted all of his attention to his flying, convinced
that his impairment condemned him to bachelorhood. But as his knees felt even
weaker than usual, threatening to buckle completely with every glimpse of his
goddess, he was forced to confront the question for the first time ever.

Thoroughly modern Elizabeth had long since considered it. Her logical analysis
concluded it was a stupid question, and too silly an idea to bother
contemplating further. She was romantic enough, but believed she would have to
choose a partner to woo, and work hard to win him. So far, however, she had
never met a man she felt worthy of trying to win.

Yet now she was giggling like a schoolgirl, blushing scarlet every time that
man caught her staring at him. At first she would look away quickly in acute
embarrassment, but then realised his friendly eyes were welcoming hers, and
they would engage eye contact for the eternity that exists within the lifetime
of every solitary second.

In the passionate heat of the moment, neither of them realised they had the
obvious answer to the stupid question.

~*~

Otto spent his spare time thumbing through his translator, trying to put
sentences together. He could barely say this stuff in his mother tongue, being
so inexperienced in such matters. He was going to make a complete and utter
fool of himself trying to say it in English. But it _had_ to be worth a try.
Her smile brought him to life in a way that even his flying never had.

The mealtimes came and went all too quickly. He practiced saying "Yes, please"
and "Thank you". Everyone sneered and sniggered as his heavy accent distorted
the words. Everyone except Elizabeth, that is, who was instead charmed off her
feet by his quaint mispronunciations.

She felt annoyed with her compatriots for laughing at him. At least he was
_trying_ to speak English - and having to do it all on his own - which was a
darn sight more effort than _they_ were putting in. How many of them could be
bothered to learn one word of German?

She silenced their rude condescension by responding to his latest "Tank you
wery mooch" with a "Bitte schon".

She felt the heat of their disapproving glares, but it was well worth it. The
pearly whites the man flashed as his handsome face lit up in a beaming smile,
set her heart afluttering to new dizzying heights. _Smit-TEN. Smit-TEN. Smit-
TEN._

Otto had been thrilled to hear the woman replying in German. He was fortunate
to have both feet planted at the time, because one leg alone would not have
held him up. He leaned on the counter for support, feeling daft when his mouth
split his face from ear to ear, but he couldn’t help himself.

“_Mein Gott_,” he thought, “_she actually _likes_ me. This changes..... well,
nothing, really_.” Otto had already decided what he was going to do. Except,
now he saw a faint glimmer of happy hope he might actually succeed in his
quest.

The training week was nearly over already. The graduation ceremony was to be
finished off with a dinner-dance. The other pilots all had wives or
girlfriends, or found companions in the local bars. But Otto had only his
phrase book for company in the lonely barracks.

He thumbed the dog-eared pages, desperately trying to find the right words for
his very own stupid question. Nothing sounded right, but it would have to do.
He fervently hoped she would understand.

**Part 4: (In)Offensive Offence?**

The day before the dance, after the evening meal, Otto waited anxiously in the
dimly lit gloom behind the kitchen, until Elizabeth emerged, heading home. She
didn’t see him as she fumbled in her bag for her gloves. His voice launched
the perfect ambush.

"Excuse you me please Liz." The hesitant guttural staccato startled Liz,
stopping her dead in her tracks. The shadowy man stepped closer, while her
eyes adjusted to the low light, but his accent had already revealed his
identity.

The adrenalin surge that had set her heart racing, was not responsible for it
_continuing_ to race, as her favourite test subject moved within touching
distance, with no food counter separating them. Heart in her mouth, she stood
still with the fearful thrill of his close proximity, but stayed cautiously
silent, unnerved that somehow he already knew her name.

Otto was likewise having some major difficulties. His wobbly legs were
trembling uncontrollably, and he was finding it hard to breathe, never mind
speak. The hope of yesterday was rapidly losing the battle against the
historical humiliating defeats, as he mustered the courage to bravely soldier
on, once more unto the breach.  

His voice wavering a little, he began the offence: "I call Otto. I get name by
kitchen talk. Ummm." His mind went blank. His ears glowed red hot.

He peered down at the notes his shaking hand was clutching far too tightly. He
cleared his throat, swallowed hard, and started reading aloud: “Would you me
along together with dance next day go?”

Then he tacked a quick "Bitte? Ummm. Please?" afterthought on the end.

First Liz had to overcome the surprise. Then it took her quite a few moments
more to translate the translation. But her shocked expression needed no
translation. Otto was immediately convinced that he must have said something
supremely idiotic and offensive. His doubts that he had expressed himself well
enough, increased exponentially as the awkward silent seconds ticked by.

Liz was shocked alright. But not in the way Otto imagined. Psychoanalyst Liz
was too busy thinking hard in astounded revelation, to be offended.

_'I call Otto. I get name by kitchen talk.'_ She chuckled to herself, when she
worked out he wasn’t talking about getting _his_ name from kitchen talk, but
learning _her_ name by listening to the ladies chatting in the kitchen. She
was impressed that he had taken the trouble to find out her name. She was
_more_ impressed that he was considerate enough to include the pre-emptive
explanation, anticipating her wariness of the familiarity. What impressed her
_most_, was that he had done _all_ of that, in a language he had no idea how
to speak.

She was in awe of the sterling effort this man had put in, just for his
introduction. She stared at him in disbelief. She searched his hopeful eyes,
seeing a little deeper than ever before, but getting nowhere near the bottom.

He could feel her eyes probing his, and tried to reveal his intentions. Maybe
she could _see_ how he felt about her. Perhaps a glimpse of his yearning soul
might succeed where his words had apparently failed. He wished with all of his
heart to show her how much her smile meant to him. But her look of disbelief
remained.

She almost forgot she had a question to answer, but her thudding heart
reminded her how delighted she was that he had asked_ her_ to be his dance
partner. She was deeply flattered, because no pilot ever stooped so low as to
consider the kitchen help worthy of their company for the formal celebrations.
This man clearly did things his own way. It did not matter why - she liked it,
regardless of the cause.

_"I wonder how well he can dance?"_ she questioned, glancing down at his least
impressive assets, and musing if they were liabilities. He was obviously no
Fred Astaire. She imagined what he would look like doing a waltz, and it
wasn’t pretty. She was unaware of her face showing how she felt about the
somewhat hideous ungainly sight.

His heart sank when she looked down. He saw the same old look of revulsion
whenever a woman seriously evaluated his potential, and realised his legs were
hopelessly inadequate. She could surely tell _his_ legs had never danced
before. She seemed disgusted by the audacity of his delusional, insulting
request. Her expression of contempt warned him to brace for an imminent slap
and another mortifying rejection.

The horrifying idea that had amplified her reaction, was the dawning in her
thoughts that maybe he could not dance _at all_. Her heart understood. But
while it clamoured to ask why a man who could not dance had invited her to be
his partner, her mind still wasn’t paying any attention.

“_Does it even matter if he can dance or not?_” she challenged. “_Perhaps it
would be interesting to find out?_” Yes, she could have a bit of fun doing a
field experiment to establish just how handi-capable her ever-more-interesting
test subject was.

But secretly, that was really just her subconscious mind giving her heart
permission to go ahead and indulge her desires.

**Part 5: Synchronised Swooning**

He could feel the tears building up as he waited despondently for his
inevitable shaming. He had humiliated himself once again. But at least he had
tried. Her smile had been worth the pain he was about to receive.

She saw the moistness arriving in his eyes, as the hopefulness faded. She
realised how her lack of response had been a cruel torment for him. She
realised how desperately he was wanting her to say yes. She realised how upset
he would be if she said no. She realised she had the power to make this man
cry with just one little two-letter word. She was touched in a way that no man
had ever touched her before. She was deeply moved.

_“He is truly someone very special_,” Liz concluded.

Then she realised how much she wanted to say yes. The mere thought of spending
an evening dancing with this man, touching him, holding him, feeling him, was
intoxicating.

Slowly the devil-red lips of her open mouth framed another glorious smile, and
at long last she replied, "Yes. _Yes_, Otto, I would _love_ to accompany you
to the dance tomorrow."

Otto blinked away his tears in puzzled confusion. That wasn’t the slap he had
been bracing for, but her answer stung him just as hard. “Yes? Nein! _Yes?_”
He understood the “yes” bit, but he was still in denial she had actually said
it.

She nodded her beautiful smiling head in confirmation, and posed for a waltz
to show she meant it. He jumped all of two inches off the ground for joy.
“Danke! Danke _schon_!” The broadest, goofiest grin of his life took control
of his face, as he hopped about with overjoyed glee.

All week long she had been the sole friendly soul amongst the hostile
animosity that he still didn’t really understand. She had welcomed him, nay,
_accepted_ him exactly as he was, and she wasn’t even phased by the laughable
notion that he could dance, with _his_ legs.

He knew he had said it all wrong, no idea how badly wrong, but she had taken
the time and trouble to work it all out. She had made the effort to reach out
and accommodate _all_ of his failings, verbal _and_ physical. And she had
_still_ said yes to him, spindly bent legs and all. He was deeply moved.

_“She is truly someone very special,”_ Otto concluded.

He wanted to burst with euphoria. The anticipation of spending an evening
dancing with this woman, touching her, holding her, feeling her, was
intoxicating. It was simply too much. He could not contain himself. So he
scandalously breached protocol, and grabbed her hand for an over-excited
squeeze of gratitude.

The first contact with her soft skin was so exhilarating, he lost all
inhibition.

“_This is naughty_,” he chastised himself, as he lifted her hand to his mouth
for a rather intensely appreciative gentleman’s kiss.

His jubilant reception left Liz feeling quite flushed with excitement. The
first contact with his warm skin as he had taken her hand, escalated the flush
into giddiness. But when his reckless lips brushed her fingers, it was simply
too much.

It was all happening a bit too fast. Feeling quite faint, her heart instructed
her legs to give way towards Otto as she swooned.

She floated onto cloud nine as his strong arms caught her easily. He held her
close to his Herculean chest as his little legs desperately sought the
Herculean strength they needed to hold them both up.

Otto floated onto cloud nine with her. His instinctive catch had been so easy,
it was like she had deliberately fallen into his arms. But he was still in
denial, for no woman had ever sought his touch before, never mind catch and
hold them tightly like this.

He froze with fright, when she seemed to be nestling even closer! He gasped
for breath, mighty chest heaving in fear, as she snuggled into his muscular
contours, pressing her soft body firmly against him. His heart was hammering
with the terror of the divine torture.

“_This is naughty_,” she scolded herself, keeping her eyes closed, but failing
to hide her wickedly devilish smile. She let herself enjoy the thrill of the
divine pleasure to the utmost, pressing herself firmly against his hard body,
subtley snuggling into his manly shapes.

This was unimaginable new territory for Otto.

It was all happening a bit too fast. He was paralysed for a moment, holding
the woman of his dreams slightly awkwardly, straining legs quivering,
completely unable to move, and no idea what to do next. He might have caught
her, but it had been a trap, for he was now her helpless prisoner.

Her intuitive ploy had worked like a charm. The man of her dreams had caught
her effortlessly. She stayed still, not wanting to move, feeling safe and
secure, captive in his strong arms.

She assumed the deafening noise thumping in her ears was an echo of her
excited heart throbbing away in her chest.

Bursting with euphoria, she could not contain herself. So she scandalously
breached protocol, and put a hand to his chest to savour his flexing muscle.
To her utter astonishment, she felt his heart pounding violently, in perfect
harmonious synch with her own.

She gazed at his heaving chest in curious wonder. All inhibition lost, she
watched her fingers delicately explore the masculine features of her favourite
test subject up close and very personal.

His heart had threatened to jump right out of his chest when she gently put
her hand against it. The sensitive touch of her feminine fingers sent such
power coursing through his veins, it gave him all the strength in the world to
scoop her up completely off her feet.

She even put her arms around his neck to help, as he carried her to her
bicycle. He did not question for one moment whether his legs had the strength
to do that. They just did what they had to, because he would not have it any
other way. She was right where he wanted her to be, being carried like the
priceless treasure she was. He felt completely accepted, ecstatic with
rapture, and never wanted to ever let her go.

She wrapped her arms around his neck, as he adjusted his hold to sweep her
completely off her feet, and carry her to her bicycle. His legs staggered
noticeably with the effort, but she did not doubt for one moment that they had
the strength to do it, because she would not have it any other way. He was
right where she wanted him to be, carrying her like the Prince Charming he
was. She felt completely desired, ecstatic with rapture, and never wanted to
ever let him go.

**Part 6: Just another tragically perfect fairytale, by Disney Shakespeare**

Liz was surprised how much it hurt, feeling the hatred in the offended stares
as she entered the dance hall on his arm the next night. She was not sure if
it was because she was accompanying the despised German, or because she was
the dinner-lady, and had no business being at the dance at all. Maybe it was
both. But she now knew exactly what Otto had been subjected to all week long.

The message became brutally clear, when Otto was not called up to receive his
graduation certificate. He had already been given his separately, just to make
sure the evening would not be spoiled by having to acknowledge the foreigner.

The couple was ostracised for the entire evening, but that just helped Liz to
stay focused on the man who had already surpassed all of her expectations.

The unlikeliest of lovers kept well away from centre stage, not even risking
the main dance floor. But they had a nice enough time, on their own, hidden
away in a quiet corner.

They didn’t talk much, but that didn't matter, because there wasn't much that
needed to be said. They ate and drank. They gazed into each others’ eyes. They
laughed hysterically when they trod on each others’ toes. They held each other
tight. They cherished each other all night. They enjoyed the breathless thrill
of every intimate moment together.

Otto waited all evening before springing his next ambush. But he simply became
more certain of his intent with every perfect moment that passed. Liz was
expecting him to fly back to Germany on the morrow, and to her this dance was
just a nice way to say goodbye.

So when, in the middle of the last slow dance of the evening, Otto dropped
down onto one awkward knee, and quietly suggested "Please marry," while
offering her a tiny diamond ring, she was caught somewhere between
disbelieving shock and dumbfounded horror.

He had been very discrete with the proposal. So discrete that no-one else
noticed. Which meant it did not provoke any indignant interference. Instead,
psychoanalyst Liz had all the time in the world to properly consider it, while
the music played on...

All evening, he had been the perfect gentleman. Holding the door open, letting
her go first, fetching her drinks, adjusting her chair, anticipating her every
need. And yet, when it became obvious he had never, _ever_, danced before, he
happily submitted, following her lead, willingly letting her teach him without
any masculine pride getting in the way.

It was strange and unfamiliar to her, to have any man give her that much
respect and empowerment. Never mind that he was an ace pilot, supremely
skilled and talented, yet humbly deferring to the superior skills and
knowledge of a dinner-lady. She had never seen a man behave like that before.
No man had ever treated_ her_ like that before.

This was unimaginable new territory for Liz.

Despite her intellect and independence, the pinnacle of her ten year career
was serving mash in an RAF mess hall. Misogynistic male employers considered
her to be “nothing more than a woman”, and expected her to be at home,
preferably barefoot and pregnant in the kitchen.

But Otto showed no preconceptions about her social status or value. He had not
even treated her like an equal, but more like his Queen, revered and honoured
in all matters including manners, etiquette and decorum. Like him being down
on one knee, right now.

Liz searched deeply into his eyes, that sparkled even more brightly than the
twinkling diamond. He gently ushered her all the way in, right to the very
core of his fragile, delicate, soul. He showed her the one and only thing that
really mattered to him in the entire world:  
_Reflected right there in his eyes, appearing to be deep within him at the
very centre of his being, she saw the smile on her own face... _

She gasped. Damned Bosche or not, she instantly knew he was by far a finer
catch than _all_ of the other airmen _combined_.

What she was still finding _impossible_ to accept, was that she didn’t have to
do _anything_ to win him - he was _already_ hers to have, right there for the
taking, still down on bended knee. And he clearly wanted her, just as much if
not more than she wanted him. How could this be so simple? So easy? So
_perfect_?

She softly stroked his fuzzy head. She caressed his square jaw. He tenderly
nuzzled her hand against his cheek, filling them both with feverish bliss. All
while he patiently waited down there on the floor for her, puppy dog eyes
eager to jump at any chance to please.

The tidal wave that had been sweeping Liz along all week, finally flooded
ashore in a tsunami of tears as she surrendered to the emotional pressure.

All things properly considered, thoroughly modern Liz lost her analytical head
in a moment of romantic fairytale madness sensibility. She gently nodded her
tearful yet still smiling face once more, and whispered “Ja” with all of her
passionate heart.

Ring on her finger, they sealed it with their first kiss. The electricity they
generated inspired the power surge that blew all of the light bulbs in a
shower of sparks and fireworks, giving them a shroud of darkness to relish the
embrace for as long as they desired.

They were married within a month. It was just the two of them, at the registry
office. The pastor at Liz’s local church refused to perform a wedding ceremony
when he heard who the groom was.

The reality that the _entire world_ seemed to frown upon this union of two
“irreconcilable enemies” had little impact on their blossoming love for each
other. It was just Romeo and Juliet all over again, proving that people never
change, no matter how much times change.

_Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed the emotional roller-coaster. _

_Feedback is welcome. _

_While I hope you would consider reading the "preaching" about prejudice that
follows in the epilogue, it might spoil the romance if you do. _

_Otto and Liz both ignored the thoughtless hostility that could so easily have
kept them apart. But such ongoing prejudice, that proves how people never
change, continues to afflict our world today, in ever-increasing extremes. _

_This story is as much a philosophical statement about that, as it is about a
romantic fairytale. But it was necessary to isolate that message, to avoid
derailing the romance. _

_In short - I'm with Liz. Prejudice has no place in my enlightened world of
2015. _

**Epilogue: Something to think about: The fairness of Prejudice.**

The prejudice that saturated the atmosphere, setting the hostile scene that
Otto and Liz had to fight through to find each other, was mere backstory. I
did not want to spoil the romance, by preaching about it in the main story.  

But, if you are prepared to consider it, this is how us humans have always
behaved, and always will behave, until we all learn to think for ourselves.
Romeo and Juliet lived through it, with their feuding families. We’ve had two
world wars. And the contemporary hostilities, that seem to be ever-escalating
at all levels, are all about single-minded belief that “we” are right, and
“they” are wrong, and thus an enemy to obliterate. Or subjugate. Without
compromise.

It is a power struggle for dominance. Feuding neighbours aside, most large-
scale conflicts tend to be caused by a few, leading those that do not think
for themselves. Or sometimes, those leaders make it impossible for such
independent thought to be expressed...

The "groups of like minded people" that then fight, are simply not capable of
realising that "their" way is not the ONLY way.

Most of all, if I desire to be allowed to live my life as I want to, then I
MUST be prepared to let others live their lives in the way they want to. I
have no right to TELL them how to live, and vice versa. Although, healthy
debate, sharing viewpoints and reasons and explanations, does not hurt. Yet I
seem to be a rare and endangered species, having had my attitude and beliefs
changed quite a few times, by rational argument and proof. But it seems far
more common, for people to deny truth and facts that are "inconvenient" to
their beliefs.

We all need to consider how much ignorance we should tolerate, how much we
should follow like meek sheep, and what price we might have to pay someday, if
we do not resist and fight against it today.

The hostile bigotry Otto experiences is not intended to offend, nor blame. It
is meant to enlighten, by showing how undeserving he was of such treatment.
And that any _automatic_ prejudice based on any generic trait, be that
Nationality, Religion, Political affiliation, Sex, Ethnicity, Heritage, or
“side of the tracks”, (or _whatever_), is _automatically_ wrong.

Every person should judge, and be judged, for themselves, as individuals.

Any “us” versus “them” thinking, should be an _immediate_ red alert warning to
reconsider the belief. That is hard to do, when group instinct takes hold, as
we have all evolved to instinctively “follow the leader” and let them do the
thinking for us. When your chosen leader tells you exactly what you want to
hear, it is obviously “right”. When someone who thinks differently hears the
same words, it is “propaganda” or “brainwashing” or “indoctrination” or
suchlike. Cue conflict, debate, argument, perhaps fisticuffs, knives, and
guns, maybe insurgency and civil war, and maybe WW3 someday soon. We haven't
quite hit the Big Red Button yet, but how close have we been before? And how
close will we come again?

I hope that the characters and story make it clear that such narrow-mindedness
is both unfair and harmful. When you see just how “damned” Otto has already
been, during his ghastly childhood in Part 2, and how little he deserved it,
then please think back to the vitriolic hatred of the woman serving peas in
Part 1.  
Was she fair? Was he worthy of her condemnation? Had he not _already_ suffered
_more_ than enough, despite being completely innocent?  
What had Otto _done_, to be the target of such animosity? Other than be born
in the “wrong country”, and personify a “them” target for “us” to vent our
feelings at?

It is hard to build bridges, when the emotions run deep. But, I wonder if pea-
woman’s own “crime” would ever be seen as such, by those that felt the same as
her? Such is the tragedy of prejudice - it feeds on feelings, and requires no
thought whatsoever. In fact, it is _thought_ that conquers such prejudice -
that’s what Liz is trying to tell us, since she had every reason to FEEL the
same way as pea-woman, yet chose to THINK differently, and not blame Otto for
the pain her parents suffered.

Similar intent to vilify remains to this day, just in different forms, between
different groups and individuals. From squabbling neighbours, to civil wars
and beyond. Denying such bias and prejudice exists, does not help anyone to
deal with it, nor accept any "common ground" when the facts refuse to be
acknowledged. There can be no acceptance nor tolerance nor peaceful solution,
when there is no thinking.

I have heard many people declare they are “not racist”, immediately before
they say something that is offensively racist. But I know it is _instinctive_
to react negatively to “foreign” people - people of different culture,
background, colour, language, religious belief.... you name it - anything
alien and unfamiliar will suffice! Typically, people try to justify their
irrational emotions with false facts. Or maybe, selective facts:  
Hitler was a Nazi. So all Germans must be Nazis. Except that, maybe 10% were
fervent supporters and the rest subjugated by fear.  
Apartheid South Africa was ruled by whites. So all White South Africans must
be racists. Except that more than 2/3 voted to end minority racist rule.  
Ireland (the Republic) is mostly Roman Catholic, so LGBT will surely be
crushed underground. And then the country surprises the WORLD with a
referendum that approves and accepts gay marriage.  
And so on...

It _requires_ conscious thought and decision making to overcome such gut-
instinct - and the facts are usually there, only a google search and a few
minutes reading away, for those that want to know (and lucky enough to have
such access). But until the human race learns to think, the name-calling,
mistrust, and wars, will continue.

In this day and age, education should be teaching us to be open-minded about
others, treating all as individuals, not blindly accepting indoctrination that
puts all the blame on “them”. Did Hitler and the Nazis not teach us _anything_
about that? (I’m alluding to the Nazi opinion of Jews.) I mean, education
should be teaching us to think independently about anything and everything.
Not “inform” us of the “right” thoughts to have, and expect everyone to
blindly accept that the present way, is the best way. It doesn't stop in the
classroom - we all need to think carefully about "media influence" too. The
battle to control the mindless masses is continuous. "1984" here we come...

Time and time again, I hear people insisting that our problems are because of
“them”. Whatever the problem, it is "their" fault. Be it foreign migrants,
Muslims, Roman Catholics, drug addiction, racial profiling, whatever. And all
of it sickens me, because it all demonstrates the mindlessness of the people
saying it.

Our problems are because of _ourselves_. Because it is human nature to blame
someone else, than be self-critical, and accept actual facts, that might point
the finger at our own failings. The gang wars and shootings over "territory"
are not because of the gangs, but because of the people whose demand for drugs
has made it a territorial market worth fighting for (as one random example,
and by no means the only one). But it is far more convenient to have self-
belief, and select the facts that prove it is all “their” fault, and not our
own.

I didn’t want to derail the romance story with this preaching lecture about
prejudice and human nature. Hence it is here, in an epilogue, where I hope you
might rediscover this story to be as insightful and thought-provoking and
perhaps educational, as it is emotional, and (hopefully) romantically tear-
jerking.

It _is_ just Romeo and Juliet all over again.  
Proving that _people never change_, no matter how much times may change. Back
then it was Capulet versus Montague. Today, it is IS versus the infidel. Or
"well meaning" Christians versus LGBT. Or Ukraine tearing itself apart, helped
along by "external influences". Or genocide in Rwanda...  
People never change.  
Shakespeare figured it out. As have many others, I’m sure. I’m just re-
inventing his well-known, _iconic_, wheel. And hoping that sharing this may
give greater insight to others.

