### Him and I pt.3 by NyanFrosting

**Date Added:** 2015-12-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** No more words were said between us, so I decided to just leave. I walked towards the door, but just before I opened it, the feeling of Morgans breath tingled in my neck. I turned around and there he was, not even a feet away from me. My heart doubled it's previous speed when his intense look cut dee 

* * *

We haven't talked for days. I know it's for the best, I don't want to get
messed up with Colin. Nothing good could come with it, not possibly. I'm
better off without the little shithead anyways.

I sat down at the lunch table, surrounded by my friends. As I picked up my
fork filled with rice I noticed Colin, placing his tray on a table right
opposite of ours. His body got right between Lucas and Devon's head, giving me
a clear view. His curly hair was all messed up, not as styled as it usually
is. He was sitting alone, looked around the cafeteria eating in silence. For a
moment too long I got stuck, staring at him. Either Colin didn't notice me or
just decided to ignore me. Whatever, it's not like I care anyways.

''Hey, what are you looking at?''I suddenly heard John's voice in my ear that
snapped me back to reality. I turned my head and met his face, he looked very
serious.

''Nothing, my eyes just got stuck.''I slurred out, in a voice so blurry I
couldn't even convince myself.

''Whatever you say.''John said, sighed and looked away. The guys then
continued their heartless topics, and I stayed fairly silent.

*

I sat down at a table and started eating, all alone as usual. I'm at my best
when I'm alone, that's for sure. Sometimes I think I make progress, sometimes
someone smiles at me in the hallway. Sometimes I get paired up with a nice
person in school projects and we get to talking, but somehow I end up eating
lunch alone. Most of the time it's like I don't exist. But I don't mind, my
thoughts are entertaining enough.

I poked around in the food, didn't feel too hungry. After a while I felt eyes
tickling my body, someone was looking at me. I swinged my head around to see
who it was, then my eyes locked together with a pair of green ones. Morgan was
staring at me. I had thought he was looking before, but I avoided his glare as
well as I could. Now, he was definitely staring into my eyes, I looked into
his. He hasn't bullied me for days, ever since it happened. In fact Morgan
hasn't talked to me at all. We were supposed to just ignore what happened, go
on with our lives. It seemed so easy, but was hard. At least for me, he has
probably already forgotten about it. But now we were here, staring into each
others eyes, spoke silent words between them.

None of his friends noticed, they were too busy listening to each other brag
about all the chicks they supposedly banged last weekend. Then one of them
gave Morgan a nudge in the shoulder, and our eye contact broke. I quickly
looked down in my food again, hid the grin that had grown on my lips. I know
it wasn't much, but there was something so thrilling about it. The tension
created between us, it made my heart race. God, what is wrong with me? Am I
seriously developing feelings for the guy who has bullied me for years? This
must count as some version of Stockholm Syndrome. I need help.

*

The bathroom seemed empty, it was so quiet. I did what I needed, then washed
my hands. Standing there surrounded by the dusty blue interior, I examined my
face. Went up and down my pale face, watched every shade of green in my eyes.
I didn't like what I saw. The appearance not necesarrily, just what I
represented. That bully that doesn't really have friends, just people I don't
bully. That guy who fails all classes just because he ''doesn't care''. That
guy who pushed every person he ever liked away. That heartless guy without
feelings.

As the thoughts entered my mind I suddenly felt unclean, so I splashed cold
water onto my face. As I did someone walked in, so I quickly blinked away the
droplets covering my seight, dried my face off with my shirt. And of course,
who else could it possibly be. Colin, walked in with a very innocent face, let
his blue eyes sweep up and down my body. He looked curious, as if he was
trying to figure out what I did, like it wasn't obvious. We didn't say a word,
he just went to wash his hands. The running water was the only sound here. But
I couldn't see myself to leaving, I just stood there. No direct looks at each
other, just occasional moments of eye contact in the mirror. I looked into the
mirror, saw Colins eyes go down to the water stain on my shirt. He stayed
there for a while, a playful smirk grew on his face.

''They have paper towels here you know.''He said and once again met my eyes in
the mirror. It's the first words spoken to one another in days. I know I
shouldn't answer, it wouldn't lead to anything good. But I couldn't help it,
the words were already spilling out of my mouth.

''Don't you think I know that, asshole?''I said mockingly, looked at him
directly this time.''Why do you give a shit anyways?''Colin didn't change his
look, just kept neutral.

''I don't. Just thought you should know.''He said, shrugged his shoulders and
grabbed a paper towel for himself.

*

''Want one?''I said towards Morgan, drying off my hands with the paper towel.
I know it was stupid mocking him this way, but I wasn't afraid of him for some
reason. I don't have too much to lose anyways. Morgan just sighed, rolled his
eyes a couple of times. This was the first time we had spoken to each other
since I went to his house. Without waiting for his answer I handed him a few
so he could try to try the stain on his shirt. He hesitated but ended up
grabbing them, and the tip of his fingers touched mine. Still, not much but
still so thrilling. Morgan tried drying the stain, then threw away the
crumbled up paper on the floor. His face looked as it usually does, in a
relaxed irritated mode.

No more words were said between us, so I decided to just leave. I walked
towards the door, but just before I opened it, the feeling of Morgans breath
tingled in my neck. I turned around and there he was, not even a feet away
from me. My heart doubled it's previous speed when his intense look cut deeply
into my eyes. I hoped so badly he was doing what I thought he was, I just
wanted our lips to touch again. And he pushed me against the wall, not as hard
as when he pushed me into the lockers. He held me still like I would run away
from this. Morgans face slowly moved closer to mine, I closed my eyes, was
ready for it.

*

I was no longer in control of myself, something had caught onto me. Here I was
again, just as the other day, nearing up to Colin with him pushed against a
wall. I couldn't help it, the temptation was to strong. His heated breath
warmed up my cheeks as I shut my eyes, ready for what I've been wanting to do
for long. It was impossible denying just how much I wanted this to happen. But
just as our lips were so close a finger couldn't even fit between, the door
opened, and I immediately backed up. Colin looked so scared, but I couldn't
break my face down.

The guy who ha walked in was Lucas, and he noticed how we were standing. Just
out of reflex I lifted Colin up against the wall, then pushed him hard once
and let him fall. I didn't do it too hard, I suddenly cared about him hurting.
I put on a mad face, pointed my finger close to him.

''And don't ever fucking spill water on me again.''Was the only thing I could
come up with. Everything was like gone in my head before I remembered the
slightly damp stain. Before Lucas or Colin got to say anything I left, slammed
the door loudly and walked away. It was for the better, I shoudn't have
started it from the beginning. It was stupid. Wrong. It was good Lucas walked
in, I was about to commit a huge mistake. Again. What have I gotten myself
into?

