### Comfortably curvy by JamesRTickit

**Date Added:** 2016-01-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

I have a new neighbour a few houses along the street. She is exceptional, I
stopped dead in my tracks the first time I saw her. She is shapely, she is
curvy, she is not a stick thin model. When I first spoke to her I told her she
was lovely, but no she wasn't. She liked wearing comfortable clothes, all her
measurements were too big, no one would dream of her as an ideal.I told her to
me she was ideal, I said I was very taken with her and her personality simply
added to the attraction. She laughed at me and waved good bye.

Sometimes I saw her and said hello, sometimes we would be walking to the shops
and I would speed up to join her. I wasn't stalking but very pleased to see
her when I did.

We got to the summer and for a few weeks it was unbelievable hot, times when
you forget you are English. I had to go out early one day to avoid the heat
and saw hr up ahead of me. She smiled but looked very unhappy with things. I
asked what was the matter. My flat doesn't have any way of cooling, too many
windows, no shade from trees it is simply a furnace. The solution is simple -
come and visit me, I have shade I have a garden which is tree lined, I have a
gazebo which I just about live under. My house is your house.So generous.
Delighted, rushed to accept my offer? No. Thanks and she would bear it in
mind. I smelled my armpits after she left, there is something wrong with me
that's for sure.

So later that afternoon I am sitting under my gazebo, sheltering enjoying the
little breeze that comes. I am wearing shorts and flip flops. If my neighbours
were just a bit further away it would only be the flip flops but one must be
properly presented, not waving your waggly bits around. I hear a woman's voice
and round the corner comes my new-ish neighbour. I invite her into the cool.
Just walking down the road has left her with damp patches and sweating. Could
she make use of my offer. Of course.

She had arrived wearing a tee shirt and shorts with sandals, even with those
few items she was overdressed for the day. Did she not have a swimming costume
or a bikini or a kaftan, something cool? No her summer wardrobe catered for
normal English weather not freak hot weather heading above 30 degrees. I did
the host thing, a chair, drinks. food, though hardly anyone ate anymore. We
sat and chatted and I was cool but she wasn't, still too hot. I suggested a
shower, she could not possibly bother me. We English have to do things by the
book. Why did she not take off her tee shirt and her shorts, I could see she
was wearing bra and panties. Oh no, she could not.

Another half hour and she was positively wilting, my garden was cool so I have
no idea how she coped with her own hot hot flat. She had had enough. She stood
and took off her tee shirt and the shorts. She stood in a simple bra and pants
set, made of cotton and designed for comfort. To me she looked perfect. Within
half an hour she had cooled down to a level she could cope with. She had
sweated and the marks showed on her scant clothing.

I foolishly told her how gorgeous she looked to me. No she would not entertain
any notion that she was gorgeous. She was curvy, she was comfortable, she was
too big, all the things she had said previously. Who told you all this
nonsense I asked her, getting steamed up, it is a load of twaddle. You are
fabulous, you look marvelous, you have a great personality. You are very very
fancy-able. She looked at me like I was joking. I looked at her like I was
serious. She sat and stared at me.

Pointless to say any more. She could not see the beauty that I saw.

"It is too hot to go out on a date, but would you let me make a salad up we
can eat out here?" I looked at her. "Did you say date?" She nodded. "We can
stand by the freezer section of the fridge and slice the lettuce together. And
as the weather cooled, the ardour heated.

