### Him and I pt.4 by NyanFrosting

**Date Added:** 2016-01-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** I knew he would do it. I just knew it. There was a connection between us, it's like it was meant to be. When he connected our lips it's like they melted perfectly together, and our tongues danced in perfect harmony. 

* * *

He almost kissed me. He almost kissed me again, but stopped himself with his
face less than an inch away from mine. I replayed the moment over and over, I
could barely concentrate in class. But mostly because _he _was there. Morgan,
sitting just 2 seats in front of me. I know I was only hurting myself but I
couldn't help crushing so badly on him. And he did try to kiss me yesterday,
which must mean he feel some kind of attraction. Or maybe I'm just screwing
with myself, which is definitely more likely.

I wanted to talk to him after class. I _needed _to talk to him. If just to get
dissapointed one last time so I can get closure, then so be it. But my brain
really isn't in charge anymore, the butterflies in my stomach has taken over.
I don't really know where to find him though. I couldn't really go behind
school where all the others like him hung out, I would get beaten up just
walking near that place. But still I needed to find him, I just didn't know
where.

And just as that thought entered my mind there was someone taking my hand and
dragging me away from the yard where I was currently standing.

*

Colin jumped of terror when I grabbed his hand and started pulling him towards
a secret place of mine. Just behind a dumpster where noone ever was, it was
perfect. I just needed to talk some sense into him, and I didn't want anyone
to see it.

''You want to talk about what happened yesterday?''Colin crossed his arms,
waited patiently for me to answer. The nerve this little shit has is bigger
than I can handle.

I cleared my throat.''A mistake. Agan. What the fuck did you think it was?''My
lie shone right through and Colin could see it. At this point it has gotten so
much more difficult lying or acting cocky around him, it's like he's making me
weak. The asshole.

''So you just slipped, but managed to stop yourself less then an inch away
from my face? Or did you possibly, actually want to kiss me?''He smirked and
rage bubbled inside of me. I took a deep breath and sighed it out. Colins hair
was styled again today, with a flowery smell to it. Everytime a breeze flies
by a wave of it gets into my nostrils and satisfies my sense of smell. His
eyes were glimmering in the sun, it's hard not admitting how good he looks.

''Could it be possible, that Morgan Waters, actually _wanted _to kiss me? That
he wanted to feel my lips against his, feel the attraction he deep inside
knows we have?''Colin just rambled on, and I bit my lip resisting the
temptation. This little shit sure knows how to push all of my buttons.

He walked closer, looked up at me. His heated, minty breath warmed up my face,
I exhaled loudly again. I continued biting my lip, refusing to give in. I
shouldn't. It's wrong, a mistake. But he's making it so hard for me. But I
can't, it's him. But... Shit.

Colin whispered''You know you want to. You know you like me. Maybe you act all
tough and shit, but if you really think you are: You initiated both our
kisses. Or one and a half I guess, since you pussied out on the second one.
That doesn't make you seem so fucking tough does it now?''Colin was glaring
deeply into my soul, so close our faces would touch at any moment. Fuck it.
Noone's here, I give up.

I pushed his body a bit too hard against the dumpster making it slam loudly,
held his wrists against the green steel. He seemed scared for a second but
when I neared up my face and pulled him into a fast and passionate kiss, he
practically melted.

*

I knew he would do it. I just knew it. There was a connection between us, it's
like it was meant to be. When he connected our lips it's like they melted
perfectly together, and our tongues danced in perfect harmony. There was a war
between who was going to take control, but I easily gave in and let Morgans
tongue lead, making it even better. I couldn't do anything _but _kiss him,
since he had me stuck holding my wrists against the dumpster. But it's not
like I was complaining, this is exactly what I wanted. Him and I, it's perfect
sense. From everyone elses vision we may be complete opposites, and hating
each other but the truth is this is what we're meant to be doing. Being loving
towards each other.

Morgan stopped for breath, bit his lip very sensually whilst doing so. A
mischievious grin grew on my face as I thought about what is happening right
now. Just what I wanted.

''You're making this so hard for me.''Morgan said and released his grip of my
wrists, declaring that the kiss was over.''I've never done anything like this,
never felt like this.''He sat down on the ground, nodded for me to do the
same. I did, carefully placing myself as close as possible to him.

I locked eyes with him.''Done what? Kissed a boy, kissed anyone?''I teased but
he just sighed in response.

''No, broke down like this. Gone _weak, _just losing it. You bring it out of
me you little shit.''He shrugged up my hair and I could barely believe what I
was hearing. Was Morgan actually being... Friendly?

I smiled, glanced shyly at him. Then I realized the situation I was in.''What
is this exactly? Because I sense you're not really going to go public with
whatever this is.''I sighed.

Morgan put his arm around me, almost making me forget what I was saying.''I
guess you're sensing right. I'm not, my dad's going to kill me. Not just throw
me out, he'll probably _literally _fucking kill me. He's a scary dude.''Morgan
leaned against the dumpster. I felt bad for him.

''It's alright.''I comforted, ignoring the potential hell I'm about to give
myself into.''You don't have to tell him. You don't even have to tell
anyone.''The words stung of probably not ever going public, but that I will
worry about later.''I just need one question answered: do you actually like
me? Or am I just some sort of boy-toy?''

*

I rolled my eyes in search of answers, I didn't know what to say. I mean I
did, but something felt so incredibly wrong telling him about it. Admitting it
would make me weak. Ah whatever, he wouldn't tell a soul.

''I do like you. There, I even fucking admitted it. You're changing me, little
shit.''I grinned and Colin smiled back. There was such a mix of feelings
inside right now. Keeping this a secret would be so hard, since all I ever
wanted to do was touch him and be around him. And I'd be watching my friends
probably bully him, and if I protected him they would think I was weird. Maybe
this was set to be doomed, but that's something I'll worry about later.

I interrupted my own thoughts and met eyes with Colin, staring wantingly at
me. Well, I guess there's no need to hold back now.

I cupped his chin with my hand and pulled him closer, into a kiss softer than
the others, more gentle. Still the best ever though.

