### The Bad Deal by R.J.Richards

**Date Added:** 2013-02-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** We've all made deals that went sour. This is a first person accusation of one who made such a deal. 

* * *

The Bad Deal

The whole deal went sour, and had you put any thought into it, you would have
known it almost from the beginning.

Everyone knew it would happen at any day. Some expected it sooner, so you
shouldn't have been so surprised and disgusted when it did go bad.

Of course you got away with it that first day, and you thought all was well if
you even bothered to put any thought into it at all. It wasn't until the third
day when it started to go sour, but even then you didn't do anything about it.
You even told the others not to worry and that it would be all right. Were you
in denial, or did you really think that everything would still turn out okay?

"Just one more day," you said, each morning of the week, and now look what
happened. You of all people should have known better, and now you have no one
to blame but yourself.

I know you're standing there thinking of all the time and effort that went
into it, not to mention the expense. Don't forget the disappointment either.
Remember how sure you were that everything would work out?

One of the biggest problems is that it not only affects you, but it has a
tremendous impact on the others in your family as well. Everyone was expecting
it to be there, counting on it in fact, even you and now it's simply gone.
Can't you see the disappointment and anger in their faces?

"What are you going to say to them? What is done is done? What good will that
do? You needed it and so did they, and because you weren't careful it's not
there. Sometimes being sorry doesn't cut it. Isn't that what you've told your
children time and time again?

You know now that the deal stinks and standing there looking disgusted won't
help matters any. It certainly won't do anything to placate those around you.
Too bad you didn't think about what could have gone wrong earlier.

I suppose your only consolation at this point is knowing that you're not the
only one whose been duped. It's happened many times before and will certainly
happen again. There's always someone around who hasn't learned the lesson and
are doomed to repeat your mistake.

"What a waste," you say? What makes you think that will make anybody feel any
better, to know that you now realize the thing went south? Saying it's nothing
but a waste won't help you at all, and it won't do anything to avert their
accusing eyes either.

No. You're just stuck there mumbling to yourself. Oh sure, you could start
over. In fact, in spite of everything, you will for you have no choice. Of
course, you know that if you do it right, it will help you in the future. Even
so, it still won't help you now because now is when you need it.

"Next time it will be different," you tell yourself. "Next time I will be more
careful and pay attention to what I'm doing."

You can tell yourself that, but in reality you know that any new deal could go
sour just as easily as this one did.

Yeah, you can look suspiciously around at the others and think that perhaps
someone else had their fingers in it and helped the deal go bad. But deep down
inside, you know that it was ultimately your fault.

After all, it was you who made the deal. It was you who purchased it and
therefore, it was you alone who was responsible. You know you should have
checked it out more closely. You were the one who should have made sure you
weren't getting ripped off. Besides, wasn't it you who told your spouse not to
worry about it and that you would take care of it?

Your family had confidence in you and trusted you to do the right thing. They
depended on you to come through for them, and now you've let them all down
with your incompetence. You know you could have asked for advice before hand.
You could have even let someone else look it over for you, but no. You thought
you knew what you were doing and didn't want anyone's help.

What is wrong with you? Are you so egotistical that you can't ask for help,
particularly with something as important as this? Just think about that while
you look at the disappointed faces around you.

At least there won't be any police knocking at your door. So I suppose it
could be worse. There won't even be any record of your mistake anywhere, and
you can at least be thankful for that. In fact, the only ones who will ever
know about your mistake are those of your family and any guests that you may
have lurking about your home. That is as long as everyone remembers to keep
their mouth shut.

You shouldn't worry about those you made the deal with either. They certainly
won't tell anyone, even if they did know your deal went bad. In all likelihood
though, they don't. People like that make so many deals every day, they
couldn't possibly remember a single transaction. No matter how bad it was.

At any rate, here you are, with your family all around you, holding their
coffee cups or bowls full of cereal, and there's nothing left for you to do
but dump the spoiled milk out in the sink. What are you going to tell them?
Put water on their cereal?

Next time, just check the date on the milk before you buy it okay?

