### Wrong Turn! by Pablito

**Date Added:** 2013-02-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A pastor goes to bless a grave and didn't realized what he did! 

* * *

I was a deacon to a parish and had to review many newly ordained pastors. Many
had interesting stories to tell on their first assignment to this one country
mission. One story I will always remember was the story of young Pastor John.
He was a bit shy but not nervous in meeting the people in the area. I had sent
him on a lonely county road to bless a burial site before the deceased was
buried. Well Pastor John, young and eager got up early that morning. It was
somewhat of a foggy day, but he decided to brave it as he took to the road.
However he had took a wrong turn on this one mountain road. He asked the
locals about the location of the cemetery. There were a couple of different
miss instructions but Pastor John carried on. After driving for a while he saw
a large open area that he presumed was the old cemetery. A dangling sign
hanging at the entrance but was unreadable to him in the fog. He drove closer,
discovering two men at a distance with shovels. He immediately thought that
this was the place and they seemed to be digging a grave. Pastor John
approached the men and inquired if this was the grave site for the funeral
that would take place the next day. Unfortunately both men were of Mexican
decent and couldn’t speak a word of English. However they nodded to his
questions and he understood what was meant by “si”. Pastor John went around
the area and began to sprinkle holy water around the grave. The men seeing
this decided to take a break and let Pastor John do his work. Pastor John
continued. He said a few more prayers and smiled to the men as they too were
blessing themselves when Pastor John did. When Pastor John was done, he
thanked the men and left. Then the men spoke to each other as Pastor John
drove away.

“Miguel, have you ever seen such crap?”

Then the other laughed and laughed and finally stopped.

“No Jose, not even in Mexico. All we’re doing is installing _a stinking sewer_
in the hole!”

The other man responded,

“There must be some holy shit that’s going into there!”

Said the other Mexican man to the other, "Ameri kanos..what will they think of
next!?"

* * *

