### FML!- S.2, Ep. 8- Do You Remember? by AJ

**Date Added:** 2013-02-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Chuck can't remember anything from the party since he accidentally had roofies that night. But even though he doesn't remember , doesn't mean everyone else forgot. 

* * *

FML!

Season 2 Episode 8 Do You Remember?

Today was worse than other days. This past week has been more hell than my
usual life. I got so drunk from that party last week that I made a fool of
myself that night. The day after the party a rumor went around that roofies
went around at the party. That must be the reason why I can’t remember shit.
For the past week Jessica’s been giving me the silent treatment & I can’t
remember why. Plus since I slightly bruised the rear of Roman’s car that
night, which I also don’t remember, he made me his bitch for the week. Mom &
dad thought it was a fair punishment. At least today was my last day. Roman
entered my room & held a pair of underwear in his hands.

“Wash these,” he said with a smirk, “They’re from that night we had Indian
food. Boy did I destroy those pants. Ha! And I mean handwash them.” He threw
his underwear & it landed on my head.

_I need to die._

I was the 1st person Bert saw that morning. I was at Roman’s old Locker
drawing his figure with graffiti. He wanted his “legacy” to be at the school
where he once ruled.

“What are you doing?” Bert asked.

“Marking Roman’s territory.”

“Ah,” he laughed. “That being his bitch thing is still happening.”

“Yup.”

“Sucks.”

“It’s my last day. I have bigger problems.”

“I know. Jess.”

“Not just that but Mr. Reed’s been smiling all week & telling me ‘catch ya
later’. I definitely had roofies that night.”

“It’s not your fault you drunk the date rape drug.”

“Was I in your sigh all night?”

“Yes. Don’t worry your were safe. Until you go to jail.”

“I’m already in jail. After getting my stomach pumped my parents grounded me
for 2 weeks.”

“2 weeks? That’s nothing. It could’ve been worse.”

I finished Roman’s graffiti paining and sent him a picture. While I walked
with Bert I decided to try calling Jessica for the millionth time. I’d left
her a lot of voice messages. And it went to voicemail again, “Hey Jess, it’s
me Chucky, Your boyfriend. Who really, really, really, really, really cares
about you. So please call me back.” I hung up & sent an apology text.

“Whoa,” said Bert defensively. “You almost finished being Roman’s ass kisser.
Keep it up & you’ll be Jessica’s too.”

“I don’t care. I just want her to talk to me.”

“Try to think of something else for the rest of the day. We’ll visit her at
work later.”

“I’m grounded.”

“We’ll skip 9th period”

“Okay but I can’t get caught.”

So I anticipated the end of the day. But the closest I got a break was lunch.
I couldn’t even enjoy all of it because I spent the first have off lunch
cleaning the graffiti the principal found.

Michelle was staring at me when I got back. She was talking to her boyfriend
David.

* * *

“Stop staring at him,” said David.

“I can’t. He’s so….beautiful.”

“So this whole relationship is a lie?”

“Ugh! You’re a broken record. Yes. I told you at the party. Let me break it
down. First I only made out with Bert at the dance so that I could make Chucky
jealous. But Bert dumped me so I dated you so that I could fool Chucky into
thinking iwas over him & he would let his guard down. That way I could still
stalk him.”

“Well your plan is foiled because this relationship is over. I’m dumping you.”
He furiously left & she smiled & waved goodbye.

She didn’t care.

* * *

She stood up & approached me. I was still holding windex & paper towels.

“Chucky. Boy you are looking good. We haven’t talked about the party.”

“What?”

“You came over to me, told me that you loved me & that we’d be together. In
face I just dumped David for you.” She lied.

“Oh. I’m so sorry Michelle,” I apologized, “I had roofies & I didn’t mean
anything I said. I don’t love you nor want to be together.” I was harsh but I
didn’t need anymore drama. Speaking of, I couldn’t take this silent treatment
anymore so I called Jess again but her voicemail was full. What did I do that
night? Then Mr. Reed walked across the cafeteria & winked at me. What the hell
did I do that night?!?!?!?!?!?

During the 9th period Bert & I skipped class. I picked up Roman’s dry cleaning
& then went to the ice cream parlor. I told Bert to wait outside & hold the
clothes. Before I went inside she came outside finishing her shift. She sucked
her teeth at the sight of me & turned.

“Jess please. I’m sorry. Please hear me out. I was drunk and-”

“I’m surprised you called me by my name,” she was angry. “Last week on the
phone you called me a bitch!”

“Jess I was drunk & someone brought roofies to the party!”

“Oh and you said you didn’t like me! If you want to break up, tell me!”

“I don’t. Jess I didn’t mean it.”

“Did you mean it when you told me to suck your balls?! I deserve to be
respected Chucky! I’m not some cheap skank or booty call!”

“I respect you. I do.”

“Apparently not. I can’t deal with this now, I have stuff to do.” She got in
her car. Before she drove off she said to me, “I’m really disappointed in
you.” I was disappointed in myself. I degraded my girlfriend & might have
destroyed my relationship.

__

I went back to school miserable. I will never drink again. I sat outside & sat
in my own pity.

“Bro be optimistic,” Bert tried to cheer me up.

“I just need a few minutes to think…alone.” Bert pitted my shoulder & went
inside. I just need a few moments of silence to think of how much of an idiot
I was. Some peace and quiet. The bell ran & the students ran our like a herd.
So much for peace and quiet.

After the herd stomped out I decided I should go home too. I felt a tap on my
shoulder. _Now what? _ It was Mr. Reed

“Hey champ,” he smiled, “I got us tickets to the baseball game today.”

“Why? I’m not up for a game…with you.”

“Common. Last week when you were at that party you told me we should spend
more time together.”  
_FUUUUUCK! _ I couldn’t make him waste his money. This game was really
important. He went all out. He got us baseball caps, hot dogs, & t-shirts.,
but I still didn’t even know what teams were playing. Not that I cared. I was
too preoccupied with my thoughts.

I called her again. This time she picked up. I hope this was a good sign.

“Jess please, please, please, please,” I didn’t know why but all I could say
was “please.”

“Chucky,” she sympathisized, “I’ve cooled down. Let’s talk about it tomorrow.”

“Okay. Thank you.” She hung up & I was a little relieved. So I went back to
the game. Mr. Reed was having a great time. I still wasn’t.

“Isn’t this fun?” He was estatic.

“No. I don’t want to be here. I only said. I would hang out with you because I
was drunk and fucked up from roofies.”

“Oh,” he frowned, “I see. I won’t bother you after today.”

I visibly hurt his feelings. And after my day I couldn’t go around hurting
more feelings.

“I’m sorry,” I said, “I’m just crabby sometimes. I don’t mind hanging our with
you. I’m having a good time.”

He smiled, “It’s okay. Let’s enjoy the rest of the game.”

And I kinda did. But me and him hanging out was a one time thing.

The game was actually pretty good. I almost caught a ball too!

But it went headfirst into my forehead. FML.

