### FML!- S.2, Ep. 9- The Beginning Of The End by AJ

**Date Added:** 2013-02-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When the roofie culprit is revealed, things go awry. Chuck does something he should have done a long time ago. 

* * *

FML!

Season 2 Episode 9 The Beginning Of The End

Today I was going to see Jess at the ice cream parlor. Right now I was at the
bathroom of my house. I needed to borrow some make-up from mom. Since I got
hit by that baseball I got a huge bump on my forehead. So I was trying to see
if some make-up would cover it up. Roman barged in the bathroom.

“Knock!” I yelled.

“Haha! Using mom’s make up? I gotta take a picture.”

_It was all over Facebook in an hour._

On a brighter note, Jessica & I were working things out. More like me kissing
her ass & her slightly warming up to me. I was still grounded but my parents
were oblivious to me because of their epic love triangle.

So I just snuck out while they talked.

“Guys,” said Ted after I left. They were in the kitchen preparing a special
lunch. “I have some news I want to tell you later.”

My parents smiled, “Okay.”

Around 1:00 o’clock is when I got to Cream Pie. I waited for her for a half
hour. It was a good Saturday for making up. We sat down.

“Jess,” I begged, “Please tell me that you forgive me. I’ve been kissing your
ass so much that I can taste shit.”

“That was an awful joke. And yes I do forgive you. But you’re on thin ice &
there are some new rules. I’m not your bitch. So don’t ever, ever call me that
again. Or it’s over. And I’m not a whore so don’t ever tell me to suck your
balls again.”

“I swear that won’t happen. I only said those things because someone brought
roofies to the party. My drink got spiked.”

“Okay. Let’s just put this behind us. Even though I still think it’s shocking
that someone brought a date rape drug to a high school party. Who would do
that? It’s seriously dangerous.”

“I know but it’s behind us now.” _Thank God._

She smirked, “Okay. Now get me some ice cream bitch.”

I laughed at her joke. She said, “I’m not joking.”

“Oh,” so what if she called me her bitch? I wouldn’t want to be anyone else’s
bitch. While I paid for the ice cream, Bert called. I picked up, “Yo.”

“Hey Chuck. I’m at cheer practice right now & the girls are talking about the
party. Apparently only 1 person brought roofies. And it was for a specific
target.” I had roofies that night. Was I a target & from who?

“Bert,” I said, “If you hear anything else text me!”

“No prob. And don’t forget, SCHOOL SPIRIT!” I hung up. Bert was really getting
into winning nationals next month.

* * * 

At home my parents and Mr. Reed were eating lunch. A nice lunch they prepared
themselves.

“Bob, Linda,” Mr. Reed said, “You guys make life worth living. When I come
home from work to see you, it’s the best part of my day.”

“Ours too,” said Dad.

“Good. Because here’s my news: I’m in love with you. Out of all the couples
I’ve dated, you two are the best. Please tell me you feel the same way.”

“I do,” said Dad happily. They both looked at mom who seemed puzzled.

“Linda,” said Mr. Reed, “Are you in love with me?”

“Uh,” she hesitated, “I guess. Yes.” **She was unsure** but she played along.

* * * 

On the other hand Jess & I were eating ice cream & walking at the park. While
walking I noticed something that I hadn’t seen since January. It was Michelle
hiding in the bushes. Watching me. _Was she stalking me again now that her
relationship was over? _At that moment I got a text from Bert that read : “IK
who brought roofies to the party. It was Michelle.”

I should’ve known. She must’ve been crazy for me this whole time & she tried
to drug me too!

Jess saw me staring at the bush despising Michelle. She looked and the bush
and Michelle’s head went back under the bush.

“Was that Michelle?!” She was angry. I was too. I couldn’t answer. “Chuck,
answer me!” I Still didn’t answer. “Now!”

“Yes!” I yelled back.

“Don’t yell at me!”

“Ugh.”

“Why is she still stalking you? I thought she moved on!”

“She did or I thought she did. I just found out that she was the one who
brought the roofies.”  
“Oh my gosh. She’s a crazy bitch!”

“I know. Just calm down. We can go back to ignoring her.”

“No. Chuck! No! she drugged you! There’s something wrong with a guy who lets
his stalker ruin his life & doesn’t do anything about it.” I was silent. My
temper was rising. “Say something!!!!”

“Shut the fuck up!!!” That was one of the biggest mistakes I ever made. She
dropped her ice cream.

“Screw you Chucky,” she said as she left. I threw mine on the floor too.
Michelle popped out of the bush & ran to me.

“Chucky!” she tried to kiss me but I pushed her away. “I understand. But look
how close we are to being together.”

“Stop Michelle. Just stop.” I ran out of the park. I couldn’t handle it
anymore. Jessica was right. I’ve been letting Michelle take my life for too
long. I was running so fast.. to the nearest police station. It was time to
get Michelle out of my life. The place was full of hookers & crooks. Some
transvestites.

“How may I help you?” Asked the female officer

“I would like to get a restraining order.”

Next a transvestites in fishnets & handcuffs saw my head bump & said “Oo
sugar. Is your head pregnant?” FML.

