### FML!-S.2, Ep. 10- 99 Problems & a Bitch is 1 by AJ

**Date Added:** 2013-03-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Chuck gets into a dilemma which leads to vital talk with his girlfriend and some illegal activities. 

* * *

FML!

Season 2 Episode 10 99 Problems and a Bitch is 1

Today was not off to a good start. Me and my girlfriend are fighting, it’s
been a week since I filed a restraining order against Michelle & I was at
school rushing to a morning Video Club meeting. Of course I tripped on my
untied shoelace and dropped the camera. It was DESTROYED.

_Great, Now this._

I didn’t bother coming up with an excuse for the camera. I was sure I would be
kicked out of the club. But the leader, Ned, told me “This camera costs $400
dollars. Whether you quit or not we need the money so have it by the end of
the day.”

“$400 by the end of the day?!”

“Yes. I’ll be after school very late so you can find me here. And if you still
want credit for this club then you have to film next week’s cheerleading
Nationals.”

“Why?”  
“You only filmed one event this whole year: a pep rally. You’ll need to do
more stuff for credit. Capisce?”

“Capisce.” How the hell was I going to make $400 dollars by the end of the
day. I was so desperate for cash. I figured that I probably had $100 dollars
in my piggy bank. And I could get another $100 from my parents. But I would
still need $200 more. Ideas.

From down the hallway, I could see Michelle staring at me madly at me. She was
60 feet away from me for the rest of my life.

She was still creepy. I left her sight. But while I was gone Bert saw her &
talked to her.

* * *

“You’re creepy,” he said.

“I can’t believe I can’t be with him. All that progress.”

“You have no one but yourself to blame.”

He went to the bathroom where I was splashing water on my face.

“You okay buddy?”

“Unless you have an extra $200 you can give me, a fixed relationship, or
normal parents with a normal love life then no.”

“$200?!”

“I broke the video club camera. I need about $200 more.”

“Well if you really need it. I know a guy downtown who would pay a bit, maybe
100, if you drive his van a few places.”

“I can’t drive.”

“If you need the money, you will today.” He wrote down and address.

“I still need $100 more.”

“Well lucky you. I heard the owner of Cream Pie needs someone to fix some
stuff & clean around for a day job.”

“I can’t work with my girlfriend. We’ve been fighting. We hate each other.’

“Then why are you together?” That’s a question that not even I could answer.
“IF you need the money, you’ll do it.” I did need the money. Even if it meant
working with my girlfriend from hell.

We left the bathroom & ate outside for lunch.

“You’re coming to nationals right?”

“Not just that. I’m also filming it.

“Make sure you get my good side.”

“You’ve been hanging out with cheerleaders too much.”

“I have. I have.” Suddenly we heard chanting & a circle for between 2 girls.
It was some ghetto girl & Christianiana. She had been acting out a little bit
since the break-up.

“Whateva honey. You juss mad because you washed up,” said the ghetto girl.

“Or because you’re a sinner. People like you used to be stoned.”

“And now we get boned. Am I right gurls?” They cheered in agreement. “You just
a prude sweety. A booji prude.”

Christianiana closed her eyes & folder her hands in prayer. “Lord give me
strength.”

“That’s right. Pray to your little Jesus, hoe.”

She continued praying. “Give me strength and forgive me for what I am about to
do.” She stopped preying & said, “You’re ratchet.” The crowd went “oooh.”

“Oh I’m ratchet? I’m ratchet? Please Jesus believer, you don’t know me.”

“I know that you have a shoelace front.”

Everyone “oohed”ed and said “oh snap.”

“Okay Honey. You gon’ get yours!”

“Whateva’… hoe!” All hell broke loose.

“Hol’ me back gurls, hol me back!” A bunch of girsl held back the ghetto girl
& I ended up holding back Christianiana. The fight stopped & I let go of her.

“Your whole family is going to hell!” She aggressively yelled at me. She was
right. I was a dick lately, Roman’s a bigger dick, & my parents are violating
the sacrament of marriage. Speaking of, tonight they planned on meeting Mr.
Reeds’ parents. But I had bigger things to worry about. After school I went to
Cream pie & tried to talk to the manager. He was an Asian man.

“I pay you $70 to clean the gutters, filter the water machine & fix the ice
cream maker.”

“If you give me $100 I’ll help you do anything else too. Like behind the
counter selling or whatever.”

“Done.” He gave me an apron. I don’t know how to fix the ice cream maker or
filter the water machine. Jessica was there too. We barely spoke and mostly
gave eachother dirty looks. She didn’t even ask why I was working there. I
only spoke to her because I wasn’t able to figure out the filter.

“Can you help with the filter?” I unwillingly asked.

“She sucked her teeth & pushed me aside to fix it. She muttered, “I don’t know
why they would hire you to do this when I could’ve.”

“Well I needed the money,” I raised my tone. “It’s only for a day.”

“Thank god.” She fixed it.

“Are we going to talk about our problems?”

“You?”

“This relationship is a 2 way street.”

“Well I’m not sure if I want to drive it anymore.”

“Me either. But ii don’t wanna exit either.”

“I’m just waiting for a sign for us to stay together.”

I didn’t know what to say. So I didn’t say anything.

“Chuck say something,” she begged.

All I could say was, “can you fix the ice cream maker?”

She was disappointed and sighed. But she fixed it. For the rest of my time
there she & I didn’t talk & continued to give eachother looks. But not dirty
looks like at first. These looks were of disspappointment. I ended my day
there and got my $100. Now I just needed 100 more.

* * *

Meanwhile my parents had dinner with their boyfriend and his mother. It was at
a fancy restaurant.

“Mom,” Mr. reed smiled, “This is Bob & Linda. My lovers.” They grinned and
greeted her. His mom didn’t seem thrilled. She was about 70 and bridle.

“Teddy,” his mom said, “Why can’t you marry a nice girl? At this point even a
guy. I wouldn’t care, but both?”

“Mom! I love them and they love me. They’re a lovely couple.”

“I’m sure they are. But I bet their kids are fucked up.”

My parents looked at each other, “They are.”

“Listen” said his mom, “Rob & Hilda.”

“Bob & Linda,” corrected my mom.

“That’s what I said. But anyways, I get it. When I was young, I was wild. I
even dated a colored man. Oh, what a bull he was in the sac. You know who that
man was? Ted’s father.”

“What’s your point?” Asked mom.

“Marriage should be between a Man & woman, a man & man, or a woman and woman.
But not a man & a married couple.”

“Mom! Stop trying to break us up. We’re all happy. I feel like I’ve become
part of their family. I can’t wait for you to meet Roman & Chucky.”

“I want grandkids. Kids YOU raised. From blood! Or adoption! She then began to
babble on some unwelcomed offensive older generation things with a slur or
two.

“Mrs. Reed,” said Mom, “You’re being a bit loud & offensive.”  
“Who the hell are you? Where am I?”

“Oh,” Mr. Reed laughed, “There goes her Alzheimers.”

* * *

I was downtown at the door of sketchy apartment. I called Bert & asked him,
“How do you know this guy again?”

“Uh he kinda helped some guys on the football team.” The door opened & I hung
up. A bald guy wearing a sleeveless puffy jacked & tattoos opened the door.
_Putting all my faith in Bert if he trusts this guy._

“You the guy?”

“If you’re talking about the driving. Yes.” He gave me the money upfront. This
was great! I could pay for the camera now.

“By the way I’m not a good driver.” I said.

“I don’t care. Just don’t crash. I’ll navigate you.” It was getting dark. So I
got in this shady guy’s black van & he got in the passenger seat. But he
ducked down below the window.

“Uh. What are you doing?” I was a bit scared.

“I paid you already just drive.” So he directed me slowly and I drove
carefully. He began to make small talk with me.

“So how’s Roman?” he asked.

“You know my brother?”

“Yeah. I was the one that gave him “the juice.” ”

“You mean steroids?!” I was alarmed.

“Ssh!! There are cops all over this place.”

Then it hit me:

This guy was the guy that gave Roman the steroids last year which Roman gave
to the football team.

**He’s a drug dealer..**

And then I realized, **I’m driving a van..with drugs in the back!** FML.

