### FML!- S.2, Ep. 11- The Break-Up by AJ

**Date Added:** 2013-03-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** On the day of cheerleading nationals, it all goes down.. 

* * *

  

FEEDBACK! I just want to know if i should continued posting these. There is
some more to follow this series of _FML! _and it would be great to get some
feedback so I know that people are still reading these. Please give some
constructive criticism and/or feedback on whether or not you want more stories
because if not then I will make this the last one.

**\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------**

FML!

Season 2 Episode 11 The Break-Up

Today was the day of cheerleading Nationals. It was being held at Walker
University.. So that means I’m going to see Jess. Maybe not because she whas
no reason to go to the competition. But I had to be here to film it for video
club. I had to be really careful with the camera. Last thing I need is to pay
off another camera by working my girlfriend & driving a van full of drugs. It
was 8 am & the auditorium at Walker was already fill up. Ned, the nerdy leader
of video club, told me to go into one of the team’s locker rooms & video tape
the “energy”. I opened the locker room Ned assigned me to go to, hoping to see
some nude cheerleaders. And there were.

_It was an all-boys school._

Bert was in another locker room with his team. He was tying his shoes. The
captain came in to check on them.

“You guy’s ready? We have it in the bag,” she said.

“Actually,” said Bert, “I feel like a piece of furniture. All I do is hold you
girls up.”

“”That’s what male cheerleaders do.”

“But I want to be more of a star. I can bring talent to the competition. Real
star power.”

“Bert, let me list some things for you. Number 1, I is da top hoe in dis
joint. Number 2 There is no problem with you wanting more of a star role,
number 3 you didn’t have to wait until the day of the competition to say so.
It’s too late Bert. We have the gym from 9-12 so be a team player.”

“Let me prove that I can be a star.”

“What are we supposed to do? Change our routine so you can get 15 minutes of
fame?”

“Of course not. 5 minutes is enough.”

“No. My mind is made up.”

* * *

Roman was at school on a Saturday. He was called in by the head of the
yearbook at P.S. 69, his guidance counselor. Mr. Cornelius. Roman was already
in Saturday detention so the guidance counselor simply asked him to his
office.

“What do you want?” Roman asked carelessly.

“Well as head of the yearbook committee, which by the way come out next week,
we’ve noticed we don’t have a college to list under you picture. What college
are you going to?”

“I don’t know I have time to decide,” he looked at his nails.

“You do realize that graduation is 1 week away.”

“Graduation is in 4 years.”

“That was four years ago. High school eventually ends.”

“It doesn’t end in movies.”

Mr. Cornelius sighed, “So you don’t know what college you’re going to.”

“I’m sure my acceptance letters are late,” he continued not to make eye
contact as he felt his biceps.

“Let’s check your transcript,” he took out Roman’s file, “well of course you
have no colleges. No one will accept you. You failed all your classes and got
expelled at your last school for steroids. Which means you can’t graduate.”

“I can’t ?!” Now he looked up concerned & worried.

“You’re failing.”

“Shit.”

“You never pictured your future?”

“I did. I was planning on getting a football scholarship as the star player at
my old school. Then playing college football.”

“After college?”

“I dunno. NFL?”

“Well it’s too late,” he stood. “I’ll see you in summer school.”

* * *

Over at Walker University, I was videotaping some cheerleaders. I liked it.
Other girls from other schools were slutty. They were all giggly.

“So, you girls are from what school,” I asked while I held the camera up.

“West Beverly in Beverly Hills,” said the dumb one. Not like I could tell the
difference.

“That’s a long trip. You guys excited for the big day?”

“Yup,” said another, “we got nose jobs & our tits done.”

“Can I see the doctors work?”

“Sure.” These girls were perky. Just as the 3 of them were about to pull up
their shirts I heard a familiar voice shout, “Chuck.” It was Jeff, Jessica’s
buff ex. The girls left.

“Hey Jeff. Why are you here?”

“I go to school here. Remember?” Oh yeah. I forgot.

“Cool. Well I have to get back to filming.”

“Wait. Jess told me that you & her are going through a rough patch.”

“She told you that?” I wasn’t mad she said it. Because it was true. I was mad
she told her ex. I only told Bert about our problems.

“Yup. She told me, her roommate, and a bunch of our other friends. I just
wanted to tell you that she is really happy with you. So you two should try to
make it work.” He patted my shoulder & exited. I stood there thinking, _was
our relationship even worth saving? _A bunch of “ooooo”s and “aaaah”s
interrupted my thought. A bunch of cheerleaders were watching Bert dance as he
tried to prove his star power. He even tried to brag about his flexibility
that most men don’t have.

He really wanted some attention.

* * *

At my house my mom war gardening & my dad was reading the paper. Mom came
inside & reminded dad, “Don’t forget to pick up Chucky from Walker U.”

Mr. Reed offered, “I’ll do it.”

My parents agreed to it but Mr. Reed wanted more.

“Actually since we are getting serious I wanted to know if it would be okay to
get more responsibilities with Chucky. More of a parenting role.”

“Uh,” said Dad, “I don’t know. Chucky is about one year away from college. So
there’s no point.”

“But,” he argued, “I think that sometimes you’re too lenient & I feel I should
help him shape up before his graduation next year. If that’s okay with you
guys.”

“I guess so,” mom smiled. “We’re an alternative family. Why not be at a stage
in our relationship where you can be more of a parenting figure to Chuck.”

“I love you guys,” said Mr. Reed.

Back at Walker university I continued recording the practices while Bert
continued to try & show off, which the captain eventually pulled him aside to
discuss it in private.

“Bert, enough shenanigans,” she said. “We discussed this morning. This is
serious.”

“I’m just trying to show my talents. I want to be seen more.”

“Why?”

“Because, I was going to rule the football team this year. But that got fucked
up. And I want to show what I can do at least once. Something I wanted this
year so bad was a national championship.”

“And you’ll get it if we stick to the routine.”

“That’s not good enough. I want a championship knowing I was one of the star
players.”

“You can. It would be great but you have to show real star power.” She went
back to the team as he thought. He ran over to me.

“What’s up,” I asked.

“I’m going to be on top of that pyramid. And I have an idea how. But I need
your help.”

His idea? To do a backflip. We somehow managed to find a small trampoline &
brought it to the gym. The cheerleaders all stared & I got the video camera
ready.

“Are you sure about this?” I asked.

“If this doesn’t show them star power than I don’t know what will.

I began recording. Even I was nervous for him in a way I wanted this for Bert.
I felt like I had owed it to him after the football season went bad.

He jumped on the trampoline until he got high enough. Next, he went for it.
His body spun through the air like a flipped pancake if that makes sense.

He stuck the landing!!

Everyone clapped & was amazed. I even heard the captain say, “now that’s what
I’m talking about. Huddle up girls, last minute routine change.” Soon it was
6:30 & I went out on campus from some fresh air. Just my luck I saw Jess
talking to some friends. She sees me and says goodbye to them We walked toward
each without much emotion. I kissed her on the cheek only because I felt and
obligation. We sat on the some giant rocks on the grass.

“So how are you?” She asked trying so smile.

“Okay. Filming nationals.”

“Oh. Nice.” She nodded. An awkward silence followed.

“I saw Jeff,” I blurted out. “You told him about us?”

“Is that a problem?”

“Why are you telling your ex stuff about us? It’s personal.”

“I needed to talk. Something we haven’t done in a while.”

“Okay, so I’ve been distant. Who cares?”

“Me. And so should you. Do you even care about us anymore?”

“Of course I do,” I lied.

“I’m not sure if I do.”

“Stop giving up! You always give up!”

“How about you start taking charge! Be a man!” She was tearing up. I could
tell it was ending. “I don’t think I can do this anymore,” she added.

“Me either,” I agreed.

“We should break up.”

“Yeah.”

I’m sorry chuck,” she wiped her tears.

“Me too.” We both stood & then went in different directions. That’s how I lost
the best thing that ever happened to me. I was more in shock than I thought. I
felt like a robot. I was walking back the gym but I felt so out of it. By the
time the competition started I was in the bleachers shooting the footage. Our
school did their routine first. They started with “Call Me Maybe” with Bert as
the man on top and in charge. He got his 5 minutes of attention but all I
thought about was Jess. Our whole relationship flashed before my eyes.

Bert Felt like he was on top of the world……………………………………. I felt heart broken.

The rest of their routine was a Whitney Houston tribute. Then dance to “I
Wanna Dance With Somebody” & “How Will I Know”.

What was weird about our break up was I thought I would be happy afterwards,
but I was just sad. The competition ended at 10:00. All the team lined up to
hear the results. One of the judges stood up with a microphone.

“thank you all for being here. Cheerleaders have trained & now we will reveal
the results. The 2013 Cheerleading National Championship goes to. . . Bronze’s
All Boys School Academy’s team the “Silly Boys”. As they won, a One Direction
song they did their dance to, was played while they got their trophy. Our
school’s team was crushed. Even Bert was sad about the loss. It was visible in
his eyes.

Now Bert felt like shit.

I walked outside with him. I told him about the break up. We were just two sad
lumps of crap. I lose all the hard work I put in my relationship & he lost his
work in practice. Life sucks dick. Bert & I decided to walk home, but then I
saw Mr. Reed pull up by the sidewalk and Call me. I went over to the car.

“Get in,” he said, “it’s late.”

“Uh no. I’’ve had a long day. I’m gonna walk with Bert.” Then he raised his
voice, “Get in the car now young man!”

I’ve had enough of this, “Screw You.” I simply said. As I went back to Bert I
ignored Mr. Reed’s demands, “Get back here Chuck! Now Mister!” I still walked
home with Bert.

I got home & noticed Roman deeply thinking in his car. So I got in the car. I
don’t know what came over me. Maybe I thought we’d drive away from this hell.

“What do you want shit dick?”

“To die. Your face says the same thing.”

“I can’t go on living like this. **We have to break up Mom, dad, and Ted**.”

“**Agreed,”** we fist bumped on it.

“Now get the fuck out of my car.” He’s said worse & it’s not that I could feel
any emotions at the moments anyways. I walked back towards the house. I
slipped on a banana peel. FML.

