### Bad Romance by Derek McMillan

**Date Added:** 2013-03-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** "Sometimes it lasts in love and sometimes it hurts instead," to quote Adele. Well it can just go on hurting until the right one for you comes along. 

* * *

Natalia Sedova was about as Russian as Cheshire Cheese. This never stopped
them teasing her; Natalia the spy, Natalia the ballet dancer, Natalia the
Russian Mafioso!

And now, thanks to her boyfriend, Herbert, she had another nickname. She had
made it clear that for her their relationship wasn't over despite his “need
for more space”. She had gone on sending him texts until she found out she had
been blocked and she had been round to his house a few times but he was
mysteriously absent. His friends had taken to calling her “Natalia the bunny
boiler.”

She heard this in the club, sitting at the bar, just on the edge of Herbert's
group of friends. They didn't care if she heard apparently. It hurt but still
at least he was still thinking about her. And when Adele came on the speaker
with “Someone like you” they were nudging each other and laughing openly.

That night of all nights a new boy came into the club. He was older than
Natalia and dressed in a suit as if straight from work. Dressed just a bit too
smart for the club. The others seemed to act as though he was not there. They
were like that with anyone who was not in their crowd.

Surrounded by people who just wanted to tease and sneer, Natalia turned to the
stranger with interest as someone who wouldn't want to humiliate her.

His name was Robin but his friends called him Herbie. It was on the tip of her
tongue to say he wasn't much like a Volkswagen but Natalia knew well enough
how wearing old jokes could be. With no thought at all of making Herbert
jealous she let the stranger buy her a drink and just happened to turn her
back on Herbert's friends to talk to him.

And just as she was going to talk to him, he got a call on his mobile. It
sounded more like business than pleasure as he half-turned away to reply. He
had to go, just after he arrived. He had time to drink up and suggested
swapping phone numbers.

Natalia hesitated but in the end it was the fact that she barely knew him that
prompted her to agree. After all she had hundreds of numbers on her phone so
it didn't mean anything.

As he left Herbert's friends were laughing and Natalia was telling herself it
had nothing to do with her. She decided it was time she left too.

-x-x-x-x-x-x-

Three hours later when she was tiring of the TV at home, her phone rang. From
the number she knew who it was.

“Herbie”

“Sorry I had to rush off. When I got back you were gone.”

There was a pause.

“Would you like to meet? Just for a chat?”

She started saying it was late and then changed her mind. Herbie came and
picked her up. He came in a very nice car; a VW Golf or something like that.

She had a moment's thought about taking lifts from strangers. And then thought
she wasn't going to let her fears get the better of her this time. Anyway she
had learnt self-defence. Herbie just opened the door and smiled.

The club they went to was a bit up-market and she was relieved not to have the
old gang around her for once. Herbie nearly ruined everything with the
corniest joke ever,

“Would you like sex on the beach or would you rather have a cocktail.”

Natalia laughed politely and advised him not to ditch the day job.

He looked suitably abashed.

Herbie obviously had more money than the people Natalia was used to but that
riddle was solved when he said he worked for a bank. He smiled at her joke
about million pound bonuses with a good grace.

And when they went on the dance floor Herbie was everything Natalia wished for
– a smooth mover, smooth talker: interested and attentive.

And when he took her home all he got was a kiss on the cheek – that's all you
get on a first date if you are a gentleman! But it was a first date and a
promise of more to come.

They met again and again and graduated from a goodnight kiss to a fond embrace
and to an invitation to coffee.

Before too many moons, they were in bed doing what came naturally. What came
naturally to Herbie was caressing Natalia's bare feet with body lotion. If you
haven't tried it don't knock it.

And while Herbie was making coffee his phone rang. Natalia wouldn't dream of
answering it but she noticed with a chill that it was the number of her ex.
And it wasn't a phone call it was a text. And her ex's text was just this:

“Thanx 4 dealing with the BB 4 me”

And Natalia was fairly certain neither Herbie not Herbert had had any dealings
with the Boy's Brigade.

From cold she was suddenly red hot. Her mother wouldn't have recognised the
language she was using to tell Herbie exactly what she thought of this
charade.

Herbie hardly had time to collect his clothes before he was bundled
unceremoniously out into the street.

“One last thing,” Natalia called after him, “do you have a pet rabbit and a
very large saucepan?”

![a](http://www.thefix.com/sites/default/files/styles/article/public/bunny-
boiler.jpg)

  

The End - no animals were harmed in the writing of this story.  

  

These are the books I have on Amazon at the moment. The eagle-eyed among you
will notice that one is actually by Leon Trotsky – we did not work together on
it, I am really not that old.

Book – [_**The Mirror of Eternity**_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Eternity-
Science-Fiction-Stories-ebook/dp/B009FM9RCQ/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-
text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548956&sr=1-1) – Science Fiction stories. I am really
proud of this. I have been a fan of science fiction for many years and always
wanted to try my hand at writing it. I have sold more copies in the United
States than in the UK but a surprising number of people in France took an
interest so I produced a French translation too.  

Book –_** [The SS Dagger and other stories](http://www.amazon.co.uk/The-
Dagger-other-stories-ebook/dp/B00B4HQM9Q/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-
text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361549009&sr=1-1)**_ – more short stories. Although some of
the stories are on the edges of Sci Fi the main story is basically a murder
mystery.  

Book – _**[Classroom Teacher Manual](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Classroom-
Teacher-Manual-ebook/dp/B007QJTYH8/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1361548726&sr=8-1)
**_– 16 years of a helpline for stressed teachers condensed.

Monograph – [_**The Concept of Evil**_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/The-Concept-
of-Evil-ebook/dp/B00B3IK76A/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-
text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548756&sr=1-1) – detailed study of The Lord of the Rings.

Pamphlet – [_**Death Agony of Capitalism**_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/The-
death-agony-capitalism-ebook/dp/B007L5LGC8/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-
text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548786&sr=1-1) – commentary on Trotsky's classic work.

Monograph – [_**The Role of the Hero**_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/role-hero-
analysis-Londons-ebook/dp/B00AAOP8YE/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-
text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548810&sr=1-1) – detailed study of _The Iron Heel_.

Monograph – [_**Letters to Lara **_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Letters-to-Lara-
ebook/dp/B009XDH3MI/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548853&sr=1-1)–
a study of how children relate to computer games.

Monograph - French Translation of [_The Role of the Hero
_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Le-Role-Heros-analyse-
ebook/dp/B00APMMUNI/ref=sr_1_2?s=digital-text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548879&sr=1-2)

Book –[ French Translation of _The Mirror of Eternity
_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Miroir-l%C3%A9ternit%C3%A9-histoires-French-
ebook/dp/B00AHJ3SLM/ref=la_B00ABIQ38E_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1361548920&sr=1-6)

  

Book – [_**Museum of old Jokes **_](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Museum-of-Old-
Jokes-ebook/dp/B008458HMG/ref=sr_1_1?s=digital-
text&ie=UTF8&qid=1361548981&sr=1-1)– self-explanatory.

  

You can email me on derekmcmillan1951 (at) gmail.com  
  
I also have a blog:
[derekmcmillan1951.blogspot.com](http://derekmcmillan1951.blogspot.com/)  
  
  
[I even have a page on Amazon](http://www.amazon.co.uk/-/e/B009FUXHWY)

