### FML!- S.2, Ep. 12- No-Grad by AJ

**Date Added:** 2013-03-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** On the day of Roman's graduation, the family gathers. Will Chuck& Roman finallly end their parents relationship with Ted? How will Roman get away with not graduating? And what cliffhanger will the day end with? 

* * *

Thanks so much for the feedback. I really appreciate it! It's great that
people still read _FML! _and want it continue so it will be continued.

However this story will be the last one of the 2nd installment.

The 3rd installment of _FML! _will begin in mid-June!

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------------

FML!

Season 2 Episode 12 No-Grad

Today was no doubt the worst day of my life so far. All I want to do is stay
in my bed & sleep. Depression for the win!!! But of course, lucky me, today is
Roman’s graduation so my dad barged in my room & woke me up.

“Wake up. It’s your brother’s big day.” I only got up to shut him up. I
suppose I should be happy. Roman’s the worst brother a guy could have & today
marks the last day of Roman’s existence in my life in my life. He’s hopefully
off to bigger and better things at college. Or so I think. In reality he was
pacing in his room thinking of how he’s going to fool Mom & Dad into thinking
he’s graduating even though he failed. Mom & Dad dragged me to Roman’s room.
Mr. Reed too. They had a gifts for him: a tie & a special $200 pens from
jewelry stores that will run out of ink in a month.

“These are for you,” said my proud mom.

Dad added, “we are so proud of you.”

“All of us are,” said Ted. I wasn’t. Roman seemed nervous about something. He
blurted out of nowhere, “Ted, Mom doesn’t love you!” Mom looked guilty &Ted &
dad were shocked. I smiled. First time since the break-up that I laughed. I
guess I wouldn’t be the only one going through a break up.

From the stairs I listened to my parents & Mr. Reed have “the talk”.

“What did he mean you don’t love me?” Asked a desperate Ted.

“Yeah,” said dad, “I thought we all loved each other.”

Mom explained, “I was going to get there. But you said it so fast I just had
to agree.”

“I thought this was a serious relationship,” said Ted.

“It is. In time maybe I will love you, but not yet. It doesn’t mean I don’t
care for you.”

“Linda this is an equal relationship. An adult relationship. Why didn’t you
tell me? We’re married.”

“I didn’t want you to be disappointed. We were all having so much fun.”

“Linda,” comforted my dad, “you can tell me anything. I love you. We took
vows.”

“Oh Bob, I love you too.” They kissed.

“Hello? What about me?” Said Ted.

“Oh,” said Dad, “Well before we got involved with you, Linda & I said that if
this relationship wouldn’t work for all members than we’d end it. And Linda’s
not feeling the same level we are so I think its best you move out.”

“Wait, **is this three-lationship over**?” Cried Ted.

“**Afraid so**,” said Mom. “You can still come to Roman’s graduation. It’s
nice to have friends there.” He finally left! Finally something good.
Something normal.

“I’m sorry,” said mom to dad.

“Hey. As long as you’re happy, I’m happy.” They made out. My cue to leave.

* * *

At my stalkers house, Michelle was in her room tracking my Facebook since she
couldn’t physically follow me anymore. Her mom opened the door.

“Good news,” her mom said gladly.

“I know. Chucky’s Facebook relationship status says “single.””

“Not that but I was thinking this summer you would go to camp.”

“Mom I’m not anorexic anymore. I don’t need to go to skinny camp.”

“I know. You need fat camp.”

“Mother, I can’t be away from Chuck all summer.”

“Honey, he got a restraining order. It that’s not a wake-up call than I don’t
know what is.”

“I can stalk him from 60ft away according to the law.”

“I’ll just leave the pamphlet here. Consider it.” Before he mom departed from
the room she said, “Maybe chuck would like you more if you were thin again.
Isn’t that the reason he dumped you?”

* * *

The graduation was being held outside school on the football field. Still
Roman was pacing. He ran inside. I followed him to the bathroom. I heard him
say to himself, “okay, just go on stage, smile & grab some else’s diploma. Mom
& dad won’t find out.”

_That son of a bitch wasn’t graduating. It was all a clever rouse. _

I was going to tell mom & dad but then I realized he’d kill me. So I pretended
I was never there. When I arrived back outside I saw Christianiana. She
doesn’t even go to his school. She was passing out flyers and saying:

“Praise the Lord

Save yourselves!

God pity’s the fool

Who thinks he’s to cool,

To go to bible school!

2013 Summer Bible Camp.”

Mr. Reed was also at the graduation. H was angry though. My parents were all
lovey dovey however. Anyways the ceremony began & I was a bit happy. There was
no way Roman could pull this off. They weren’t even going to call his name
because he had no diploma. Finally they got to his homeroom. I could see how
nervous he was. I grinned. They skipped Roman’s name but he still stood up,
walked on stage & tried to grab a diploma. The woman handing out the diploma’s
wrestled Roman.

“Give me my diploma!” He said.

“You’re not on the list.”

“Just let me borrow one.”

My mom and dad we confused along with the rest of the parents. My mom stood
up, “What’s going on?”

I said, “18 years of justice.” Suddenly we heard sirens & police cars. They
began to raid the graduation. Everyone froze.

“We’re looking for a Chucky,” said an officer. I slowly stood and rose my
hand. In one second they ran to me & put me in handcuffs.

“We have a warrant for your arrest. Charges for **driving without a license,
transporting drugs, & being a criminal accomplice.** You’re going downtown.”

They started to escort me to the car. _Was this really happening? Is there no
God? _

_“_You have the right to remain silent. Anything you do or say can be held
against you in a court of law.”

“Chucky!” My mom yelled in shock. I heard Roman say, “Chuck’s arrested? This
is way worse than me not graduating.”

My parents said simultaneously, “You’re not graduating?!” And I’m probably
going to jail. FML!

