### Battle Between The Sexes by Adam-Christopher

**Date Added:** 2013-04-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** IT'S A MAN'S WORLD. OR IS IT? One bloke's take on the battle between the sexes. 

* * *

**BATTLE BETWEEN THE SEXES:**

**A NO HOLDS BARRED MALE PERSPECTIVE**

by Adam Christopher

INTRODUCTION

This article was not written by a successful movie star with sculpted good
looks and animal magnetism. It was not penned by the kind of bloke who could
approach a beautiful woman and confidently say “Excuse me miss, I couldn’t
help but notice you, I find you very attractive,” --and have any reasonable
expectation that the woman would return the compliment in a flirtatious
manner.

A writer should be up front about his bias. This essay was written by a man
who has endured enough disappointment from the opposite sex that it has
clearly had an effect. Does this mean that the points here are without merit?
That is for you, the reader to decide.

Round 1

THE ASSAULT

A gentleman walks into a restaurant during lunch hour. He has had an excellent
morning and his spirits are high. Humming a catchy tune, he sits down at a
table and grabs a menu. He’s getting ready to take out his cell phone, peruse
the headlines, check email and enjoy his Bangers and Mash, perhaps a pint,
before returning to the office. And then the waitress walks over.

Although she is standing only a few meters away, she is completely out of
reach. Experience has taught the fellow that this woman would not be
romantically interested in him if her life depended on it. She is pleasant,
personable and exudes self assurance. Tall and slender, with long flowing
hair, she also possesses the killer combination: a pretty face and a large
full bosom. The man is now anxious and distracted. He has difficulty
concentrating on the article he was reading. He is struggling hard to avoid
staring. And for some strange, inexplicable reason, his high spirits have
suddenly vanished.

What happened? Although he is unaware of it, the man has just been assaulted.
He has just become one more victim of an unprovoked psychic assault. Can he
report it to the authorities? Can he file a complaint against the assailant?
Can he call an Emergency Response Unit for assistance? Unfortunately, the
answer to all these questions is no. He must simply bear it.

Now there are those (on the other side of the sexual fence) who would say that
if a man feels threatened (indeed assaulted) by a woman’s presence and
sexuality, that is his problem. Surely the woman cannot be held responsible
for such a reaction.

Really? What about all the energy women devote to looking their very best?
What about the time and money spent on clothes, make up, spas, beauticians,
cosmetic surgery, etc? Is this done with no thought of the effect this will
have on the opposite sex? Is this done solely because women want to “feel good
about themselves”? Perhaps the energy exerted by women in looking their very
best is intended to attract the opposite sex, but only certain members. The
unintended members like the man in the example above is just another poor chap
caught in the crossfire.

What about women? Are women subject to assault? Suppose a woman sits down at a
diner and is served by a handsome athletic waiter. Is she not assaulted? The
short answer: no. Men clearly think about sex much more than women. Men are
more driven by it. Therefore, the woman in the diner might think to herself
“hmm, what a good looking guy.” She might even have a sexual fantasy. But it
is not likely to ruin her day.

Why does the mere presence of an extremely attractive woman in close proximity
cause so much angst? Is it just the thought of the sensual pleasure that a
physical encounter with her would produce? Or is it also the promise of
excitement and escape, combined with a feeling of conquest? For men who have
experienced the pain of rejection, the feeling of conquest would go a long way
to easing this pain

The possibilities for assault are endless. It could happen at a gym. It could
occur at a supermarket. It could even take place at a theme park.

For example, suppose a man takes his wife and children out for a fun family
outing to Disneyland. Standing right in front of him in one of the long lines
is a woman as striking and sexy as the waitress. It is summer and the young
lady is clad in seasonal attire to brave the heat. To make matters worse,
let’s suppose that for whatever reason, the man’s wife and this woman strike
up a friendly conversation that lasts throughout the long line. Unlike the man
in the restaurant, this fellow cannot even walk out. He is as trapped and
captive as a prisoner.

Although the day started with the best intentions, it did not go as planned.
The man did not anticipate getting assaulted. His only intentions were to show
his family a good time. Instead, he is being tortured. As he waits in line, he
can’t help thinking what it would be like to be alone in an intimate setting
with this woman right now. He’s fighting not to have these thoughts, but
losing the battle.

Finally, the line advances. The prolonged agony is over. The woman will
thankfully no longer be in sight. That should provide some relief. But there
will still be the memory and the post traumatic stress. His wife might even
say, “She was a nice gal, wasn’t she?” “And very attractive.” And he’ll have
to reply “Uh huh” or “yes she was” in a matter of fact tone of voice, hiding
the fact that just moments earlier he would have withdrawn the children’s
college fund for a brief encounter with this “nice gal.”

If the man has any integrity, he will pretend as if everything were fine.
Carry on with a brave face and concentrate on the next attraction. (Disney
attraction.) Continue smiling, snapping pictures and focusing on what kind of
T shirts and Mickey Mouse hats to purchase for the kiddies.

But the fun family outing has been spoiled and he knows it. If he is a
sensitive sort, there will even be a part of him that resists returning to the
place where he was so mercilessly and brutally assaulted. He’ll leave the
amusement park laughing with his wife and children and smile talking about the
great time they had. But eventually he will have to come to terms with a stark
painful realization. Disneyland is over for him.

Round 2

THE GREAT PROSTITUTION DEBATE: EXPLOITATION OR SELF DEFENSE?

It has been called the “oldest profession.” Nevertheless, men who engage the
services of a prostitute are subject to a great deal of criticism on moral and
ethical grounds. Many women resort to prostitution because of unfortunate
circumstances. If a woman has resorted to prostitution to feed a substance
abuse problem, the man who engages her services may be accused of perpetuating
the drug problem and hindering the woman from seeking help. If a woman has
resorted to prostitution because she has no other means of earning a
livelihood and needs to buy food and medicine for her children, the man who
engages her services could be perceived as taking advantage of her misfortune.
If a woman is working as a prostitute because she has been kidnapped from
Eastern Europe and is being held against her will, the man who engages her
services could very well be viewed as a cog in the wheel of a reprehensible
criminal enterprise. These are valid points. Nevertheless, it is this author’s
contention that a man who engages the services of a prostitute is doing
nothing more than exercising his right to self defense.

When prostitution is discussed, the focus is usually on the unfortunate women.
Who are they? Why are they doing this? How they did get into this terrible
situation? Fair questions. But just for a moment, let us turn our focus to the
men. Who are the men who seek the services of a prostitute? Who are these
unconscionable evil doers keeping poor victimized women in a horrible place? A
group of backslapping soldiers, smiling, laughing and having the time of their
lives?

A man who seeks the services of an escort must overcome many hurdles. To begin
with, in most parts of the western world, prostitution is illegal. So, there
is a risk factor, the risk of breaking the law and suffering severe
consequences. There is also awkwardness. A man who seeks the services of a
prostitute must approach a stranger whom he is paying for sex. The only reason
the woman is having sex with him is money. She is viewing him like an
Automated Telling Machine, nothing more.

Why would a man go through all the trouble, risk and expense to seek out the
services of an escort? The answer is simple: self defense. Self defense?
Against what? The never ending assaults. After an encounter with an attractive
“escort,” a man is less vulnerable to assaults. To a certain extent, he is
shielded and inoculated. If he finds himself in a crowded urban area
surrounded by young attractive women, he won’t feel quite so threatened and
frustrated. He won’t feel so left out of the game. There will still be pain.
But a rendez vous with a sexy call girl can go a long way to easing this pain.
For a man who is otherwise rejected by beautiful women, quality time with an
attractive escort may be considered as a few glorious moments behind the
velvet rope.

Of course, the inoculation is admittedly only a short term cure. Just as the
effects of a prescription pain killer only last a certain number of hours,
this type of pain killer is also of only limited duration. But it is one thing
a man can do to defend himself against the onslaught of continuous assaults.

Needless to say, if a man is good looking and highly successful, he does not
require the services of an escort. He can attract desirable women without
doing anything criminal or immoral. Yet, how can we explain the stories in the
news about good looking movie stars being involved with prostitutes? Hugh
Grant was arrested for an indiscretion. And Charlie Sheehan has reportedly
been involved with expensive call girls.

Hugh Grant and Charlie Sheehan are good looking, successful actors who clearly
have what it takes to attract beautiful women. What in the world are men like
this doing with prostitutes? Is it the need for excitement? Is it the desire
for escape? Is it the thrill of taking a risk ? Is it sexual addiction? Or is
just possible that even good looking successful movie stars are not immune
from the barrage of constant assaults?

Not all women working as prostitutes are victims. Some have made a conscious
decision that this is an easy way to earn an impressive livelihood. Consider
the women associated with Heidi Fleiss, a.k.a. the Madame of Beverly Hills.
These women were not taken against their will from repressive countries. The
women associated with the Madame of Beverly Hills came to a very rational
conclusion that prostitution was an easier way of generating an income than
working in a traditional job for forty hours a week.

Just as not all women who work as prostitutes are victims, not all men who
engage the services of a prostitute are exercising their right to self
defense. For example, suppose a gentleman of great means seeks the services of
a particular escort. A meeting is arranged at which time the escort explains
that her services are limited. She states in no uncertain terms that while she
provides companionship and many sexual services, sexual intercourse is not
among the services she provides. The gentleman proceeds to reach into his
wallet and remove fifty thousand pounds. He then holds out the bills before
the woman and in a very polite and respectful tone of voice asks the following
question: would you consider making an exception?

That would not be “self defense.” That would be striking back.

Round 3

MARRIAGE AND MONEY

According to anthropologists, the female primate seeks a male primate who can
provide security, serving as a protector and provider. What does this mean? In
prehistoric times, it meant providing food and shelter. In the modern times,
it appears to mean providing a spacious house in the suburbs with modern
appliances, stylish furniture, state of the art hi-fi equipment and at least
two luxury cars in the driveway.

Modern man has tremendous pressure to succeed if he wishes to attract a
desirable mate. Of course, in the modern world, women also work and earn an
income. Therefore, there is equality in the selection process. Women have less
expectations of men with regard to income and status. The man does not
necessarily have to be earning more money than the woman. Or does he?

As the “protector,” the male primate in the modern world is still expected to
be doing better than his mate. Furthermore, the female primate in the modern
world can much more easily attract a mate of higher social status (i.e. more
education, higher income) than a male primate. (Again, this is related to the
fact that the male has higher sex drives and thinks of sex more frequently
than the female. The male needs sex more than the female.) It is not uncommon
for a male doctor to be married to a female with less education and less
income, such as a nurse. It is not uncommon for a male attorney to be married
to a female with less education and less income, such as a secretary. Yet, how
many female doctors do we see married to male nurses? How many female
attorneys do we see married to male secretaries?

A female attorney will not likely select a male secretary as a mate. She will
probably seek a male who is doing significantly better economically than she
is, such as a partner of a prestigious law firm. For that is the mate with
whom she would feel most comfortable. Depending on the circumstances, the
female attorney may have to settle for a man who is merely on the same level
as her if she wishes to get married. Of course, if she does so she will
probably feel a little disappointed that she had to compromise. The same is
true for the female doctor. Her preference for a mate would be a man who is
more successful than her. If she marries a colleague who is merely on the same
level, it is likely that she will not be entirely happy.

Consider the male attorney who is married to a secretary or grade school
teacher, not an uncommon scenario. They are not on the same plane
intellectually. There is a part of him that is not being intellectually
fulfilled. At times, he is bored. But as the male, he has a serious handicap
that females do not have. His choice of mate is limited to women who will look
up to him, look to him as a protector and provider. This generally means a
female of lower social status. A female attorney on his professional par will
probably reject him in favor of someone more successful. Therefore, while he
has to accept someone who leaves him with an intellectual void, his
professional female counterpart (who rejects him) can attract someone more
successful than her and probably of at least equal intellect. The injustice
and unfairness of this disparity is nothing short of unfathomable.

A man and woman work together at a university. They are both professors, close
in age, and teach in the same discipline, English Literature. Suppose the
woman is physically attractive and has a pleasant personality. Her male
colleague is equally pleasant and good looking and shares with her the same
intellectual passion. The two have a great deal in common. However, he wears a
corduroy jacket with patches at the elbow. With her looks and intellect, she
can attract a successful surgeon as a mate. But given the intellectual bond
and all she has in common with her colleague, she’ll give him a chance. After
all, they are potential soul mates. They were made for each other. Together,
they could have picnics and take long walks in the park, looking into each
others’ eyes while reciting sonnets. They could spend hours discussing the
symbolism and meaning that only they can fully appreciate. She’s not going to
reject her colleague with whom she connects so easily and so deeply in favor
of the surgeon. Or would she?

It is not uncommon for a woman to marry a man with an established business or
professional practice (such as a law practice or medical practice) and start
helping out with simple tasks and then slowly but surely start referring to it
as “our” business” or “our practice.” She may even refer to it that way
without helping out. (Or she may think of it as such without explicitly saying
so.)

Consider the wife of a successful doctor. The woman did not attend classes at
medical school. The woman did not complete residency. She did go through with
what must surely be an agonizing and grueling process. Yet, as the wife of a
doctor, she still gets many of the benefits, including the financial benefits.

One wife of a doctor who recently gained some notoriety is Kathleen Soliah. In
the seventies, Ms. Soliah was reportedly involved with the terrorist
organization known as the Symbionese Liberation Army. Ms. Soliah, however,
made a dramatic transition in her life. She went from terrorist to “soccer
mom.”

While her husband was in medical school and racking his brains over gross
anatomy, she was allegedly holding up banks, kidnapping heiresses, and
planting bombs under police cars. After a shoot out in Los Angeles, Ms. Soliah
put her youthful indiscretions behind her. She changed identity, moved to
another state and married a physician.

At present, Ms. Soliah is confined to state prison, a distressing fact for a
number of reasons. First of all, from all accounts, Kathleen Soliah is no
longer a threat to society. Secondly, her children, while innocent of any
criminal wrongdoing are nevertheless deprived of their mother. And last but
not least, her incarceration is sure to have an adverse effect on her medical
practice.

Round 4

COMMITMENT PHOBIA AND THE POWER OF CHOICE

Many males who find themselves single in their thirties and beyond are accused
of being commitment phobic. But for the fact that the women making the
accusation are serious, this would be laughable. The point crying out to be
made is that most males are only “commitment phobic” to certain woman, usually
the very ones leveling the accusation.

Before any man can be found guilty of commitment phobia and justly branded
with the label “commitment phobe,” he should at least have an opportunity to
defend himself and prove his innocence. To properly defend himself against the
charge of commitment phobia, a man will require but the following: two weeks
and the power of choice. I repeat: two weeks and the power of choice.

Of course, in order to insure an accurate test of whether or not the man is
truly commitment phobic, the “choice” of women must be completely
unrestricted. The selection can certainly not be limited to women who are
single, available, and think the man is the “just the greatest” or the “cat’s
meow.” That would not work at all. Chances are the man has already explored
that pool and determined that he prefers solitude, thereby leading to
allegations of commitment phobia. If the selection is limited to that pool,
the test of whether or not the man is commitment phobic will likely be skewed
and inaccurate.

To insure reliability, the selection of women must include those that are not
single. The selection of women must also include those that are not available.
The selection must even include women who for whatever reason are indifferent
to the man. Indeed it must even include women who do not like the man. For
only then can we have a reliable indicator of whether or not the man is truly
commitment phobic.

Two weeks and the power of choice. If after two weeks and the power of choice,
a man cannot a find a woman to whom he is willing to make a commitment, it
would be fair and just to label him as a commitment phobe. But not until then.
Not until he is given two weeks and the power of choice.

Round 5

INFIDELITY: WHY IT’S WORSE WHEN A WOMAN IS UNFAITHFUL

(or what’s off limits for the goose is sauce to the gander)

“What’s sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander.” If a man takes the
attitude that “variety is the spice of life,” why shouldn’t a woman take the
same attitude? Because what’s a minor offense for the gander is a major
offense for the goose.

Men have higher sex drives. For men, monogamy is not natural. For women,
however, who are the child bearers, monogamy is natural and infidelity is far
less excusable.

When a man has a fling with another woman, he is merely “having a little fun
on the side.” For the woman, on the other hand, having a fling with another
man is a far more serious offense. It involves submitting herself to another
man, letting another man undress her, letting another man get on top of her.
It is too terrible to even put into words, let alone visualize.

Does this mean that if a man is unfaithful, it would be improper for his wife
to retaliate in a like manner? Precisely. Retaliating in a like manner would
be like using a nuclear bomb to kill a fly.

Suppose a new secretary comes to work in a man’s office. She is a “ blond
bombshell.” She is attracted to the man and they end up having an affair. What
should his wife’s reaction be? She should be happy for him. Not only should
she be understanding, she should be genuinely happy for him and celebrate his
good fortune. But won’t that hurt the marriage? Only if she gives him a hard
time about it. If she’s understanding and takes a “ way to go” “good for you”
attitude, it will not only not hurt the marriage, but will actually help the
marriage. The husband will appreciate and love her that much more for being
for so tolerant and open minded. He’ll feel damn lucky to be married to
someone so understanding.

President Clinton committed an “indiscretion” in the Oval Office. The First
Lady stood by him, presumably expressed her disappointment in private, and
gained tremendous popularity. The President looked foolish, the First Lady
looked dignified. Imagine if it had been the other way around. Suppose the
First Lady had been the one discovered having an extramarital affair with a
young male intern. This would have been far more painful and humiliating for
Bill Clinton. Indeed in that case, the President of the United States may have
very well resigned.

Round 6

THE MYTH OF THE MAN’S WORLD

(AND THE DANGERS OF THE MYTH)

On a television sit-com a few years back, a male character says to a
femalecharacter: “You women can have sex with whoever you want, we men can
only have sex with whoever lets us.” Imagine it the other way around. Imagine
the woman saying: “you men can have sex with whoever you want, we women can
only have sex with whoever lets us.” When a sit-com writer puts that line into
a woman’s mouth, then talk to me about a “man’s world.”

If a man desires a woman sexually, he will often try to be nice to her even if
he finds her unpleasant, uninteresting, or unstable. How many women who desire
a man would be so tolerant and willing to put up with those negative
qualities? An average looking couple break up. If the woman wants another
lover, essentially all she has to do is snap her fingers. Can a man do the
same?

Who came up with the term “man’s world” anyway? Certainly not a man. The term
was probably coined by a woman as a means of promoting women’s rights and
feminist issues. One reason men buy into the notion of a man’s world is that
men like to think of it as such. It makes us glad to be men. But the reality
is it’s a myth. Sexually, women hold all the cards. And as long a that is the
case, the so called “man’s world” will continue to exist only in feminist
mythology.

Feminists want equality in the work place and equality in the political arena.
Sounds fair to me. If a woman is performing the same job as a man, she should
receive the same compensation. If a woman is best suited to lead a nation by
holding the highest office, then she should do so.

There is nothing wrong with feminists seeking equality in the workplace and
equality in the political arena. The problem with feminism is it is
disingenuous. It does not acknowledge the superiority women already have in
the sexual arena. It does not acknowledge the ability of women to do better
than men in the area of selecting a mate. It does not acknowledge the ease
with which a woman can find a sexual partner compared to a man. Feminism is
notably silent on those points.

If the trend continues and women achieve equality in the workplace and
political arena while maintaining the power they already have in the sexual
arena, there will not be equality, but rather clear unequivocal superiority.
We males will then find ourselves in an extremely unenviable position. When
that happens, brothers of the world beware: we will not only be fighting for
liberation, but also begging for mercy.

