### Tales of the Wing girl: A SINGLE WHITE FEMALE SERIAL by DeviantJaney

**Date Added:** 2013-04-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Tales of the Wing girl: A SINGLE WHITE FEMALE SERIAL

Copyright 2013 - By Lori L. Meckley

Dedicated to all the people out there who never think they maybe a character
in a story.  

So I said to myself who is this chick staring at herself in a mirror like that
Evil demented Queen in Snow White while she’s supposed to be showing me how to
do my new job? Obviously she was a love child of Jeffrey Dalmer or maybe even
John Wayne Gacy’s little creepy sister.

Who knew each day I would be followed when she clocked in late each morning?!
I tried my best not to believe for one minute that she was harmless. No matter
where I went at work she was there. Even the bathroom was not safe ground.
Thank god she didn’t look under the doors but hearing that sick giggle of hers
and then her yell “Oh I knew that was you in there!” That’s what I am talking
about—A true Single White Female in the flesh.

My day begins with, “Oh god did I tell you about what happen to me last night
at Zumba?”, she mentions over office communicator. Did I really care to hear
this? No I didn’t, but trust me that wasn’t going to stop her. From the minute
she signed into messenger this is how each work day rolled. Every time I’d
shut the window thinking I might get some peace so I could work there would be
something new from her. Meaningless mindless chatty Cathy babble. When would
she find someone new to stalk? I had to get rid of her. Ok no not that kind of
rid of her, not that I bet it had not crossed her other victims minds. I’m
sure it had but its zero time in prison if you just dump her casually on
someone else or in my case it was innocently taking place by the time I was
able to make it happen.

Who was going to be her next victim? I wondered about that but then luck was
thrown my way she got pregnant and was out on leave for a long time. It was
after her return that again she was all about being my friend.

My 4 months of freedom were gone, sadly; or were they?

It was after she was back a month that I got lucky. Picking up my phone I
called accounting, “Dude how’s that invoice change coming?”

Gavin who is always quick to help anyone answers his phone not even realizing
his entire life not just his day is about to change.

“Gavin Grimes, accounting how can I help you?”

What happens next is not premeditated I swear, neither myself nor Gavin harmed
anyone in the making of what is about to go down over this simple
conversation.

Gavin he says “I’m trying here but until this ships I can’t invoice this
craziness you know what I am saying Lana?”

I knew what he was saying so I had to remind him I was going to be out on
Monday when that item shipped so my back up of course was the (evil sound
effects go here) SINGLE WHITE FEMALE! I kid you not it was so easy the next
words out of his mouth were.

“Are you ears ringing Lana?”

They weren’t but I bought into it.

“No Gavin, should they be?”

The next thing I know he’s talking about how he and Megs are talking smack
about me, yes her! It’s the chick that has not stopped going on about breast
milk, her boobs, Zumba and her money stealing non job holding husband
Leonardo. She’s now suddenly all giggle girl with him like she’s his right
wing. Guess what the hell happens next? They start talking about the Magic
Bullet, ok not the sex toy the health drink juicer. He is a goner, silly putty
in her stalker hands.

Could this really be happening? I was sure he had to know about her. I mean
come on the gossip at Peyton Place, no one was ever free of it no matter how
much you ear budded music or kept low key. So I said nothing.

Monday came and went, of course my inbox BOOM was hit like a dirty hoarder’s
trailer full of keepsake road kill. When Megs the wing girl backs up your
work, it’s like being gone a month for each day you were unblessed to have her
be your helper.

Later in the day I remember the invoicing I needed to follow up on so I office
communicated to Gavin asking the burning question to find out where my invoice
stood.

Lana: Were you able to get that invoice done for my customer?

Gavin: Let me check on that and I will let you know.

Lana: Ok I just wondered if it was done I don’t see anything from Megs. Oh and
by the way I do not have her on my Facebook so please don’t say anything if it
comes up.

Gavin: I think I know why and I understand. Oh do I understand.

Lana: Huh?

A strong suspicion started to form in my mind.

Gavin: From the time I get here until I leave Megs never stops talking to me.
I’ve seen things I never wanted to see. Things I just want to gouge my eyes
out over!

Lana: Wait until she asks you about coming to Zumba

Gavin: WOAH!!! NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Lana: Yes just ask Chaz about her.

I waited. Nothing more was said so I closed the window. I continued working on
my back log report when suddenly I see a new OC from Gavin.

Gavin: He said wear gloves! Just priceless I’m just a fucking victim here!

Lana: Chaz? LOL!

Gavin: Yes and I am now getting smack talk!

I was thinking maybe I better mention the Ipad and Mike Lawry at this point
but then I got this!

Chaz: I told him to wear gloves LMAO!

Lana: Dude you are the only one she hasn’t stalked. You jealous much?

Chaz: I’m not her type.

I can’t help myself…

Lana: Can you see it now Chaz’s wife Marcy and Megs in WWE Diva match as she
takes him as her next victim.

Gavin: LOL Throw in a chair!

Lana: I’m all in on Marcy! I call HELL IN A CELL!

Gavin: Me too!

It’s now 4:38 and only 20 minutes until the witching hour of freedom. I
suddenly realize why Gavin is now her victim. The Magic Bullet! In her mind
they connected over a health food juice machine like some forbidden sex act on
the job and I was her voyeur! That bitch! There was only one thing left to do.
We had to find her a new victim or buy Gavin gloves. I was not chipping in for
gloves. Chaz was not being very helpful. This was about to get serious.

