### Baby and Me by videohunter

**Date Added:** 2013-04-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Unmarried woman refuses to grow sentimental over the birth of a friend's child. 

* * *

Our best friends were having a baby. Inwardly, I groaned.

“You know what this means, Frank?” I complained to my boyfriend. “They won’t
be going out with us anymore.” One by one our friends had succumbed to the
bothersome burdens of boring adulthood: first marriage, now children. Soon
only Frank and I would be left gloriously unencumbered.

“Sure they will,” he reassured me. “It’ll just be earlier. And, um, noisier.”

He should know. His sister had a kid, a rambunctious pre-school aged brat with
no redeeming qualities that I had ever observed. Frank volunteered to baby-sit
every so often. I called this my quarterly booster of birth control. Each time
his nephew arrived I wanted children even less.

Frank, I suspected, was a bit soft on the kid thing. He seemed to like
children an awful lot for someone who claimed not to want any. Once he had
even told me that if I changed my mind about having one, he might be on board
with it. I said that was just his biological clock ticking.

The pregnancy seemed to last forever, and I wasn’t the one carrying the
bowling ball around in my belly. Every week when we visited our friends – who
had already begun the mystifying transformation from regular adults into the
strange creatures known as Mom and Dad – we had to suffer through the latest
revelations. The tests, the pictures, the ultrasounds, the boy-girl debate and
its resolution, the design and decoration of the nursery, how soon they wanted
the next kid to come along. I feigned interest. Graciously, I hoped. I was
happy for them, really I was, but only in a generic sort of way. I mean, I’m
glad, too, when the local team makes it to the World Series, but I still don’t
watch the games.

And then finally it happened: the kid was born; healthy, rosy cheeks, ten
fingers and toes, and everyone was happy, all except for me. I still
complained.

“Now we’re going to have to go and see the baby,” I whined, fully aware that
this was spoiled and selfish and not caring in the slightest.

“So?” Frank replied, puzzled, his warm, dreamy eyes already misting over in
anticipation of witnessing the wondrous miracle of magnificent new life.

“Never mind,” I answered. It would have taken too long to explain.

For our friends’ sake, I did try. I pretended to be impressed by the wee
magical creature sleeping so adorably in the pink bassinet. I expounded with
delight upon how she had her mother’s ears and her father’s eyes, or maybe it
was the other way around. I chuckled when Dad played peek-a-boo and made
kitchy-coo noises at her. I was very convincing.

Too convincing.

“Do you want to hold her?” Mom inquired in a hushed tone, as if it were a
great honor bestowed only upon the most worthy of visitors to the baby’s
shrine.

“That’s okay,” I said, summoning all of the firm politeness I could muster.

“It’s all right; you can hold her,” she assured me.

“No, thank you,” I replied, less politely and more firmly, well aware from
past experience that even the least doting of new parents would refuse to
believe that there could be a woman on earth who didn’t really want to hold
the baby.

“Aw, come on, you know you want to!” she urged, prompting me to wonder whether
she and the kid were part of a grand conspiracy to make a mom out of me
whether I wanted it or not. “Here, just take her for a minute,” she repeated,
dumping the kid in my lap as if it were a grocery bag I was supposed to bring
out to the car. “I’ll be right back.”

So then I had to sit there with my arms out holding the kid’s head up like
you’re supposed to, and wondering when this enforced bonding time was going to
be over, and how many more years I would have to put up with this annoying
little creature and the brothers and sisters that would soon follow it, and
then she reached out with her tiny pink fist, and grabbed hold of my index
finger in the sweetest, most endearing gesture you have ever seen.

“Forget it, kid,” I said scornfully. “That’s the oldest trick in the book.
You’re not winning me over with that.”

A sentimental sigh ruffled the air behind my back and I whipped my head around
to find Frank peering covertly at the tender scene from the edge of the
doorway. “Oh, how cute!” he declared, springing ecstatically into the nursery,
evidently unabashed at being so red-handedly caught spying. “You look so
natural sitting there with a baby on your lap!”

“Forget it, bub,” I answered, glaring up at him. “You’re not winning me over
with that old trick. You like it so much, you take it!”

He opened his arms to grab hold of the wee darling, and laid her across his
chest, prompting her punctually to spit up all over it. And then another, more
powerful stench filled the room, causing the dreamy mist to fall abruptly from
Frank’s eyes like an old-time theater curtain over a completed movie fantasy.
Staring horrified at the hand that had been supporting the baby’s bottom as if
it were contaminated, he set her ruefully down in the crib and yelled for Mom
and Dad to come and fix her.

“Whew!” he exclaimed, plainly disgusted, struggling to remove the spit-up from
his shirt with a baby-wipe while the baby’s piercing cries rang throughout the
bunny-lined nursery. “That’s why I’m glad we are never going to have
children.”

I looked with new respect and appreciation at the screaming, stinking little
bugger and wondered whether she and I had more in common than I’d thought. And
with that I reached down into the crib, grasped the baby gently by that pint-
sized fist and whispered, “Thanks, kid. You might not be so bad after all.”

