### Mother's ruin by blossum

**Date Added:** 2013-04-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** An over bearing mother who cant stand to see her son happy, 

* * *

Look at her, standing there as brazen as brass. And wearing white in a church,
huh, scarlet more like. Its far too tight, her thrupennys are thrust up nearly
to her chin. That vicar wants to take care, if that’s dress bursts open she’ll
have his eye out. Mind you, judging from this congregation I bet half have
seen them any ways.

Look at the gormless idiot standing next to her with the big smile on his
face. Any body would think he’d won the prize cow when all he got infact was a
heffa.

Three times she's left him, three times and still he took her back. Heart
broken he was. And who was it that picked up he pieces? That would be me. Was
I thanked? Was I heck. She comes back shaking her what knots and he’s off like
a rat up a drain pipe. How many times could she hurt him? How many more times
would she be unfaithful before he sees that I’m right? And I am. Oh she’s a
bad ‘un that Gloria, lose morals, just like her mother. It’ll end in tears,
I’ve told him.

I still can’t get over the white dress, it’s a mockery. Look at her Mother
sitting there pretending to cry. Who’s that sitting next to her? Is that
husband one or is that number three?, I’ve lost count how many she’s had. Bet
one thing, bet its not Gloria’s Dad. I doubt she even knows who Gloria’s Dad
is. Five kids and not one has the same Father. It’s a disgrace.

Oh, the vicar is just about finished. Mind you it was a nice service. The
vicar is well liked here. I never realised he had such a pointed nose before.
He was short too. I would have to say his head was level with Gloria’s
cleavage, not that you get away from it, it practically bursting out. The
organ player was good. Its nice to have good music.

They’ll be off to sign to sign the register now then, it‘s all legal. There’s
a lot of women in here in fancy hats. Her mother has a coral hat with a wide
brim. She would need it with that face. More paint on than a clown.

Here they come back to the alter, their first walk as man and wife. He comes
over to me smiling and hugs me.

“ What do you think of my new bride mum?” He says proudly.

I force a smile. “ Oh son, she looks a vision in white. Oh Gloria, I’ve never
seen a more beautiful looking bride. I bet your mam is proud of you.”

Yeah well just you watch it lady. I’ll be here waiting when you dump him,
because you will, you trollope.

He’s my son first, your husband second, I’ll make sure you remember that when
you're living under my roof.

?

This is my first short story i hope you enjoy it, i would welcome any feed
back, thank you.

?

