### Will power by blossum

**Date Added:** 2013-04-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** when sometimes we all need a little more than will power to help us slim 

* * *

Will Power

?

I’ve been struggling to get into these ‘fat pants’ for the past five minutes.
My Motherhad bought me them as a present, personally I would have preferred a
box ofchocolates. I stare at myself in the mirror. Weren’t these supposed to
slim you downa size? I can’t say I see much of a difference. I know one thing,
they’re ugly looking things, how can anyone find you sexy in these?. They’re
supposed to, according to the packet, to slim down your thighs ( that would
take some effort judging by my hunk of thighs), inch in your waist line and
smooth out any lumps and bumps. Lets face it, it’s just lycra, and this was
like mission impossible. Nothing was going to make me look slimmer, not even
Super Slimmers Diet Club could help me do that, but here I was ready to give
it another go. It’s not that I’m fat, just big boned so my Mother keeps
telling me (but there’s a lot of meat on those bones).

I don’t like the look of these so called ‘fat pants’ they’re a flesh colour
tone that hold you in just under your bra and cut off just below your thigh
just like shorts, or in my case, two inches above the knee because I’m on the
short side. They look hideous. My Granny had laughed her socks off when she
saw them out of the packet, she reckoned her girdle looked better, and judging
from I can see she’s probably right. Maybe it’ll look better when it’s covered
up. I slip my dress over my head and smooth it down. Looking at my reflection
I’m quite impressed. I turn from side to side, yep no bulges. Hey maybe this
could work. I lift up my skirt slightly and there it is, I look like I’m
wearing Granny bloomers. I can’t go out wearing these, the slightest gust of
wind and my dress would be over my head!. I wonder if I could roll up the
legs? I start roling them up but don’t get far, they’re far to tight like
that, I wouldn’t be able walk. Maybe I’ll just wear my jeans. on top of them.
I pull my dress back over my head and throw it on the bed with all the rest of
my clothes I’d been trying on. Nothing looked right. I pull on my jeans, at
least those felt comfy. I hunt in my wardrobe for a jumper. Abig purple one
springs out at me. Yeah, that was comfy too. You see that’s my problem, I like
comfy.I would rather be comfortable than stylish. Truth was I didn’t have the
confidence to do style at a size 16.

I worked in an office all day sitting down. I rarely strayed far from my desk
unless it was to go for lunch and even then there would be endless supplies of
coffee during the day and I couldn’t have them without a biscuit or a piece
cake. So the weight crept up. I had just broken up with my boyfriend of four
years so I suppose I was comfort eating.Then I had seen him in Town last week
with his latest girlfriend, a very leggy blonde with a smile hat could blind
you. No wonder he had dumped me. I wernt back to my office and ate a whole
packet of chocolate digetives and crid in the toilet. It was then I decided to
take action. I joined Super Slimmers again and this time I was sticking to it.
A friend from work said she’d go with me but let me down at the last minute.

I stare at my reflection once more, it would have to do. I slide on my flat
shoes and grabmy handbag. This was a new beginning for me and I was determined
to do it this time. The class was held in our local Church Hall which was
roughly about a ten minutes walk way. It was a cool crisp night so I decide to
put a step on it, I could make it in about seven mintes at a good pace.

I filled in the form and waited. There were other women there that were bigger
than I was so at least I didn’t feel to out of place. And there were some men
too. There was a rather sullen teenage boy there with, I presumed, was his
mother. He certainly didn’t look very happy to be there.

The woman in charge droned on about fats and carbs, I have to say I tuned out
after a while, I’d heard it all before, I knew the drill, it was sticking to
it that I had a problem with. So we got weighed, it was done very discreetly
which was just as well, I weighed five pounds lighter on these scales than I
did at home. I felt better already. Maybe it was my new fat pants.

After being given a recipes and a new diet sheet it was time to leave. I walk
out of the hall feeling like a new women. I conjure up in my mind of
interesting things to do with pasta and chicken, semi skimmed milk and low fat
cheese….... Then it happens. It never fails. The smell of freshly cooked fish
and chips waft up my nose. The lure of vinegar, tomato sauce and maybe even
mushy peas cloud my mind. My feet have a will of there own and now I’m
standing at the counter of the brightly lit chippy. I watch the chips sizzling
in the fryer, the hiss as yet another fish hit’s the oil. A chubby man with a
huge friendly smile greets me from behind the counter. “ Hiya Sophie, have you
been to Super Slimmer's?" He asks brightly.

I nod feeling embarrassed. “ Umm, yes.”

" What's it to be then love?"

I try desperately to think of something that is allowed on my diet it sheet.
Lets face it we’re in the middle of a fish shop there’s not going to be
anything low in fat here.

“ I haven’t seen you around for a while, you look like you’ve lost weight.”

His words take me by surprise. “ Really?” I’m quite chuffed actually, maybe
those knickers are magic after all.

“ That Super Slimmer’s must be really good. I was thinking of giving it a go
my self. What do you reckon?”

“ Umm, yeah, why not.”

He leaned towards me, “ Only I’m a little shy around new people, I was
thinking that maybe I could go with you, what do you think?”

I never noticed how blue his eyes were before, he was quite nice looking
actually." Don't see why not.” I smile and blush at the same time.

“ I’m off next Wednesday night will it be on then?” He asks.

“ It’s on every Wednesday.”

“ Do you think that maybe we could go out one night and you can tell me all
about

it?”

I can feel myself light up inside. “ I’d like that, thanks.”

“ So what’s it going to be then Sophie, on the house, my treat.” He winks.

“ Oh, umm ,just cod bites I think.” Well I am on a diet. And now I had a date.

May be these were my lucky knickers after all.

?

?

?

?

?

?

