### Borrowed Time by qmpash

**Date Added:** 2013-05-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** An odd case of mistaken identification. 

* * *

**Borrowed Time**

**By**

**Herb Kaufman**

John was in a disgruntled mood as he came to his office. Later in the day he
was still despondent when a tall, thin-faced man with fine features entered
his office. The man was about forty years of age, with a frosty and far-away
manner. He stared at John with a calculating eye and one of clear annoyance.
His manner clearly indicated a certain lack of respect, even though John could
not recollect ever meeting the man. The man lit a cigarette and looked John
straight in the eye with cold, unfeeling eyes. John suddenly remembered the
“loan” that he had made with a local loan shark and had been unable to pay. He
knew that his “lender” had been looking for him, but so far John had been able
to avoid his “collection” agents. Looking at the apparition in front of him,
he began to fear that his string of good luck had finally come to an end, as
he knew one day that it might.

The specter sitting in front of him was dressed in a neatly-pressed, striped
business suit and looked like a respectable businessman except for a slight
bulge in his coat. Horrible thoughts went through John’s mind as he tried to
discern the man’s purpose. Finally, John spoke, _“Is there something I can do
for you?”_

There was a second or so of an inert stillness that seemed to last for an
eternity. With that same cold look the man replied, _“I believe that you know
why I’m here Mr. Price.”_

_“Well look,”_ said John trying to think of something that might save him, _“I
have been meaning to get around to my obligations, but business has been
poorer than expected. I’m sure that we can come to an equitable agreement that
would compensate your employer adequately for his trouble.”_

_ “My supervisor is not interested in money from you, Mr. Price.”_

_ “Look, let’s be reasonable. If anything happens to me the person you work
for gets nothing. He loses both the principle and interest. That’s bad
business.”_

_ “My employer isn’t interested in principle or interest.”_

_ _John began to feel little beads of sweat going down the back of his neck.
His words seemed to have had no visible effect on the man. John looked again
into that frozen face and said_, “Listen, I’m not rich, at least right now,
but maybe you and I can come to some agreement. Maybe you can tell him that
you couldn’t find me.”_

A small, sardonic smile suddenly appeared on the man’s face, the first sign of
any emotion, _“Come now Mr. Price. You know that isn’t ethical. And, if I lied
to my employer and he found out about it, it might prove a bit embarrassing
for me.”_

John gulped, fearing that the next few minutes might be his last, _“Look
mister, I don’t know if you have a wife and family, but I do. What about
them?”_

Again came the cold, unfeeling stare of the man before him, _“What about them
indeed, Mr. Price? I don’t see what your family has to do with our business
today. Business is business and family is family.” _

_ “Who’s going to take care of them if something happens to me?”_

_ “Come now Mr. Price, you sound like a blue-collar worker rather than an
entrepreneur. Isn’t that what life insurance is for? Surely, as an astute
businessman you recognize the possibility that such a day would eventually
occur. Are you trying to tell me that you have made no provisions for them and
now are trying to shift that responsibility unto me, a total stranger? Why
should I be responsible for your obligations?”_

_ “No, no, that’s not what I’m saying.”_

_ “Then, just what is it that you are saying?”_

_ “I’m saying that I don’t want to die.”_

_ “Come now Mr. Price,” _he said in an unsympathetic and calculated tone,_
“Everyone dies. It’s just a question of time. Who’s to say that you wouldn’t
be hit by a car after leaving your office some day? Or perhaps a heart attack
or stroke? You see Mr. Price we all are living on borrowed time and we must
prepare for that eventuality if we are judicious. In fact, that is a standard
consideration in my line of work.”_ The last statement from the unknown
stranger sent rivulets of fear throughout John’s body. He knew in his heart
that the next few minutes might be his last on earth.

_ _Price looked at his tormentor, _“Please, give me a break. Couldn’t you give
your employer a call and tell him I’m good for the money? I’d give you
something for your trouble. I’m not a bad guy. Tell him that I’m having a
temporary streak of bad luck and that things are about to turn around. You
wouldn’t be lying to him. I’ll give you a thousand, no—two thousand dollars
for your trouble. Besides, your employer would end up getting even more than
he anticipated”_

_ “Mr. Price, are you trying to bribe me? That isn’t ethical. I could get into
big trouble for that. Besides, my employer sees to it that I am very well
paid. Now, you wouldn’t want to jeopardize a relationship like that, would
you?”_

_ “No, of course not” _said John, with a sigh. No sooner had he said this when
he noticed the man’s right hand slipping under his left vest, where the bulge
was. John closed his eyes preparing for the inevitable searing pain, as well
as the violent shock of a red-hot bullet tearing into his chest or head,
sending him into oblivion. A moment of silence hung in the air like a dense
fog before he heard the man’s voice, _“Mr. Price, please open your eyes. I
need your signature on this contract for the new chapel you agreed to build
for Reverend O’Malley so I can give you the church’s certified check for
$10,000 for the down payment, in return.”_

