### The Skier by Rico.Viejo

**Date Added:** 2013-05-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Maybe this one... 

* * *

  
Hey! Yeah! Valerie? This is Paul? You know, from the online dating? You
eMailed me your phone number? Yeah, Hi! Yeah. I’m great. Good to talk to you!
You have a nice voice, too.

Your profile said you’re looking for a guy who skis. Yeah. You’ve got one.
I’ve got some skis somewhere. Maybe in the back of the garage at the condo.
They’ve got someone girl’s name engraved in them, but, hey! Got my own skis.
No rentals for me. Boots and poles, too.

When did I ski last? Not too long ago. Can’t remember exactly. It was some
place in Vermont. Killington? Cold as hell but they had an outdoor heated
swimming pool with chicks in bikinis jumping in and out. Ooh-Whee! But the bad
part was: Freeze your butt off in the lift lines. Then I got on this steep
trail that was all rocks and ice, and I had to take my skis off and slide all
the way down on my butt. That was that for the day—for skiing, that is. But
there was this big barn-like place at night with a band and beer. And snow-
bunnies! Whoa! There was this English girl with a cast on her leg. Whoops!

When did I last actually go down a hill on skis? I think that weekend. What a
weekend! My buddy and I went up: our wives didn’t ski; left them home with the
kids. Come to think of it, none of my ex’s ever skied. Anyhow there were these
girls ... Oh, boy! Gor, Blimey!

How many times have I been married? I didn’t put that in? Oh, you know, three.
You? How many times have you been married? Once? Hey! You’re not that old!
You’re okay-looking. According to your picture; I’m sure you have a better
one. There’s always a chance you can up the count.

Current wife? Let’s say I’m not living with her.  
  
But you and I were talking about a shared interest in skiing. We’re not
talking about the past. We’re talking potential here. I mean, meeting you for
coffee at the bookstore in Manchester sounds like a great idea. And I’ll bring
my skis. Run over to the condo and pick them up. Tell the bitch I’m selling
them or something. Then if we hit it off—and I’m sure we will—I mean, from
your picture—can’t wait to see more of you—lots more—we can try the slopes
before we...

Oh, you’re not interested in a guy who’s just trolling for sex? Well, you
would be if I told you my fantasy. You don’t want to hear my fantasy? You’re
hanging up? You’ve got to hear it, just take a second. Okay? You’ll listen?
Okay. Like, after we've done it a couple of times, we get out of bed and go
ski naked, just boots and skis, to cool off, and I hit a mogul and fall down
on my face in the snow and you ski over and I’m all helpless and you squat
over my head and give me a golden... Hello? Hello? Bitch! Bitch hung up on me!
This online dating is...

If she thinks I’m calling her back. Hah! Now. What’s the next bitch looking
for? Long walks on the beach?

