### Temptation by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2013-09-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Satan himself meets a girl he dreamed about for many years. It is so easy to take all the time when you are used to it, so hard to give it away. 

* * *

"Lucifer, you old devil, wilt thou ne'er be cured of your lasciviousness, you
monster?"  
  
"I might have known it would be you catching me out, my old friend, you still
as righteous as ever?" I sighed, bowing to the inevitable. He was always there
to spoil my fun, I thought. Always. Without fail. Omni-something or other.
Caught red-handed but then I have always been red-handed.  
  
The girl was young and shy, an innocent. Pretty, of course, she had to be
pretty, slight of body and completely bereft of worldly experience. A jewel
whose sparkle I would gladly add to my unending collection.  
  
I had been working my charm on her for a couple of days, ever since I spotted
her working in the fast food restaurant. Well, I'm partial to anything flame-
grilled as you well know. So eventually, under an intense charm offensive, she
agreed to meet me after work for a coffee.  
  
I, for the purposes of enjoying my regular seared minced beef sandwich with
extra fries and a gigantic sugary drink which would rot my teeth if my pearly
whites were even remotely mortal, looked like your average spotty feckless
youth who would normally be rather shy and retiring. But when I saw the maiden
Gwen behind the counter, I knew she would be absolutely perfect for what I
wanted, something I realised I had sought for so long.  
  
Gwendolyn Parks was barely 18, had just started studying nursing at a local
college and needed to work to fund her studies; I instinctively knew she was
having trouble with biology. Hi, I had said to her on our first meeting,
placing my order for as burnt a burger as they could manage, plus extra large
fries, you must be the prettiest girl in here! I'm Marvin, by the way (okay, I
lied, that's what I do, and do it so well, as it happens) and I'm majoring in
biology and looking for some spare-time tutoring - know anyone who wants any
help, do'yer?  
  
Well, er, it depends on the cost, Gwen had timidly confided, leaning into me
and lowering her sweet voice to a whisper, biting her ripe lower lip
nervously. No charge, I said, all out of the, for want of a better phrase, the
"goodness of my heart". She brightened, so trusting, so sweet, so ...
unbelievably gullible. Oh yeah, she was ripe and tender, she would taste so
delectable. I realised that I had seen the very likeness of her before. Oh
yes. She could be a twin of ... well, we never ever ever speak of her!  
  
This was going to be soooo delicious, so much better than all those
unrecognisably pork kebabs and "ground beef" knish I had devilishly managed to
work into the Halal and Kosher food chains recently. All that furore about
horse meat, the rise of UKip, the latest Xbox, all my designs. But all that
was chicken feed compared to this sweet savour.  
  
So when Gwen finished her shift I took her for a coffee and happily gave her a
few ideas for her next biology assignment, which she noted enthusiastically
onto her well-thumbed notepad with her oversized pink fluffy pen in her
childish handwriting. I always say, if it's not written in blood it doesn't
count.  
  
Gwen had never had Caribbean coffee before, so I got her a second, then a
third and talked her into a fourth before taking her back to my room for
further tuition, naturally.  
  
Well, it wasn't my room actually, but the boy that did have the room had been
tempted to stay the night elsewhere with a rather ugly but buxom strumpet who
was delighted to have some handsome boy pay more attention to her fat arse
than anyone had ever done before.  
  
I sat Gwen on the end of the bed, pointing out how hot it was in that tiny
room, could I be so bold as to help her take off her sweater? Of course I
could, she said, it was only natural as she was so hot (oh yes, she was hot,
in an innocent sort of way), and I did help her with loosening her apparel.  
  
And that's when He put in an appearance, naturally, spoilsport that He is. Of
course His appearance was not as Biblical as usual, that would be disturbing
in that place the humans amusingly call the "real world", in much the same way
as me in cloven hooves and horns would give rise to a less than relaxed
attitude towards me by any of my new acquaintances.  
  
No, His appearance was young and tall and gangly, with a shock of curly red
hair, wearing boffinish glasses and looking innocently nurd-like. He had a
varsity sweatshirt with the number 7 on it, which looked quite cool, well,
cool for Him. I immediately adapted one with 666 on it. In the state Gwen was
in by then she wouldn't have noticed my instant change of clothing.  
  
It's a fair cop, I said to Him, but now you are here, may I introduce you to
my dear friend Gwen?  
  
Of course, He said as always. He always was unnaturally polite.  
  
As soon as they touched hands and looked into each other's eyes, I worked my
little bit of temptation magic.  
  
Have we met before ...? she had said to Him hesitatingly, chewing her lower
lips exactly like ... Her.  
  
You look so familiar, He then replied slowly, His mind no doubt full of sweet
memories of the past. He was lost in those eyes, so similar to another ...
another ... virgin, so long ago. Eyes that He would never forget, but then He
never forgot anything.  
  
I let myself out of the room quietly.  
  
I love to hover at bedroom doors listening proudly to the results of my
brilliant temptations. Naughty, I know, but naughty is, well naughty IS my
thing.  
  
And, while I love to revel in another of my supreme triumphs, probably the
supreme triumph of my everlasting career, I swear that if Gwen screams out "Oh
my God!" one more time tonight, then I'm going to be sick!  
  
  
THE END.  
  

