### God, the inside story. (Chapter Five) by Paulconnell

**Date Added:** 2013-10-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** More of the above - full work available as a Kindle on Amazon 

* * *

  
All day breakfast

______________________

Cautiously I opened my room door, noting the absence of a lock. What did that
mean? No crime? No privacy? No secrets?

Or maybe just no locks.

Whatever, I stepped out and followed the bar-room noises to their source. I
entered to find Joshua behind a long, rough hewn wooden bench on which bottles
and barrels were arrayed. He was wiping the surface with a grimy rag and
cocking a half-attentive ear to the conversation of a scrofulous ragged group
of ne'er-do-wells gathered round pints at the far end of the bar. Not that I’m
entirely sure what scrofula is but this lot looked like they might have it,
and one or two other ailments to boot. A few questionable figures sat silent
and isolated elsewhere in the shadows of the cavernous saloon.

Joshua spotted me. ‘Mister McAdam, come in, come in! Feeling a bit fresher be
we? Good. Now, gents make Mr McAdam at home and don’t stare, Asa!’

This instruction was directed at the gangliest, rangiest and most youthful of
the creatures grouped behind him, who nonetheless continued to stare.

I tried not to stare back and moved to the bar-table, if only because Joshua
was the only familiar thing about this scene and therefore slightly less
intimidating than the rest. Only slightly, mind you.

‘Now Mr McAdam,’ he smiled, ‘I expect you'll be wantin’ some wittles and
perhaps a drink.’

‘Sounds good,’ I replied. ‘What do you have?’

This caused him some mirth. ‘What do we ‘ave? Very good, very good. We ‘ave
anything at all, Mr McAdam. This is, er... this be paradise after all. Why
don’t you ‘ave a nice glass of ale while you make up your mind and then I’ll
fetch your food?’

This seemed a good idea. Adopting my best hail-fellow-well-met saloon bar
manner, I decided it was time to pick up some local gossip and atmosphere. Not
local colour, though. From a quick glance I had decided that it would be best
not to contract whatever caused the unhealthy pallor of some of these
particular locals.

‘Good idea, and since the Almighty is footing the bill, you might as well join
me gents. What can you recommend?’ I ventured to the ragged group, headed by
Asa.

This brought a very positive reaction and the dark knot of suspicious yokelry
separated into five smiling, welcoming peasants almost instantly.

‘That’s very kind Sir. Of course we’ll have a drink with you,’ answered Asa in
a surprisingly modulated, almost Oxbridge, accent. ‘The mild’s very nice but
personally I think the best is best.’

‘Nah!’ Another man, an untypically swarthy, thick-set type butted in, in a
gruff but friendly tone, ‘the porter’s the thing for the gent, tired after a
hard day’s travellin’.’

‘Well I can always sample both,’ I said, not wishing to prolong this
fascinating debate. A corner of my consciousness recorded that they knew I’d
been travelling. ‘A pint of best for me for starters Joshua, and whatever the
gentlemen would like.’

Joshua pulled pints all round, the others’ into the pewter tankards they
already held, mine into a bog-standard straight glass. There was much mutual
introduction, raising of drinks and invocation of healths. The beer was clean,
malty, full, delicately hopped and just plain delicious. I could get to like
this place, I thought, but not yet. Eventually we were all settled.

‘So what do you all do down here then?’ I asked.

‘We’re the mob,’ answered the swarthy one whose name, I had picked up, was
Malchus.

‘Mob?’ I frowned, ‘which mob?’

‘The all purpose mob, the fickle populace, Mr McAdam,’ answered Asa. ‘Always
called on when an unthinking, unruly rabble is needed, right throughout
history. ‘Discontent personified’ someone called us once which I reckoned was
quite reasonable. Of course,’ he broke off, looking around him, ‘we aren’t all
here tonight.’

‘So you just turn up whenever a crowd’s needed?’ I queried. ‘A rentamob in
other words?’

‘Prompt. And at very reasonable rates,’ confirmed another tall slim fellow,
whose name was, I think, Elvis. ‘Though of course we ain’t had the same calls
on our time since we came down ‘ere, mussbe about oh nearly two thousand years
now. Not till recently anyhows.’

‘So you were active in Biblical times?’ I suggested, unsure of which of the
umpteen fascinating nuggets in these last contributions I should dig at.

The group erupted in laughter.

‘Active, Mr McAdam?’ snorted Asa. ‘We’re in all the best bits. We are the best
bits; lauding Jesus's entry into Jerusalem, demanding the freeing of Barabbas,
goading Peter on the night of the Crucifixion...’

‘It was me that shouted for Barabbas first,’ claimed Elvis.

‘You lying bastard,’ yelled Ahab, a stocky grossly-acned youth. ‘That were
me!’

Elvis changed the subject. ‘It was always the stonings I loved best. Never see
a decent stoning nowadays. I remember doing Saint Stephen. Saul was in charge
of that of course; just a young man then, before he became Paul, or was that
when we kebabbed Sebastian?’ he looked doubtful, ‘anyway don’t matter. They
all looked much the same by the time we’d bounced a few sharp ‘uns off their
skulls.’

‘Thassright,’ chimed in the one, who I think might have been Lemuel. ‘I
remember getting him with a big flat boulder right in the back of the neck.
Went down like a sack of meal. Sweet as a nut.’ He smiled fondly at the
reminiscence.

‘So,’ I asked, ‘you said the mobbing business had been a bit slack till
recently. What’s been happening?’

‘Well it’s nothing compared to the old days but, we’ve had a little bit of
work from Peter’s office lately,’ replied Asa. ‘Just intimidating a few
Uppies, shouting, throwing the odd pebble, that sort of thing. That’s why
we’re here tonight. Did a bit of business today, need debriefing over a few
pints.’ He looked around his band seeking confirmation of their purpose and
several of them nodded vigorously.

‘Uppies?’ I queried.

‘Yeh, Uppies,’ Malchus explained. ‘Folks down here are either Downies, like
us, working for Peter and his office or Uppies, who deal with any contact with
your place; ambassadors, guardians, delegates, that sort of thing. Saul’s in
charge of them. We used to be Uppies which is when we did most of our best
work but we got transferred and now we hate bleeding Uppies.’

‘Though we like Uppies to bleed,’ Elvis pointed out, most helpfully.

‘Yes we do,’ Asa elaborated, ‘but it’s nothing personal, especially if someone
buys us a drink. It’s just handy knowing which side we’re on. Besides Downies
have always had more influence. Stands to reason, we’re here. They spend half
their time travelling. Peter’s always had more say with the Almighty.’

‘So why did he need you to frighten some Uppies today?’ I asked, remembering
Saul's “something's come up”. A few troubling words from this last
conversation had lodged in my mind and I wanted to keep these guys talking
while I digested this. The words were ‘your place’ - they know where I’m from.
I hadn’t told them. Is it that obvious or have they been briefed? By Joshua
mayhap, or by someone else? Careful here.

‘No idea,’ responded Asa, ‘we just do what we’re told and leave the politics
to others.’

The rest of the gang nodded vigorously at this sending the odd bit of flaking
skin careening into my glass. Fortunately, I noted with some surprise, my pint
was nearly finished. It had slipped down a treat.

‘Now now,’ Joshua butted in, returning from the top of the bar, ‘you don’t
want to be bothering our guest with politics and all that nonsense. Right sir,
have you decided what you’d like to eat?’

I hadn’t.

‘Anything at all?’ I inquired, doubtfully.

‘Anything at all,’ Joshua confirmed.

I let my imagination wander briefly round all the meals I’d ever had;
succulent sea-food in Sydney, voluptuous veal in Verona, delicious dim-sum in
Dalian; I’d explored the most exotic and alliterative combinations the world
had to offer. To what dish would I return?

It was no contest. Here in this peculiar place, I recognised that it was
comfort food I needed. I hadn’t been home for ages. Perhaps I’d never go home.

‘Can you do a good Scottish breakfast fry-up?’ I asked, ‘Ayrshire bacon,
square sausage, black pudding, dumpling...’

‘Potato scones? And Stornoway black pudding?’ enquired Joshua extemporising on
the theme.

‘Wonderful!’ I replied, ‘and a big pot of tea... and French toast with fluffy
white bread and beaten egg?’

‘No problem sir. Coming right up,’ he beamed, and promptly disappeared into
the depths of the tavern. I wondered briefly if there was an earth franchise
available on this operation. It would make a bomb.

I turned back to the mob.

‘So do you have any joint activities planned tomorrow?’ I asked.

‘Might do,’ answered Asa who, despite his youthful and distinctly bumpkinish
appearance, was clearly the leader. ‘I’ll be popping in to Peter’s to find out
in the morning. Do you want to come along and watch? You can even join in if
you want, we’ll show you some basic rioting techniques. Nothing too high-
skilled mind, wouldn’t want you to hurt yourself. That’s our job.’

He smiled at this. A joke. I smiled back.

‘I’ll leave word with Joshua if there’s anything doing,’ he quickly added.

‘Yes I would like to tag along, just to watch, though I might be occupied
myself,’ I answered, ‘but why cause bother like that when clearly this is, as
Joshua says, paradise? You seem to do fairly well without having to harass
Uppies. So why do it?’

They all thought about this, as if the question had not occurred to them
before now. Malchus chewed his lip worriedly. Only Asa appeared unfazed,
though he did not speak. Eventually Elvis answered.

‘Cause paradise is so fucking boring, that’s why.’

The others smiled and nodded in vigorous agreement.

‘Indeed,’ concurred Asa, with a quiet smile, ‘life down here is pretty good.
We want for nothing. It’s much more agreeable than when we were up, but
sometimes it just isn’t enough.’

‘And do many of the people down here feel that way?’ I asked.

They all thought about this too. Again it was Elvis who replied.

‘Yep.’

The others nodded and we lapsed into a ruminative silence. I was pondering all
of this, and wondering if my being billeted amongst this lot was a deliberate
but mystifying ploy on Saul’s part, or just a mistake by someone with a
tenuous grasp of the black arts of public relations, when Joshua returned.

‘Your supper’s ready Mr McAdam, if you’ll just follow me.’

He had been all of five minutes. I realised it wasn’t going to be much of a
meal. Despite the trappings this was clearly one of those straight out of the
freezer and into the microwave joints.

‘Well gents,’ I said, taking my leave, ‘it’s been fascinating to meet you. I
hope I’ll see you again, and perhaps accompany you on one of your sorties.’

‘Oh I think we’ll meet again, Mr McAdam,’ answered Asa, with a grin and a
steady direct gaze that could only be described as malicious, possibly even
threatening.

I dealt with it as I deal with most threats. I nodded, smiled and found
somewhere else to be. I followed Joshua through the maze of the inn.

‘Interesting bunch of regulars you have, Joshua.’

Joshua looked vaguely startled at this. ‘Oh they’re not particularly regulars
here, Sir. They tend to favour other taverns, but yes they’re a group I find
it’s best to keep in with.’

‘Did you tell them anything about me, at all, before I came through?’ I asked
casually.

‘No Sir, not my way at all,’ he shook his woolly jowls, ‘but they did seem to
be looking out for someone.’

‘Me?’

‘They didn’t say.’

‘Right.’ I nodded. Definitely suspicious, but significant? No doubt all will
unfold as it should. I just hope it doesn’t unfold all over me.

We came through a low archway into a small, empty, quiet dining chamber in
which a large table was laden with platters, bowls and trays of everything I
had requested. The traditional Scots breakfast is, even more than its Irish,
English or whatever rivals, essentially serious heart disease on a plate or,
in this case, lots of plates. It was represented here in all its dubious glory
by pounds of pinky-brown sausage in the unique Lornette square form favoured
at home, myriad rashers of bacon, cloutie dumpling in slices, tattie scones
thick with butter and gleaming savoury roundels of black pudding. Best of all
was a tray of that obscurely named delicacy, French toast, notable for being
neither particularly French nor at all toasted; just slices of puffy white
bread drenched in beaten egg and pan-fried. A large pot of tea steamed on one
flank. There was enough food here to sate the hungriest battalion.

‘I’ll never eat all this,’ I told Joshua’s disappearing back. It disappeared
anyway.

I was wrong. It was good. I did.

Afterwards I sat, unable to move, but contemplative and unsettled. This had
gone well beyond hallucination, beyond illusion. It had even gone beyond a
joke. I had, it appeared, been summoned to this place to act as a latter day,
global village Bernadette, by a press-relations apparatus that would disgrace
the meanest and most Luddite spin doctor. So what was this important message?
That Heaven was a pretty decent tourist destination with great catering, but
so boring the locals staged the odd ritual skirmish? That the scientific basis
of Western 21st century thought in Cartesian dualism might need a bit more
cogitating upon?

So? Big deal! Where’s the beef?

A clear head was what was needed. Clutching my distended stomach I found my
way, unnoticed by Joshua or anyone else, to the main door, through the yard
and into the street to take the air. It had grown dark while I ate and the
streets were empty save for the odd carriage clopping down the boulevard and
the occasional shadowy figure glimpsed on the opposite pavement. One was a
tall thin gent in a deerstalker hat and cape, striding purposefully along,
smoking a Meerschaum pipe. Sherlock Homes or Basil Rathbone? I would have
followed but I was not confident of my bearings and did not want to wander too
far.

Lights and the sounds of music, conversation and ordinary human, or even
superhuman, activity spilled from the Venetian tenements along the roads
around the inn. Turning a corner I found a row of shuttered shops; a small
grocery, a pungent fish-merchant’s premises, a wine-sellers. Notices in the
windows extolled their bargains in pretty standard English, even down to the
regulation misuse of the apostrophe in plural’s. I turned and headed back
towards the inn but was halted by the sight of livid graffiti on the wall
beside me. JESUS LIVES? in large regular pink paint had been crudely over-
sprayed in yellow with the scrawled words NON-XIAN THEISM NOW YA BASS.
Ruminating on the intellectual standard of vandals here, it crossed my mind
that I’d seen several pink Xs, crossed by yellow lines, daubed on walls during
today’s journeys I had taken them for some inexplicable heavenly architectural
fashion. Perhaps just so, perhaps there was a perfectly peaceable and sensible
explanation of this sort of vandalism desecrating the celestial environment.
Perhaps not.

So, signs of conflict, trouble in Paradise. Just words or is the mob’s
activity an indication that it has gone beyond reasoned debate? Or maybe
someone just fancied pink and yellow mock graffiti as a very urban decorative
theme and was trying it out here.

I retraced my steps back to Joshua’s. Entering the stable-yard I found the man
himself peering in evident agitation from the portico.

‘Ah there you be Sir,’ he exclaimed in obvious relief. ‘Just been for a
stroll, have we?’

‘Yes Joshua,’ I replied, noting the anxiety barely concealed behind his
bonhomie, ‘is it likely there would be any other explanation for my absence?’

I was teasing with this last little formality, but he didn’t acknowledge this.
He looked sheepish, shifty even, were it possible for a sheep to look shifty.
‘No sir, I just like to make sure guests are safe, especially when they’re the
Almighty’s guests. And you have some visitors in the bar, two gentlemen.’

He turned and again I found myself following his bulky figure through the inn.
We entered the bar and he indicated two men seated side by side at a table in
the dim rear of the saloon. Asa and his gang had gone. The two saw my arrival
but did not react. I asked Joshua to bring me a pint of porter and whatever my
visitors were having and joined them.

‘Evening gents, I believe you’re looking for me,’ I ventured, taking a pew
opposite.

They both studied me and I them.

On my left a 60’s acid casualty; translucent skin stretched over a cadaver
thin skull, out of which dark eyes blazed unblinking, topped with long straw-
like hair secured behind his head in a ponytail, loose faded cotton shirt,
sleeves rolled up to reveal skeletal arms. No needle marks evident at a quick
glance. On my right another throwback to the sixties but somewhat healthier in
mien; well built, weathered features, full beard and hair a greying brown,
wearing that once essential fashion statement, a distressed Mao jacket. They
looked like the kind of guys US state troopers occasionally flushed out of
heavily armed cult HQs somewhere in the Mojave.

‘Pleased to meet you Mr McAdam,’ said the healthy one in a vaguely mid-western
twang. ‘I am Judas and this is my friend John. You had asked to meet him and
as I normally accompany him, I took the liberty of coming along too.’

John did not speak but continued, disconcertingly, to stare at me. I offered
my hand which Judas shook and John ignored. Again I had to figure out where to
begin.

‘So, are you the Judas?’ was about all I could manage; not too bad in the
circumstances. I thought briefly about adding 'I'm your biggest fan' but he
might have been sensitive to sarcasm.

Judas smiled proudly. ‘Indeed I am.’

I didn’t, out loud at least, develop the thought that it hadn’t become too
popular a name after he’d finished using it, or hadn’t quite finished as it
turned out. As they don’t generally come in six packs, there hasn’t been a
whole lot of competition for the title of ‘the’ Judas.

‘And you,’ I continued, turning to John, ‘are the author of Revelations?’

John did not speak. Judas smiled even more broadly. ‘Indeed he is.’

Silence.

‘You're the strong, silent type then, John?’ I suggested.

‘Silence shall foreswear the wisdom of eternity, and strength will be found in
un-named places,’ whispered John.

I looked at Judas.

‘He means Yes, he is,’ he obliged.

I was confused. This was fast becoming my normal sort of state but I hadn’t
yet got used to it at that point.

‘Pardon me,’ I said, ‘but are you, is your friend, the John of the fourth
gospel and therefore your fellow apostle, or the one who wrote about what he
did on his holidays on Patmos in the last book of the Bible?’

‘Yes,’ said Judas, still smiling.

‘Greece is the word,’ said John quietly.

‘You can’t be both,’ I protested.

‘Who says?’ asked Judas without apparent rancour. John stayed mum.

Who, indeed, did say? Biblical authorities? I had a vague recall of some
dispute between the western and eastern churches on that one but hadn’t felt
the details worth filing away. Those guys did schism like you and I do lunch.
Was I going to quote a few mediaeval theological critics against two of the
original Galilee Broadway cast?

‘Forget it,’ I said, ‘my mistake.’

Judas smiled, John stared. It wasn’t mentioned again so I guess they forgot
it.

Silence.

Joshua arrived, most timeously, with drinks; a pint of foaming porter for me
and two tiny glasses of foul-smelling yellow stuff, might have been absinthe
might have been nitro-glycerine, for the comrades. He lifted their empties and
scurried off without a word. I think they made him nervous. I can’t imagine
why.

I looked at them again and they looked at me again.

‘So you’re pretty much a team then?’ I asked.

‘One voice is a small thing in the great desert, but two voices shall sound as
thunder,’ replied John helpfully.

‘Yes,’ said Judas, ‘as you can see my colleague has some problems in the
communication skills department, so I act as a minder cum interpreter.’

‘Right, I see,’ I said.

I didn’t. See, that is. I sipped my pint of porter. It was lovely, oddly
enough.

‘You had asked to see John,’ went on Judas. ‘Was it for anything in
particular?’

Good question. Long before my recent ringside seat at the rehearsal for its
theatrical adaptation, I’d found the Bible’s last book the most interesting. A
lot of my generation had done so. Somewhere in its impenetrable horror there
was a distorted but technicolour reflection of our day-glo youths. All it had
needed was a few bad trips and our coincidental proximity to the end of a
Millennium and one of the many unfortunate by-products of the summer of love
was a big fan base for demented end-time theology. I knew this well. I’d met
lots of them. I’d nearly been one of them. Presented with the chance to meet
the full range of biblical players it had needed little thought to include
amongst the must-see brigade the author of such classic verses as;

_'...the locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle and on their
heads_

_ were crowns like gold and their faces were as the faces of men, their hair _

_ as the hair of women, and their teeth the teeth of lions'._

But what to say? ‘I loved the book. Can you sign this copy of Revelations and
write ‘from John, best wishes for Doomsday’, oh and do you have any signed
photos. It’s for my mum really’?

No, I didn’t think so either.

‘Well,’ I ventured, ‘I visited the rehearsal field on the way here and found
it fascinating, so it seemed to make sense to meet the script-writer, so to
speak, and get his views on Armageddon.’

Judas nodded. John frowned.

‘Many shall be prepared but none shall be ready,’ suggested John. We both
looked at him.

‘Yes,’ grimaced Judas through clenched teeth, ‘I wouldn’t, honestly, take all
that too seriously, Mr McAdam. My friend was having a particularly difficult
time when he wrote all that, and it’s not as if there’s anything contractual
about the whole Doomsday deal. He was asked to come up with a scenario, a
script as you called it, and he did, a bloody good one if you ask me, stood up
well to the test of time as your interest in it indicates. But people down
here have to be kept busy, and what you saw is more about that than anything
else.’

A tiny tensing of his shoulders indicated to us that John wished to come in
here.

‘The bow shall mourn the loss of the arrow,’ he said, quite cheerfully. I
turned to Judas for an exegesis of this.

‘Absolutely,’ he concurred with his mate. ‘You see Mr McAdam, the entire
business of this place is the governance of Creation; watching, influencing,
interpreting, judging, admitting, condemning, allotting. Everyone here has a
clear role in one of these functions or serves those who do. We have no
industry and only some limited inter-communal commerce. We produce nothing but
government.’

‘Sounds like Washington,’ I suggested, ‘but what’s Armageddon got to do with
that?’

Judas looked interested. ‘Washington, Federal capital of the USA, I’d love to
see it, but we’re not considered suitable for up duty nowadays, or at least
he’s not and I couldn’t really leave him.’

He gave John a glance that might have been wistful, might have been resentful,
and I wondered about the precise nature of this relationship. Judas suddenly
broke out of his musing and turned all brisk on me.

‘To answer your question; preparation for the end is one thing that gives it
all some point. It’s something around which everyone can unite and it stops
them asking difficult questions. What few people down here stop to think of is
what it would involve. Without Creation what would everyone here do? More to
the point what would the Almighty do without something to lord it over? He
could start again but I’m not sure he’s got the patience anymore, all that
hanging around waiting for the fires to die down.’

‘MAD,’ I suggested, thinking of God's comparison of the process of creation to
sweating.

He looked at me coldly. ‘Naive, foolish perhaps but I think that’s a bit
severe.’

‘No I mean Mutually Assured Destruction,’ I leapt to explain. ‘It’s a concept
from the study of potential nuclear war, during the Cold War, before the
Berlin Wall came down. If one side, of two equally well-armed adversaries,
uses its potential to destroy an enemy it will assure its own destruction. Not
an exact parallel, but you seem to be suggesting that the use of the threat of
Armageddon is enough to maintain some sort of stability, its use would be a
sort of mutual suicide. M dot A dot D.’

Judas thought about this and smiled. ‘MAD. Yes that’s good, and pretty near
the mark, though the Almighty wouldn’t see Creation as an adversary, more an
unavoidable and slightly tiresome obligation, and it wouldn’t be our
destruction per se, so much as self deprivation of a central purpose. Yes,
M.A.D, I like that. I’d love to go up and study some of these issues properly.
I believe...’

John, who had been sitting alert but silent, twitched and delivered himself of
another epigram. I began to suspect him of being a Readers Digest subscriber.

‘Shall a man sue for possession of the contents of his cess-trench?’

We both looked at him. He smiled. My nose told me someone had farted. Not I,
honest.

‘Right,’ I said.

‘Right,’ said Judas.

‘So,’ I continued, ‘for the sake of stability, the events foretold by your
friend here have to be planned for, but are never likely actually to happen.
Who arranges this stuff? I know there are the up and down departments but how
does the politics of this place function?’

Judas leaned back confidently. ‘That is something we can tell you about. Being
Apostles, we’re not formally attached to either camp so we’re both in a good
position to observe. Right John?’

John brooded momentarily and then spoke, in fact sang, softly. ‘And when they
were up they were up, and when they were down, they were down ...’

He grinned broadly at me and I wondered if he was taking the piss with the
whole gnomic utterances act. Best to play along for the moment however.

‘Neither up nor down,’ I sang, badly. ‘That’s you two, and the other ten or
so.’

Judas nodded. ‘Peter sort of assumes we’re with him and most of the original
group still are, but of late some of us have been asking questions. We’re not
with Paul, but we’re not necessarily agin’ him.’

This seemed to be getting to the nub. ‘What’s been happening of late? I gather
there have been conflicts. What are they about?’

‘Those who shelter under the branches should not cut down the tree for
firewood,’ suggested John.

Judas nodded again. ‘Right, good one. Well put, man. Yes there has been a bit
of tension. To put it very briefly, Saul has convinced the Almighty that the
whole Christian thing has got too big and is overshadowing the original
biblical message, hence Saul’s rediscovery of his Jewish roots.’

‘And hence my summons to see the Almighty,’ I mused, ‘presumably so the
original messages can be re-emphasised. What part is Jesus playing in all
this?’

‘Probably you’re right. As to Jesus, he’s no politician, but the old guard
don’t trust Saul. Polly-come-lately they call him, because he wasn’t one of
the originals, and they may be trying to use Jesus to scupper all these
changes.’

‘And the old guard are?’

‘Peter, of course. He’s always seen himself as the custodian of the old ways;
takes his responsibilities as the rock very seriously, resented Paul coming
along and poking his nose in after all, or most, of the hard work, and the
getting martyred was done. Peter’s very staunch. What’s that saying you have;
_plus royaliste que le roi_? Goes back to all that nasty business in the
garden, denying three times, the cock crowing, all that palaver. He doesn’t
like to be reminded of that and doesn’t let anyone else get away with anything
that might smack of betrayal. Not that he’s the most extreme. Even he’s
keeping his distance from the Ultras nowadays.’

‘Ultras?’ I queried.

‘Yeh, nutters who reckon that we should definitely just scrap the lot and
start again. Big fans of my friend here, though he does nothing to encourage
it. Think the Apocalypse is a great idea. You’ll recognise them when you see
‘em. They wear biker gear.’

‘What, like leathers and distressed denim, that sort of stuff?’

‘Yes.’

‘That’s a bit odd isn’t it, as you don’t seem to have motor vehicles here?’

He thought briefly about it as if it had never struck him. ‘Yes, suppose so.
Anyway they were cuddling up to Peter for while there, but I hear he’s
realised they mean business. He doesn’t want them on his side.’

‘And who is on his side?’

‘Mary, mainly. She’d be the one who would bring Jesus into the plot, dutiful
son that he tries to be.’

‘Plot?’ I queried.

‘Yes, plot. Peter wants to retire the Almighty and put Jesus in as a
figurehead with him and Mary as the powers behind the throne. That’s why the
Ultras were courting him. Thought Jesus might want to just start from scratch
with his own ideas. But he won’t go that far. Peter’s terrified of Saul
gaining the upper hand with the Almighty and his own influence being reduced,
but he’s not that radical.’

This was a worrying set of ideas, indeed. Where do deities retire to? The
Dunreignin' Eventide home?

‘This is all a wee bit hard to take in,’ I said. ‘How could that happen? And
how do you know all this?’

Judas grinned. John smirked. I guessed it was four second homily time again.

‘Who looks shall see that the first shall be last and the last first,’ said
John.

‘There are ways of sidelining even the Almighty, Mr McAdam,’ added Judas, not
bothering to translate. ‘We don’t know these things for sure, any of them, but
we watch, we listen, we interpret. Now it is late and my companion needs his
rest. We must go. It’s been good to speak to you. Perhaps we’ll meet again
before you return.’

They rose as one and, without any ceremony, headed for the door. I followed,
trying to decide which of the million questions I still had to ask should come
first.

‘Yes, I hope so, but first, why are people here so helpful in answering my
questions? Won’t you get into trouble? Is there no censorship? Won’t the
Almighty be annoyed?’

Judas stopped, turned and smiled. ‘You, clearly, haven’t yet quite grasped
that this is, indeed, paradise. We’re in. What punishment can we fear?
Besides, by definition anyone who’s got in here hasn’t proved all that good at
lying in the past. Why start now?’

I thought about this as they reached the doorway.

Judas turned and added an afterthought back over his shoulder. ‘Also, it’s a
bit boring sometimes and we enjoy stirring it a bit.’

They turned again and were leaving.

I had a thought. ‘Hey John,’ I cried.

John looked back, eyes as black as the entrance to a desert tomb, Judas
frowning beside him.

‘If you can say it’s a braw bricht moonlicht nicht, well you’re a’richt ye
ken,’ I said.

(The great philosopher Lauder.)

John furrowed his brow momentarily then smiled and nodded in agreement. ‘Yes
you are right,’ he growled. Judas grinned with relief.

‘Pillocks,’ I thought.

Then they were gone. I stood in the door, catching the sharp, cool night air
in my lungs and trying to organise my thoughts. Not easy. To a cheery
goodnight from Joshua I made my way to my room, undressed and got into bed.
What I needed was a solid night’s rest but with all this before me there was
no way I could sleep.

I was wrong. I could. I did.

_I'll be posting the rest of this here over the period until Xmas. Doesn't
mean you can't still buy it on Amazon, though!_

