### FML! - S.3, Ep. 10 - Fin by AJ

**Date Added:** 2013-10-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** In this brief finale, order is restored, or is it? 

* * *

  
FML!

Season 3 Episode 10 Fin

Today, was the death of summer. The calm before the storm. My parents and I
were standing in the Principals office in our nice clothes. Roman stood across
from the principal.

“It is with great honor,” said Principal Daz, “That I present Roman with his
high school diploma.” She took the roll of paper tied with a yellow ribbon,
and placed it in his hand. He smiled and looked at her, she looked at him and
smiled. Neither of them let go of the diploma. They knew their little dirty
secret. And so did I. But who was I to tell? My parents just looked at them,
so proud of Roman.

_It was the calm before the storm._

“We are so proud of you!” Said mom. We were all in the car on our way to
breakfast to celebrate. “All that hard work paid off!”  
“Thanks mom. It’s nice to know that I have a bright future.”

“But you don’t,” said dad. “You’re not going to college nor do you know where
you’ll be in 5 years.”

While they spoke about Roman’s bleak, bleak future, Ana and I were texting. We
had been since the moment she left for Florida a couple weeks ago.

“Can you guys drop me off at home? I want to video chat with Ana.”

“No Chucky,” said mom. “This is family time.”

“Mom,” said Roman, “Let the twerp leave. This is my time to shine. He’s barely
part of the family.”

“Fuck off!”

“Why don’t you fuck off!”

“Why don’t both of you fuck on!” My dad ruined the moment. It was awkward.
“Okay I’ll take you home Chuck.”

“Thank you.”

So we went our separate ways. As usual. But it’s the way I like it. I don’t
feel part of this family.

When we got home I fell to the couch and continued to text Ana. I then
proceeded to go to my room and open my laptop. Within minutes, we were on
skype.

“Hey you.” She said. I could see the boxes in her room.

“Still haven’t settled in?”

“You know it. But I will be soon.”

“Nervous for school? New people and all.”

“No. I’m actually very excited. I love meeting new people. I met you.”

“I know. You became my best friend and then bolted on me.”

She smiled, looked down and back up, “We’ll always have the beach club.”

“And daily skype.”

She stopped smiling, looked back down, and up again. “About that, Chuck. I
love to talk to you but we’re not in Pennsyvania anymore. I mean, you are but
I’m not. I can’t be your ONLY friend. You need to make up with Ernie.”

“You mean Burt.”

“Did you say Kurt?”

“No.”

“Be the bigger person.”

* * *

Over at the one of the nicest diners in town, Punani’s , my family enjoyed a
celebratory brunch.

“We are proud of you Roman, but back to business, you need a next step. Now
college is out of your reach.”

“No it’s not.”

My parents laughed, “Oh Roman, you keep us young. Now seriously, you need a
job. You won’t be living at our house like a couch potato, especially with
this new baby on the way.”

“I have an announcement that I think you will both be glad about. You’ll
realize how mature I am.”

“Oh really,” said Dad in curiosity. “Go ahead, tell us.”

“I am dating an older woman.”

My mom looked at him, “You think that makes you a man? Doing a cougar?”

“Not just any cougar. She’s a professional with a job. Ms. Daz, my principal.
Well now former principal.”

My parents stopped in their tracks. Mom thought : _What? No. I hate her
already. _

Dad thought: _Good job son._

“Good for you Roman,” my mother said coldy, “you grossed out my fetus.”

My dad looked at his watch, “Oh, honey, it’s time to go home now. Roman we’ll
see you later?” They gathered their things.

“Wait, you’re leaving me?”

“You’re 19. You don’t need us. Find a job and a ride home. Welcome to the real
world.” They turned their backs and walked to the exit.

Back at home, I was struggling on how to “be the bigger person.” I stared at
my phone. All it takes is a phone call, or just a text. But this was something
meant to be face to face. I needed to go to school.

I got to the football field while they were just finishing up practice. Bert
saw me but was in no rush to greet me. I waved at him and he came over.

“What are you doing here?”

“Hopefully getting an old friend back. I’m sorry, I am. I-”

“It’s okay, Chuck. I’m sorry too. I just had to interrupt you to avoid all he
emotional apology crap. I missed you bro.”

We hugged, “I missed you too. Wanna catch up at my place?”

“Sure. Can't wait to tell you about how I became captain of the football
team.”

"I got stuff to tell you too."

Back at my place we sat down in front of the TV and just caught up on summer.
My parents came soon and saw us. “Hey boys. Bert, long time no see.”

“I know, how are you guys? How’s the pregnancy?”

“Oh about that, Chuck I just need to let you know that Mr. Reed is moving to
the house down the street.” _She dropped that one quick_.

“What? Why?”

“To be closer to us. We need to be united as a family.”

“What did Roman say, where is he?”

Right then he opened the door, “Here!”

“Where were you?” I asked him.

“Signing up for the police academy. I was inspired when I saw a cop beating up
some innocent graffiti kids. So, ha, mom and dad i got my plans figured out.”

“Well,” said Mom. “It’s a job.”

“Oh god,” I said, “he’s going to have a gun.”

She took off her coat and so did dad and Roman. They all joined us on the
couch and the 5 of us mindlessly stared at the TV. But something was off. I
had a friend, Roman has a plan, and My parents are going to make this baby
thing work with Mr. Reed. There was order But something else was off. It was
me. I don’t know what it was back then. So I ignored it. But I was right. I
didn’t belong. This moment in front of the TV was just the calm before the
storm. A storm that would change my whole family.

To Be Continued….

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
---------------------------

This was the last story of the 3rd installment. The ending hints at the FML!
Project I plan to do to end the series. It will be released in 2014 and I will
post small pieces of it everynow and then until the full story.

