### The Dust devil by bush_moon

**Date Added:** 2013-10-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This is a humorous piece, based on one incident during the life of a Humanitarian Demining/EOD expat in Africa surviving in very austere conditions. 

* * *

One day, I returned, dirty, muggy, hot and sweaty, it was about 45 degrees,
maybe closer to 50, no 60, i am exaggerating now a bit...well, it was hot! I
had just returned from the Minefield and was happy to be back. I climbed out
of the truck and made my way to the office, greeted everyone working away all
hogging the one fan, dropped my paperwork down and said i would be back in 10
minutes, i looked very dirty and people laughed at the state i was in, i
looked like a chimney sweep! In this case there is no reason for
formalities....quick action only...the regroup! I headed straight for the
shower, empty this time of the day and located in a really roughly built brick
enclosure with four individual tiny cubicles, a metal door which was bent and
wouldn't close properly. The shower was gravity fed and the water came fed
from a large metal tank nearby.

During this time of the day the water was perfectly cool but not cold, quite
simply the best. This was my little secret, nobody knew. I would walk down
towards the coffee pot in our rakuba around a big tree then scoot over without
anyone looking and pull off my shorts and T shirt and enjoy this delight
before doing anything else! A sort of mental reset or sorts to enable the rest
of the day to be possible successfully in this mentally and physically
draining heat! I would then come back outside after a 30 second burst of water
in only shorts and flip flops and the sun would dry me- no towel required. It
felt great and i felt suddenly clean and cool-energized in this splitting the
rocks heat for the rest of the day! My hair was nice and clean-well sort of-
there was no soap involved in this equation, and my feet were clean too, all
the dirt washed away. Pleasant and a coffee to give another jolt too!

At this point i emerged and made my way to the coffee pot, filled up, as our
chameleon "stumpy" ran past the coffeemaker to say "Hi!". This guy was about
20 cm long and multicolored like a rainbow. He was missing his tail from an
altercation with another of his species (who lost), so thus he was thus called
stumpy. He was the guardian and cleaner of this rakuba. Anything moved he ate
it! He was a killing machine! In Africa you generally have a natural "self
cleaning system" in your tent or any structure. You have a large character
like this that lives outside on the tent flap, then you have small lizards
inside which run over your face at night, and a spider which catches any
mosquito which comes to try and give you malaria or anything else nasty. You
then have the ants which carry away any bugs which you swat or the spider cant
handle. It was interesting to see the ants breaking up and carrying a stick
bug away like log PT in the army and not leaving a trace. For "good luck" you
have the scorpion who lives under your tent and cats outside which keep any
snakes away! We were also lucky we had a neighborhood owl too for "night
operations" cleanups of any snakes who had any "ideas".....

Anyhow, I made my way back up the road the 75m or so to the office and then my
sandals broke! They were already repaired twice with bailing wire and glue s
they were already on their last legs! So i was here having to walk barefoot,
or kind of hop while carrying a precious coffee which i did not want to spill.
I was nicely "clean" and feeling cool in the heat, and, getting as fast as i
could hop over these rocks which were splitting as described earlier! I had
made it to about 10 meters from the office and i saw "it" coming for me! All
the "numbers lined up" and i knew it was coming straight for me! "It" had a
plan!  
There was no escape! There did not seem to be a breath of wind except this
"thing"- other wise known as a "Dust-devil" a kind of mini Tornado thing which
was already known for breaking vehicle windows with rocks! It was about 75m
away, twirling in the wind, grinding the ground and i could see it cutting a
path through the soil- all black and bad- gritting its teeth and "practicing"
to be a bigger tornado some day! It was tearing up the ground and rocketing
straight towards me! You can just tell when you are screwed and i knew i
wasn't getting out of this thing clean! Maybe with a few band-aids on too! Any
how, just as i expected, right to me- right around me, and, he decided to
stand still with me in the vortex too it seemed making sure i absorbed and was
coated with everything he had to dispense on me! He had no respect for a cup
of coffee either! I just sat there as i was trapped and said to my self "oh
no! ouch!" and "took his beating" being pelted with stones, plastered with
dirt, grass, and leaves to my wet skin. When he was done "showing off" and
moved on to harass somebody else i turned right back around, hopped to the
shower and repeated this process again to obtain that relaxing feeling once
more on a hot and dirty day. I returned, this time ever cautious and watchful
in all directions like a hawk- There was no way that this guy was not gonna
try this stunt again! I safely made it through the door with a new coffee this
time. The boss said, "Hey i thought you were gonna be gone 10 minutes....and
you still look pretty dirty! Can you go get me a refill if you are going back
that way?" Sure i said with a sly grin....laughing inside....and made my way
back into the dirty zone on another hot and dirty day in Africa.

