### The Plane ride by bush_moon

**Date Added:** 2013-10-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This work deals with the humorous recollections of working as a Humanitarian Demining/EOD expat. 

* * *

„Welcome aboard this very tiny but fast Beechwood aircraft“ said the Captain
Cheerfully! This thing was literally like a cigar tube! I quickly noticed
there was no stewardess for this particular ride. „For those of you who have
never taken this trip before, I will let you know when we are about to take a
kind of evasive maneuver then what you normally experience before we will land
in Baghdad and also Basra, so please make sure you are buckled in, as we have
to deal with a small matter of some people on the ground who may like to shoot
at us“. That immediately gave me a suspicious feeling that something
interesting was in the works and made me think of a roller coaster but with
people shooting at it, interesting! This one though would top any roller
coaster I had ever been on and we get to do it three times today! Yes
indeed....three fun filled roller coaster rides in one day, thats alot more
value then the ticket....we should be tired tonight I thought! „ We will start
at about 15,000 feet and then we will make a spiral motion, a turn and a drop
in altitude, so you will experience a bit of G Force which you might not be
used to, but it is nothing to worry about!“ said the Captain...pleasant
flight! He then signed an official looking paper on a metallic clip board,
with a metallic pen and handed it back out to a ground staff member, some kind
of Airport Police officer. The door shut and the Pilot retired to the cockpit.
I think some of us ironically wondered if this document was something like a
Document that said they were not responsible for us, maybe we had already
agreed ourselves to the same and didn't know it, at least i thought it and
chuckled to my self, pushing it all down with the black humor only Military
service can instill in one. Every smart line from every World war 2 movie you
have ever seen is all assembled into one solid black block of black humor that
you carry in your gut at this moment, where you can control it and safely
navigate your way through the situation.

The silver props started to turn and the turbo screamed, the power emanating
into the wings and our seats! We lurched forward, and picked up speed, the
engines pulling us down the long desert airstrip and up, above the beautiful
view of the white marble city below nestled in green and yellow sand, and into
the clouds we went. My friend, a German lady, sat in front of me in the row
ahead with her hair tied into a circular bun, centered with the back of her
head. It was quite intricate weaving i thought to myself, however she does
that! Then the sound of the engines put me to sleep while i prepared myself
for entry into an active war zone. We all knew the situation on the ground in
Iraq and those of us that had served in an Army had some idea of the zone we
had to mentally put ourselves in now. Back to normal business. Then I dozed
off as the desert disappeared through the clouds. Bling-Bling!... the noise of
some kind of inflight alert-alarm, the smoking light, and buckle up came on
and the Captain poked his head out the door and said "OK everybody buckle
yourselves in!" I got the immediate Sinking feeling! I quickly awoke, army
style, like a light switch no matter how tired you are, operationally alert- a
Learned response. I had slept "all the way over the border" and we were now
getting into position over Baghdad to start our planned roller coaster ride! I
put my table tray up, I checked my buckle and stowed anything loose-more
learned army mentality "equipment checks". There was a little apprehension i
must admit but that only took 30 seconds and you didn't have time to feel
anxious! So I thought to myself what is the threat down there? Hmm...Anti
aircraft fire likely, but, if they open up with anything like that, the Yanks
will be on them in a flash.... Maybe a shoulder fired Surface to air missile,
the kind everybody "wants back" now after giving them out to all of the former
"good guys" who are now the "bad guys"? I chuckled at that thought...That's
more likely, but, they wouldn't waste that on a civil aircraft, although, even
though every foreigner is an equal target, better not think about that as I
might tempt the devil!...so likely something like 12,7mm or 23mm, something
big, which was equally frightening....but i hope not!...so I relaxed and hoped
I would see no tracers rip past the wings or little pops of AAA explode in the
sky, and, that our Captain was in fact smarter, more skilled, and our plane
faster then they were on their guns! You really do think of it in terms of
little birds peddling inside the engines and i could see an imaginary toothy
grin painted on our engines looking towards the "bad guys" on the ground as we
started the descent! Well, I had some fun, and added some humor put it that
way to soften the situation. Somewhere along the way the joke from the old
Paratrooper popped in my head about "What do you do if you jump and your main
chute doesn't go?.."Pull reserve" the listening party would always
answer......"And what if the reserve doesn't go?".....(stunned face from
listening party)...."Take it back and get a new one!" and a toothy grin!
Everything goes through your mind but you know you haven't got a chance if it
all goes against you!

We started even above the clouds and the spiral started, every movie plane
crash comes into your mind and i had no idea what a Jet pilot feels like but
this gave some indication! The plane made a sharp turn, what seemed to us "lab
rats" like 90 degrees, and the right side of my face was instantly glued to
the window, i was unable to move it! I was totally pinned to the window! It
was most interesting and the pressure and feeling that I cannot fully
describe, all the blood seemed to collect in one side of my body, i was
oblivious to anything else going on around me and don't think i would have
even been able to touch my belt buckle let alone put my finger on my nose!
Then we suddenly leveled off again, we were out of the clouds now and i could
see all of Baghdad, the river and alot of black smoke from fires below. I was
however still glued to the window cheek and eyeball too which was likely quite
funny looking! I simply could not move! I was Stuck on like a bug! We again
went into the same spiral, down and down, i could feel us dipping and engines
snarling, the noise and pressure was intense, sprinkled with the noise of the
air-conditioning fans above us spitting out ice cold air. Then we sort of
suddenly had touched the ground and we all started to "wake up" then but were
also partially still frozen into our "lab rat" positions. My German friend in
front of me, had slumped totally forward in her seat in the same way and the
whole seat was resting forward on her back like it was mine and we all came to
out senses and eventually stood up wobbling like a merry go round at the same
time- part of some weird experiment. I noticed her bun had totally moved over
and was wresting with her right ear now, a feat of modern physics and quite
the experience! We dropped off who we had to, and in what was only minutes
quickly took off in the same manner as we could not safely stay on the ground
long apparently according to the Pilot! I inserted thoughts of how long it
takes to get into position to send some "bad news" our way, and it was obvious
the whole airstrip was likley always "observed".

We repeated the same experience again within 5 minutes, in the reverse
direction now, so I spent this trip trying not to roll into the aisle of the
plane in the opposite direction, we were certainly test rats, very certainly I
thought to myself! I was starting to get a bit closer to getting used to this
feeling now, and i don't know how healthy that is, but when we spiraled down
again this time it was over the airport in Basra and our last dip took us over
a line of destroyed Iraqi armored vehicles and I swear we were still flying at
90 degrees when I could see small things like what looked like screws, bolts
and the metallic anti slip grate shape on the floor of the vehicles through
the open hatches as we then leveled out and touched down- literally at several
meters off the ground! well, it seemed like it to me and others said the same
after! We were all amazed how close the wing tips were to the ground as we
leveled off and landed! Literally Right out of the cork screw and onto the
runway-out of the frying pan into the fire, or something like that!...."Some
flying skill this Pilot has!" I silently complimented him... I bet he was
chuckling to himself at the expense of his "cargo"! Well I would have if I was
him.... It was really something to see and experience! So, Into the desert,
the tarmac and yellow sand of Basra, now under new British management....the
Operational zone! The Pilot of course jolly as a lark, just skipped on out of
his cockpit, no worries, like a pea in a pod and greeted us with something
smart that i cant recall now! He was only missing his leather hat and Silk
scarf! I had had enough roller coaster rides for today I thought, but the fun
was just beginning on the ground!

