### Lane 1 Closure (Christmas) by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2013-11-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Sergeant Noel in the Motorway Traffic Control Room was looking forward to the last mince pie when the breakdown came over the squawk box ... 

* * *

  
LANE 1 CLOSURE  
  
"Hey, Sarge," rasped the loudspeaker, "We need a lane 1 closure on the
motorway, just north of junction 17, there's an offside blowout."  
  
Sergeant Noel Evans smiled. That was young Alex Benson. His message was hardly
up to usual airwaves protocol. Fortunately, there was only Control and
Benson's single Patrol Unit on that channel. However, Noel thought, it's hard
to break the habit when you're only a couple of Christmases off retirement. He
had let his control office partner PC Jenkins go off shift early half an hour
ago. His daughter was only 3 and this was probably the first Christmas she was
really excited about. Noel smiled, thinking she might already be awake and
pestering mum and dad to get up so she can start opening presents.  
  
"Golf Echo Four Two from Mike Whisky Charlie, what's the sit rep? And
direction the vehicle was heading. Over."  
  
PC Benson was the least experienced patrolman in the motorway squad, which was
why he was forced to work the Christmas Eve shift. The coppers with young
families were excused that shift but were probably just about to experience
the joys of being woken up by their excited offspring; it was, Noel noted,
almost half past four on Christmas Day morning.  
  
Benson did have the sparkling companionship of WPC Diane Williams as a one-off
partner tonight to help keep him wide awake, and she had almost six months'
more radio experience under her waist-squeezing belt than the young tyro.
However, knowing Diane as he did, she would plumb to take the wheel every
opportunity she got, so Benson was left operating the radio in the sleepy
seat. Not that any red-blooded male would doze much with the delectable Diane
sitting next to him; it wasn't her driving though, even in the half-light
Diane's looks alone would keep a male corpse perky.  
  
"Broken down vehicle, Sarge, on the hard shoulder, heading north, over."  
  
That's all we need, thought Noel. The gritters had been out salting the road
twice on the motorway during the night, at 21.00 and 01.00, so it was probably
still freezing out there.  
  
"What's the weather like, Four Two? Over."  
  
"Snowing hard, visibility 50 metres, over."  
  
Damn, it would be snowing, wouldn't it? He should've known this would happen,
and only thought about the "Q" word moments before Jenkins left, without
vocalising it! Before the call came in from Alex, Noel had been considering
having another brew up. After all, there was one last succulent mince pie left
that definitely had Noel's name on it. Jools will never know he had sneaked an
extra one, would she? Mind you, Jools does have a sixth sense about these
things and she was well aware he was taking a couple of boxes of pies in, it
being a tradition of the station to provide cakes on your birthday. Anyway,
here he was four-and-a-half hours into Christmas Day and his own birthday, and
now Benson was informing him that the S was about to hit the F.  
  
"Alex, is the snow settling? Over."  
  
"No, Sarge, if anything it's warmed up a couple of degrees since the last
gritters went through here about two o'clock, over."  
  
"Do you need the gantry signals set for lane closure? Over."  
  
"Not sure that would help, Sarge, traffic is slowing down almost to a stop
both directions, not that there's much moving traffic around at this time,
over."  
  
Damned window-kissers, thought Noel, any breakdown or accident and every
motorist going past feels compelled to slow down and gawk at the poor
unfortunates stuck in the middle of it.  
  
"Any injuries involved, or debris? Over."  
  
"No injuries or debris Sarge, just a bit of absorb needed for some throw-up,
Diane's fetching a bag of granules from the boot now, over."  
  
Throw-up? Guess the driver has overdone his Christmas Eve tipple. Better
remind Benson of normal police procedure at Christmas, basically breathalyse
anyone and everyone stopped on the road.  
  
"Tested the driver yet, Alex? Over."  
  
"Yes, Sarge. First thing I did."  
  
Pause. Noel assumed that Benson would proceed to give him the result, but
something was holding him back. Good lad for at least taking the reading at
the outset, even if he now needed some prompting.  
  
"And the result, Alex? Over."  
  
"Off the chart, Sarge. Driver admits sampling loads of brandy plus whiskies,
too, mainly in Scotland earlier, not to mention more than a few fortified
mince pies, over."  
  
Bloody hell, thought Noel, not only is he steaming but that driver's
definitely put in some miles, if he was in Scotland earlier today and heading
back north again. Better remind Benson to check the tachometer before recovery
or the fitter attends.  
  
"Have you taken the motorist into custody, Alex? Over."  
  
"Er ... the driver is not actually a motorist, and the vehicle's got no
wheels, so not sure what offence has been committed, Sarge ..."  
  
What is Benson trying to do to me, give me a nervous breakdown before
Christmas Day is properly under way?  
  
The loudspeaker squawked again "... Might need RSPCA or a vet, as well, over."  
  
It keeps getting worse rather than better. This chap's probably been
collecting a Christmas pony for some little rich girl which just had to be
delivered Christmas bloody morning, thought Noel, the best my Charlotte ever
got was a My Little Pony, once. I hate Christmas, he fumed, I always had a raw
deal, having Christmas and birthday all at once. I missed out on the parties,
Noel recalled, no clowns, no bouncy castles, no Big Mac meals, no birthday
cakes, no special outings. He missed out on all those extra treats that the
other kids had.  
  
"Have you got the index number of the horse box to check, Alex, and an ETA for
the fitter?,Over."  
  
"No registration, Sarge, er, it's not a horse box, er, there are seven
reindeer and apparently one of 'em's blown out, one too many mince pies,
apparently. It just won't go with only 6, it needs 7 and they don't carry a
er, spare. ETA fitter under 30 minutes, coming from the North with a ... er a
spare reindeer, over."  
  
It crossed Noel's mind: was Benson taking the piss? Has Diane has put him up
to this lark? Can't blame him, though, the only reason Noel wouldn't do
anything that Diane asked him to do without question, was that Jools would
bloody kill him if she found out. And she would, he knew, it's a dead cert,
both find out and kill him! She's gonna kill him later anyway, he groaned -
that bloody best-selling book he'd ordered for her, a little bit too late from
Amazon, hadn't arrived with the last post yesterday and when he checked the
town bookshop on the way into work, they'd completely sold out of the bloody
thing. She'll have me guts for garters, he groaned.  
  
"Alex, if it's now less than 30 minutes, you should be able to cope with your
own temporary closure, it'll take longer than that to get traffic management
in place anyway, over"  
  
"Thanks Sarge, yes, we can manage. And Diane has just said to forget the RSPCA
and the vet, it's nothing too serious, it's just a bit winded, over."  
  
This is certainly a joke, thought Noel. Pity we don't have any traffic cameras
in the area to check what they are playing at. Boy, he really needed that cup
of tea now, not to mention the 50-second-in-the-microwave hot mince pie he'd
had his eyes and belly on since Jenkins went home.  
  
"Sarge," the loudspeaker squawked again, "Latest ETA is five minutes, over."  
  
Phew, the end is in sight, thought Noel, they've clearly been pulling my leg
with all that stuff about the spare reindeer on its way! Yeah, sure! I bet
those two juvenile jokers are sitting in a lay-by somewhere drinking hot
coffee from their flasks and laughing their bloody socks off. Reindeers,
indeed! I will give that pair a right bloody going over when they get back at
the end of the shift in ninety minutes. That's the last time I put them two
together in the same car, he chuckled to himself.  
  
Right, it's five minutes before the fitter arrives, just enough time to put on
that cuppa and zap that pie.  
  
It was while Noel was halfway through his tea and on the last deliciously
naughty mouthful of crumbly buttery pastry mince pie, and brushing a few rogue
crumbs from the front of his crumpled tunic, when the loudspeaker revealed the
next episode of the motorway broken down vehicle charade, this time with the
female half of the comic double act chiming in her tupennyworth.  
  
"Mike Whisky Charlie from Golf Echo Four Two, message, over."  
  
"Go ahead, Four Two," Bugger, Noel thought as a fine spray of crumbly pastry
dusted the keyboard and microphone mouthpiece on the "two" word, "Over!"  
  
"Fitter on site, re-harnessing of er ... the spare is in progress. They should
depart and we'll bring in the temp closure within five minutes, Sarge, over."  
  
Thank goodness for that, thought Noel. No harm no foul. We didn't have to
contact the Highways Agency, no outside traffic management or fuel clean-up
team, didn't have to escalate it to senior level, nothing recorded on camera
to embarrass Noel or the unit later on. Just a bit of in-unit fun with Noel as
the butt of the joke. He decided he could live with that and, perhaps, work
out a bit of revenge for those two peskie rookies in the New Year. Funny
monkeys! Had to laugh, though, they actually got him going a couple of times,
young devils!  
  
"All received Four Two, Mike Whisky Charlie out."  
  
Noel cleaned up the light dusting of crumbs as best he could, the cleaners
weren't scheduled in until after the holidays and the next shift were due
within the hour. He took his cup and plate out to the kitchen and bundled the
empty pie wrappers into the waste bin to hide the evidence of the crime
against his diet.  
  
Just as he got back to the control room, Alex came back on the airwaves.  
  
"Sarge, the vehicle has departed and the lane 1 closure removed, over."  
  
"All received Alex, any tailback of traffic? Over." Of course there'd be no
traffic, it was all a figment of Alex and Diane's vivid imagination and wicked
sense of humour.  
  
"No, Sarge, the traffic wasn't heavy and is already dispersing. Snow has
stopped but settled on the embankment, looks very 'White Christmasy' out here,
over."  
  
"Noted, Four Two, think you should head back towards Control, time for a cuppa
before the next shift. Sorry, no mince pies left, over."  
  
"That's alright, Diane's invited me to her flat for breakfast, and then we're
both going onto my Mum's for a proper Christmas dinner. By the way, the er ...
driver had a special message for you, over."  
  
"OK, Alex, I'll bite one more time, what was the message? Over."  
  
"Just to say he had dropped off your present of a book for Jools last night
under your tree, and that you've got two main presents this year, one of them
a special - just for your birthday. He said 'HoHoHo, Noel deserves it', over."  
  
What could I possibly say to that?, thought Noel, I never said anything to
anyone in the station about that bloody book.  
  
"Don't let Diane overcook your breakfast sausage, Alex, over."  
  
"I won't do that, Sarge," crackled a female voice, "There's still New Year we
want to look forward to! Merry Christmas, Sarge. Over and out."  
  
"Merry Christmas and New Year to both of you, out."  
  
The end.  

