### the bird by uranusurhonor

**Date Added:** 2013-11-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

  

There is a man on a meandering path to nowhere

lost in his thoughts

Because he's searching for his mental profile

The folder with his name on it

The problem : It's missing

The file is gone

So isn't everything else

Such as the file cabinet itself

Not a desk

nor a chair

Nor the cubicle

No buildings

nor streets

not even the planet he's on!

What planet am I on?

Never mind who I am

but what am I?

( you're just some bullshit I'm making up as I'm typing along, okay? that
answers your fucking question? ..... okay where was I .... oh yeah, as I was
saying....)

The man realizes he's in the middle of the desert

and too tired to walk

He lays down on his back as if lying on a bed

Strange How did I get here?

Now there is a vulture in the sky circling above the man

It knows the man will die soon

It is waiting

The man is nearing towards death

He is delirious

I think I'm about to die right now....

And suddenly the vulture swoops down next to the man

And as if its going to kiss the man

it opens its beak

A vapor rises out of the dead man's open mouth

and goes into the vulture like a hippie's shot gun

And the vulture takes off into the air

spreading its vast wings

flying back home

Not towards an aerie

nor a nest in a tree

but the scavenger is going where its master's waiting

The tower

on top of the castle

of

Baron Bon Freakenstein

The entire village was terrorized

once

upon

a time

when Freakenstein unleashed his experiment with his ever loyal Egore the
scalpel boy by his side they've unleashed

the Bugger!

It was created from different anatomical parts sewn together of once alive
human beings

now dead of course

not before being murdered for spare parts like spare change offered into the
cup of a beggar

anyway

Its head was of an Azian man whose name was Charlie Chan chosen for his
straight A's

The upper body was of a Cockcajun man whose name was Arnold Swarzanegro chosen
for his strength

and finally

the lower body was of a Kneegrow man whose name was Longdong Silver chosen for
the "terror!"

Many have succumbed to this terrorist act

A violation to the sensitive renal area of Roman arena numeral II

And also the hospitalization needed to stitch up their anuses

or

is it "ani" like the plural form of octopus as in octopi?

Anyway

the villagers got together because well they've had enough of their loosed
bowels every time they farted

and had to do laundry and take a bath or at least clean their asses up

So they had enough of that shit

so they finally cornered the Bugger on top of one of their neighbor's roof

and threw grenades and blew the mother fucker up!

So now the Baron Bon Freakenstein is waiting for the vulture...

The reason?

Seeking revenge for his beloved Bugger, that's why!

In grief, Baron's thinking...

it couldn't even have a proper burial because them motherfucking village
idiots blew up my creation!

not even some body parts to work with to attempt fixing it back to life!

pssst.....

Well actually it did have one part remaining..... the penis minus one scrotum!

"WHAT FUCKING COWARDLY BASTARDS! THEY WILL ALL PAY FOR THIS!!!!!!"

Finally the vulture arrives at the tower where the Baron was patiently waiting
for the tardy big bird.

"You're late you fucking scavenging avian bastard! Open your mouth, hurry up!"

Impatiently the Baron takes in the "shotgun" inhaling it deep in his lungs

And then blows it out with a fit of coughs because it was a powerful hit!

Now the Baron is waiting for the spirit's effect from the deserted dead man to
take over his body

the spirit of the BUGGER!

And the Bugger's monster penis!

That's right

The baron had his loyal servant Egore the scalpel boy

caught off his needle dick and replace it with the only part that was not
blown up by the asshole villagers

Of course the Baron properly medicated himself and left the instruction book
so Egore can perform the task ahead

And the surgery went well!

Of course otherwise the Baron wouldn't be standing on the tower of his castle
looking down at the village right now

with a massive boner ready to

FUCK THEM UP!!!

"I thank you god JON almighty! For you've heard my prayers of despair! You've
granted access to your domain via my pet birdy, the terra incognita of your
mind where my beloved creation's spirit was left in limbo due to a spiritual
mix up. Somehow my Bugger's spirit traveled towards the 21st century and went
inside the soul/body of a depressed recently unemployed writer/poet who
couldn't get his story published so he overdosed on his home grown mushrooms.
Thank you for the reprieve of its spirit from your glitch ... at least the
spiritual lower part I need to carry me forth to the campaign of terror I'm
waging, equipped with the Bugger's bugger!"

And as if god Jon heard his praise

the sky shook with mighty thunder and lightning all of a sudden!

and it rained

and rained

and rained

and raining still.....

"What the fuck?!"

Only a moment ago the Baron was on top of the world

at the tower of his majestic castle which stood on a high cliff looking down
at the village below with a monstrous hard on!

until now rapidly inundated by a great deluge like that of Noah's
time.....well he shrank!

And now dog paddling just to stay alive....

but he's getting tired and can't seem to stay afloat any longer

because although the bugger shrunk however it was still a hefty weight like an
anchor

and so he's quickly drowning..... !!!

"What the fuck god?! Why can't I have my revenge ............. you fucking
stoned god damned bastard!!!"

And that was his last thoughts. Buh Bye!

....ummm, ahem...... uh ....

Yup, I'm stoned, and I got confused playing the role of god just now as I was
typing along, improvising...

And somehow I was thinking about the Great Flood during Noah's days. Yup,
since the Baron, Egore, the Bugger, the Villagers, and even the vulture are
the product of my stoned imagining inside my capricious mind

Well everything's dust in the wind like in the state of Kansas plus I feel too
lazy to continue typing the story.... thought of rain made my arthritic
fingers stiff as rigor mortis

but if you want me to finish it for you

THEN

I WILL

so here it is .......

THE END

LOL

sorry dear reader, I'm giving you the "BIRD!"

