### The Birthday Boy by Grimmore

**Date Added:** 2013-11-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Young Thomas' 1st birthday party doesn't go as planned. 

* * *

Sharon carries Thomas into the living room;

“There you go”, she says, as she carefully places him in his high chair. “Aw,
doesn’t my little birthday boy look smart in his new clothes? They were a
present from Auntie Sarah! Yes they were! Yes they were, hee hee!”

Sharon nuzzles her son, then walks back into the kitchen. Thomas watches her
as she leaves the room, then turns to Samantha, sat in her high chair across
from him;

“So.” Thomas says with an air of disappointment. “It appears that Auntie Sarah
is to blame for this, atrocity!”

Samantha eyes Thomas’ new play suit with morbid curiosity; “Apparently so. My
goodness, you do look awful Thomas.”

“Yes, thank you, I hadn’t noticed myself!” He looks back down at his chest.
“Good heavens, who, in their right mind would think that teaming this giant
yellow giraffe with a ridiculously stupid grin on his face, with this, this,
absolutely ghastly orange, would be a good idea?!”

Samantha tries to stifle a laugh. “Well, these adults don’t really have much
of a clue, do they?” she smirked.

“True”, Thomas agrees, “but some of them _do_ have their uses though! Did you
know, dear old Uncle Jack once gave me a snifter of whiskey for my teeth, to
soothe the pain?”

Samantha was intrigued. “Oh? Did it work?”

“It most certainly did! And now, when I tire of his old maritime stories he
_insists_ on telling me every time he visits, all I need to do is let out a
little cry, and, voila!” Thomas exclaims, triumphantly.

“You sly devil!”

Thomas gives Samantha a wry smile, grabs his red beaker with both hands and
lifts it up to her.

“Cheers!”

He then glugs a few mouthfuls of orange squash. Sharon comes rushing in to the
living room with two, small bowls of brightly colored jelly and ice cream;

“Now, as a special birthday treat, I’ve got you some… Jelly and ice cream!”
she says enthusiastically.

Thomas smiles, claps his hands and lets out a few happy gurgles. Saliva builds
up and inflates into a bubble which pops, splattering his mouth and nose.
Sharon delights at the sight of her happy boy;

“Ha ha, oh deary me, we’ll have to get you cleaned up now!”

She takes a tissue from her pocket and dabs at his face. She kisses him on
Thomas on the head and walks back into the kitchen.

Sharon smiles playfully at Thomas; “You’re a terrible show off, you know!”

Thomas grins and sighs contently; “Ah, jelly and ice cream, the staple meal of
any child’s birthday celebrations!”

Samantha sniffs at her bowl, then pushes the bowl a little in front of her.
Thomas looks up from his bowl, blobs of ice cream littering his mouth;

“Not hungry?”

“I’m sorry, but if it’s not Hagen Daaz…”

“Ah, I see; well, I can only apologise on behalf of my elders, but it’s
father’s fault you see; he _always _purchases the wrong items when we go
shopping. Mother always goes to Waitrose, but father, well, he’ll go anywhere
where there’s a deal!”

Thomas greedily scoops up the last few bits of jelly and ice cream with his
plastic spoon. He leans back in his high chair and licks his short, sausage
fingers.

“Mm, I must say, that was jolly delicious!”

Sharon walks in from the kitchen;

“My my my, who’s a hungry boy then?!” She wipes the splodges of ice cream from
around his mouth. Thomas gurgles in agreement. “Oh, Samantha, are you not
hungry?”

Samantha shakes her head dramatically. All of sudden there is a sharp,
clattering sound from somewhere within the kitchen, swiftly followed by
muffled swear words. Sharon turns round, furious, and storms into the kitchen,
her angry words directed at her clumsy husband drowned out by the closing of
the door.

Samantha and Thomas turn back to each other;

“Oh dear,” Samantha says, “looks like you won’t be having a brother or sister
anytime soon!”

Thomas chortles in agreement. “Mm hm hm, oh, I’ve been working on that for
quite some time already...”

Samantha leans in closer; “Oh?”

“Well, for starters, the daily, early morning interruptions…” Thomas says
cryptically.

Samantha leans back, as if she was disgusted by what Thomas had just said; “Oh
dear dear dear, you’re not still making a fuss when you wake up do you?!”

“Well, what exactly is one meant to do when one wakes up at three o’clock in
the morning?” Thomas replies defensively.

“Try and pass the time creatively, maybe read some poetry?”

Thomas thinks for a moment; “Hmm, a novel idea. But you know, I think it’s
good for the grown ups to entertain me in the small hours of the morning;
father certainly seems to appreciate it!”

Samantha look at Thomas, surprised. “He does? How so?”

“It seems that he uses the time to alleviate stress about close relatives, if
you will.”

A smile slowly crawls across Samantha’s face. “…Oh?”

“Well he’s never run out things to say about Uncle Jack for starters!” Thomas
looks around to make sure no one is in ear shot; “Only last night, he told me
he was a drunk!”

Samantha stares, open-mouthed at Thomas; “Outrageous!”

“I know!” Thomas agrees, “I’ve always been thoroughly fond of Uncle Jack; he’s
got a marvelous taste in music!”

“Oh, wait, let me guess…” Samantha ponders for a second, “he’s a Beethoven man
isn’t he?”

Thomas sits there with a superior looking smirk on his face, shaking his head;
“nope, Shostakovich!”

Samantha raises her little arms; “Ah, of course!”

All of a sudden Auntie Alison comes rushing up to the table. She has a look of
excitement on her face;

“Oh my god, Daniel, Sharon, come in here! Thomas just said his first word!”
she exclaims excitedly.

Daniel and Sharon rush in from the kitchen, not entirely sure as to what’s
happening;

“What’s happened?” Daniel asks.

Thomas’ face starts to glow bright red.

Sharon enquires, “What did he say?!”

“Well it started with Shost-a-something?” Auntie Alison says, hurriedly. “But
I definitely heard him say something, I’m not a hundred percent sure what word
it was. Go on Thomas, say it again, don’t be shy!”

Sharon twitches her nose, “Oh dear, looks like someone needs their nappy
changed! Let’s get you changed!”

She leans in to pick him up to change his nappy. Daniel stops her;

“Wait, let him speak again!” he says.

Thomas looks around at the expectant faces of the adults surrounding him,
waiting eagerly to hear him speak. He slowly looks to Samantha who has gone a
shade of sour white. Silence falls across the room, as Thomas opens his mouth
slowly and utters;

“Oh, bugger.”

