### Waiting in Line by Rhayn

**Date Added:** 2013-11-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Short story about a man waiting in line for judgement. 

* * *

In life Frank was a painter. Now in death he was just another soul stood in a
long line waiting to pass through the gates of heaven. He fidgeted
impatiently, moving his weight from one foot to the other and looking
curiously around him.

For an afterlife it wasn’t so terrible albeit somewhat dull. He was stood on a
pathway paved with clean white stone, and flanked on either side by some
rather plain looking gardens. Hedges, trees and the occasional flower bed.
Occasionally he would see in the distance a tall glowing figure walk along and
which he assumed was an angel.

Frank sighed. He was bored. In life he would hardly have been called patient
at the best of times and the hours he had stood in line seemed to have lasted
days. He leaned forward and tapped on the shoulder of the soul in front.
‘Excuse me,’ he said. No response, not even a twitch of acknowledgement. He
tapped again, harder. ‘Hey! Excuse me. You awake?’ Nothing.

Frank sighed again. He took a careful look around and stepped out of the line
to see if he could get a better look at, or even catch sight of the distant
front of the line. ‘Wouldn’t do that pal,’ said a deep voice from behind him.
He turned to see who had spoken and gave an involuntary and very unmanly
shriek.

‘You might want to get back in line’ said the voice again, though Frank was
having trouble determining how it could belong to the huge furry creature that
stood before him.

‘What the hell are you?’ said Frank when he finally found his voice.

‘Not the sort of word you want to use up here pal’

‘What?’

‘The “H” word. Some of the folks up here don’t like it’ said the creature
cheerfully. ‘They really don’t like it if you leave the line. Messes up their
counting’

‘What?’ said Frank. Admittedly not the quickest thinker in a crisis he felt
that in this case it was understandable that he was struggling to respond
coherently. Having finally seen where the voice was coming from really hadn’t
reassured him, but a mouth filled with razor sharp fangs will have that affect
on anyone.

‘What are you?’ asked Frank, slowly stepping back into line.

‘I’m Fred,’ said the creature.

‘Fred?’

‘Nothing wrong with Fred,’ said the creature, his tone turning a little bit
hurt.

‘No. No it’s a fine name; I just mean... well, you aren’t human’.

Fred snickered. ‘Neither are you now, just another soul waiting for judgement’

‘Ok!’ Fair point, thought Frank. ‘What _were_ you?’

Fred pulled himself up to his full seven feet and said, ‘I was a demon’.

‘Really! Why are you here then?’

‘I died.’ Fred shrugged his overly broad shoulders. ’Happens all the time.
When we die, we come here. Then we get judged and usually sent back
downstairs, eventually we die one way or another and come back here. This is
my third time’ Fred finished proudly.

‘Oh! I was a painter,’ said Frank rather lamely. He was getting a little out
of his depth now and whilst he felt fairly sure that he couldn’t be harmed in
heaven, having the self acknowledged demon standing behind him in line was
making him nervous. Then what Fred had said filtered through. ‘Wait, you said
third time up here. That means you know what happens, right?’ said Frank

‘Sure.’

‘So you can tell me what is going to happen then?’

‘Well, yeah, I guess so; it’s the same each time,’ Said Fred.

Frank waited. Then waited some more. ‘Well are you going to tell me?’ he asked
impatiently

‘Oh. Well. You stand in line. Eventually you get to the front. You meet God
who will judge you and send you on’ Fred shrugged again. ‘that’s pretty much
it.’

‘Really? You get to meet God? What does he look like?’

Fred frowned, deep furrows appearing on his large brow. ‘Depends really,
usually looks like someone you know. If you have been good, it’s someone you
loved, if bad someone you didn’t.’ He grinned showing an alarming number of
teeth. ‘If you’ve been really bad, broke a commandment bad, then you get sent
downstairs. That’s when demons get you.’

Frank started to worry. No one lived a really pure life did they? Everyone did
something wrong, the occasional white lie told, not going to church, ever...
Frank was fairly sure that would be frowned upon. Waiting in line seemed a
great deal worse now; he would be worrying all the time.

‘I need to get to the front. I can’t wait to find out what’s going to happen,
‘Said Frank. ‘Please can you tell me, is there any way to get to the front
quicker?

Fred looked thoughtful for a moment; he wasn’t entirely unsympathetic towards
the soul in front of him. The first time here was always hardest. ‘Well,
possibly you could see what’s going to happen, but you might prefer to wait,’
he cautioned.

‘No, I can’t wait, I need to know, tell me how. Please,’ pleaded Frank.

‘Fine, give me your hand.’

Frank held it out eagerly and Fred took it in his large paw. Fred grinned.
‘This may hurt,’ he said and dug a claw deeply into Frank’s palm. Blood
immediately started to flow.

Ignoring Frank’s yelp, Fred dipped a finger into the blood and started to draw
a large circle on the floor, surrounded by an intricate web of symbols. After
a short time he paused and studied his work for a moment. Apparently satisfied
he shook off the last of the blood and released his grasp on Frank’s hand.
Fred looked carefully around to ensure he wouldn’t be seen by any angels and
muttered a short incantation. The circle of blood started to glow faintly.

‘It’s done. All you have to do is look into the circle and think about what
you want to see. Concentrate as hard as you can and you will see what is going
to happen,’ said Fred.

Frank eagerly crouched by the circle and stared intently at it. Minutes passed
slowly with Frank unmoving. Eventually he stood and turned back to Fred, a
puzzled look on his face.

‘What did you see?’ asked Fred curiously.

‘I’m not sure,’ said Frank, his frown deepening. ‘I saw a large room of white
marble and a glowing golden throne. I saw myself standing before it, and sat
on the throne... well, it was my wife.’

‘Well, that’s good then,’ said Fred. ‘You seeing a loved one is usually good.’

‘Usually?’ said Frank looking closely at the demon. ‘What do you mean
“usually”?’

‘Well, if you are married it usually means you love the person, marriage is
taken seriously up here, only time it is bad, is if you ever cheated on
her...’ Fred trails off as he sees Frank turn pale. ‘Ah, well, it’s not too
bad downstairs,’ he finishes sympathetically, reaching out to give Frank an
awkward pat on the shoulder. ‘Stick with me and you’ll be fine.’

