### Santa's Gloves by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2013-12-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The last thing Jack thought he wanted for Christmas was a pair of gloves. 

* * *

  
The doorbell was insistent. I roused myself from my warm divan bed, one broken
corner on a pile of books, stumbling to the door of my crappy studio flat,
that the rent was weeks overdue on. I poked one unglued eyeball through the
peep hole. Not the bailiffs, just the unmistakeable flat-nosed Eddie
Griffiths, I used to attend school with. I opened the door and regarded Eddie
with one eye, the other resolutely glued shut.  
  
"Come on, sleepy bones," Eddie growled, never mincing words, "Some of us've
got jobs."  
  
"Well, what'yer doin' wasting' time here?" I replied, surprised my dry throat
made any sound.  
  
"I got summink for yer, Jack!" he said, all snarky-like, "You should be up,
it's gone ten."  
  
"So?" I bitched, "Ain't got nothin' to get up fer, 'ave I? Anyway, I don't get
no parcels."  
  
"It's a package," he announced, "From the USA."  
  
That annoyed me. Eddie was a kidder who never knew when to stop, that's how he
got that nose.  
  
"Yer could've stuck it through the door."  
  
"Yer need to sign for it."  
  
"G'us it 'ere," I growled.  
  
"Sign first!" thrusting me a sort-of mobile phone with stylus, "There, Jack."  
  
I scribbled an X.  
  
"Yeah," he said, "I coulda signed it meself."  
  
"Then why didn't you?"  
  
"Regulations," he grinned, passing the package, to "Maurice Alfred Jackman" at
this address. Now you know why I prefer being called "Jack".  
  
"Hey, you gotta flat offside rear," indicating with a thumb my antique red
Peugeot.  
  
"Bugger! I've an interview this morning." Father Christmas gig, three weeks,
Walker's Department Store.  
  
"What, goin' fer a job, Jack?"  
  
"No, shortlisting for Police Commissioner, what'd'yer think?" I wonder how
Eddie keeps his job, when I can't get one. I wouldn't trust him to deliver
pizzas.  
  
I closed the door, although it was colder inside, opened the envelope, shaking
out a 150x200mm thin padded envelope, with my name and address on the front. I
whistled at the return address. My old man, Jonathan A Glover, lately of
Burbank, Californ-eye-ay.  
  
Before you ask, yes, the movie actor. He got really big, just after dumping my
unmarried mum and me. Then suddenly, his films bombed and he wasn't A-list
anymore. He did some soaps before disappearing. Drink and drug abuse rumours
abounded, then the tabloids ignored him.  
  
I had that same relationship with him. He'd ignored me since I was 8, 21 years
ago. He didn't invite me to his three weddings and I didn't invite him to
mine, or my divorce a year later.  
  
I tossed it on the bed and washed in the sink. A shave for the interview. Aww!
Blade's blunt, using soap, the shaving foam ran out weeks ago. I was dressing
when I remembered the flat tyre.  
  
Yeah, flat as f-! Jacked it, undid three nuts, no locking nut key. Bugger! No
sign anywhere.  
  
I'll have to catch the bus. Scrubbed hands clean of grease and grime, almost.
Dressed in crumpled suit, my only tie, in the mirror I saw the padded
envelope. What would my old man send? We have no contact, even birthdays and
stuff, nothing.  
  
Padded envelopes are light. A small Christmas card? letter? ... check, I think
that's how the Yanks spell it? A one-off sliver from one of his 16 million
dollar fees, to assuage his guilt. J.A.G. only did shoot-'em up action
thrillers, where Brit actors play the villains.  
  
I ripped it open with shaking hands. A transparent bag, dropped onto the bed.
I picked it up, it looked like a pair of latex gloves. Why-?  
  
I jumped as my mobile rang. I jumped because the battery's flat. Not just
flat, dead. Wouldn't-take-a-charge kind of flat. Dead as a doornail flat. Gone
to Duracell heaven. It rang again.  
  
"Hello?" I asked tentatively. A bright female voice greeted me.  
  
"Hello, Mr Jackman, it's Melanie from the Agency? I was hoping you'd come in,
say twenty minutes before the appointment?"  
  
Melt-in-the-mouth-Melanie? Speaking to me? The posh-totty owner of the temp
agency never spoke, ever. To her I was common as muck. I'd been with that
Agency for months, looking wistfully at her from afar, without the sniff of a
job, just this interview which came through late on Friday, probably when my
old man posted off that package.  
  
"Look, Melanie, this job's for someone ... more mature, fuller-figured,
experienced...."  
  
"Oh, no, Mr Jackman," Melanie's cultured, spine-tingley sexy voice, continued,
sweetly, "Er ... Jack, can I call you Jack?"  
  
"Yes, of course!" I blustered.  
  
"The job's a given, Jack. Your personality profile's perfect, so no interview
necessary, I wanted to see you myself as I need a hot escort to our Christmas
party and hoping...."  
  
"Yes!" I replied, anything, Melanie, for you, anything, "I'd be delighted."  
  
"Marvellous, you can't imagine what it means meeting a genuinely sweet man at
last," she breathed, "I can't wait until you get here Jack, on January 1st
you'll be appointed Chief Buyer. Daddy thinks -"  
  
"Daddy?"  
  
"Sorry, honey, Michael Walker, chairman of Walker's Department Store, charged
me to find the right person and you, Jack, with your profile and sales
experience, are perfect. Daddy thought it great fun you act as Santa, before
becoming one of his top managers. "Look, Jack, sweetheart, we've a panic on
here. See you at 11.30, then we'll do lunch? Daddy's paying. Byeee!"  
  
What the f-?  
  
I look in the envelope. No check, just a letter.  
  
"Son, if you're reading this, I didn't survive the seven years' bad luck we
both paid for Santa's gloves, starting back on November 29th, 2006. Wear the
gloves, they become invisible and enable you to do or become anything. Even
kept in a drawer or safe, nice things happen. Love, Dad."  
  
I put on the gloves. They covered up the grease, looked and felt like warm
healthy skin. Suddenly, I remembered the locking nut.  
  
It was in the glove compartment.  
  
The End.  

