### Mia Larsons and the Lucky �20 note - CYOA - Parts 9 -10 by dariomcgeachy

**Date Added:** 2013-12-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Intro: Remember Choose Your Own Adventure books? Course you do. Well i've decided to have a go at creating my own. Just for a bit of fun, a useful writing exercise and an excuse to take the mick of the girl i sit next to at work. Hope you like the results 

* * *

*******************************************************************************************************

**Disclaimer** \- Remember Choose Your Own Adventure books? Course you do. A few weeks ago i decided i would have a go at creating my own. Just for a bit of fun, a useful writing exercise and an excuse to take the mick of the girl i sit next to at work. She's the inspiration for the main character and is chosing the options as we go (and really did find £20 in her purse that morning). Hope you like the results, if i get a chuckle out of you then let me know, all feed back is welcome.

******************************************************************************************************

Part 9

Leah has chosen C

C - What the hell? Cerys has lackeys do her every bidding? You’ve always
thought you should have lackeys do YOUR every bidding! Super jealous! Lance
Dangerfield is obviously nowhere near as smart as you, there’s no way he’s a
threat. You could do with a haircut as well... You still have Barry’s phone,
you’re going to call Cerys back and offer to join forces. It’s Mia and Cerys
versus the World!

You are Mia Larsons and you are stepping out of the private jet Cerys sent to
pick you up, you walk down the metal steps thinking about how you look, you
imagine private jets must be super slimming and resolve to get yourself one as
soon as you meet that hedge fund manager, so probably Wednesday. As you reach
the bottom of the steps you turn and wave to the pilot, Cerys had the plane
stocked with toffee apple cider so you got pretty tipsy and had a lovely time
chatting to him on the way. You’re still a little gutted that he wouldn’t let
you fly the plane and despite his repeated demands that you please, for the
love of god, just shut up, leave him alone and let him concentrate he was
clearly in love you. It must be hard for him to see you go, the pilot cheerily
and slightly sarcastically returns your wave; poor thing must be in denial,
what a wetty.

One of Cerys’ lackeys has come to meet you, you try to engage him in
conversation but he seems terrified and desperate to avoid eye contact so you
give up and decide to take in your new surroundings. Cerys has done okay for
herself since leaving the NHS, private jet, her own island… not as well as you
if you’d decided to put your mind to it but not bad. You approach the base of
the extinct volcano and enter via a series of secret passages, a lift takes
you up to what you assume must be a waiting area and the lackey asks you to
take a seat and informs you that Princess Cerys will be with you in a moment.

As you’re sitting there you hear a familiar voice directing calls. What the
hell? It can’t be, is that Gemma Antti? She went missing after work one day.
There was a police man hunt and no trace of her or her family was ever found.
You walk round the corner

‘Oh my god, hi Gemma, what the hell are you doing here?’

‘Mia so good to see you’ says your old colleague as she jumps up from behind
her desk and hugs you. ‘It’s a long story but Cerys basically kidnapped me and
Gus and Oscar and brought us here to her secret lair. I’m her secretary now,
Gus works managing the islands forest resources and Oscar’s in the primary
school.’

‘Seriously! You exclaim, shocked at the news ‘Cerys is unbelievable…’

‘Oh it’s not so bad. Gus is happy in the forest, the school facilities here
are a-mazing and there’s loads of great places for me to go running every day,
well probably more like every other day if I’m being honest’

As Gemma is speaking the phone starts ringing, she picks up the receiver and
slams it straight back down again

‘Who was that?’ You ask

‘Oh I don’t care, probably nothing, anyway, as I was saying, it’s not so bad
here, I do miss Exeter sometimes but it’s not as if I ever went out before the
kidnapping, and this is a great place for my family, you know, if you ignore
the whole being held prisoner by a super villain thing

Hmmm, seems fair enough, you’re just about to start telling Gemma about your
recent adventures when Cerys appears.

‘Sorry Mia, I’d better make it seem as though I’m working, catch up soon yeah’

Gemma jumps back to her desk, swiftly closes various communicator
conversations and internet windows and starts tapping aimlessly at the
keyboard.

‘Mia so glad you could make it’ says Cerys ‘I’ve so much to tell you but
there’s something I want to show you first, something extra special that I’ve
had my R&D department working on; the final part of my plan for world
domination.’

You say goodbye to Gemma and promise to see her again before following Cerys
to her research lab. You enter a room, empty apart from a single plinth, atop
of which rests what seems to be a toy ray gun. Cerys picks up the gun and
presses a button on the plinth for the intercom

‘Bring in the test subject’ Demands Cerys

A door slides open and a scared looking lackey appears.

‘Greetings Princess Cerys, how may I serve you?’ He asks

Cerys points the gun at the lackey, she squeezes the trigger and shouts

‘Bark like a dog’

The lackey starts barking like a dog

‘Keep barking and hop on one leg’

The lackey keeps barking and starts hopping on one leg’

Cerys turns to you with a big grin on her face.

‘Isn’t it awesome, it’s a mind control ray. Now I can get anyone to do
anything I want ‘

You’re not convinced

‘I’m not convinced’ you say ‘wouldn’t your lackey do all those things anyway?’
You ask

‘Hmmm good point, we do need a proper test’

Cerys points the gun at the lackey once more

‘Take that pen out of your pocket and gouge your eyes out!’

You see a flash of panic in the lackey’s eyes as his arm suddenly starts
moving of its own volition, beads of sweat form on his forehead as he strains
every sinew but he is powerless to resist, his face is racked with fear as the
pen inches ever closer to his eye, oh my god he’s really going to do
it…Centimetres.. Millimetres…

‘Alright that’s enough, you can stop’ Says Cerys ‘I’m done with you now, leave
us’

‘Thank you Princess Cerys, thank you’ says the lackey as he gratefully and
pathetically scuttles away

‘So’ says Cerys ‘What do you think?’

A – What the hell? Cerys has lost it; she’s evil plain and simple. First
Champion, then Gemma and now sadist torture; it’s too much. She must be
stopped and you’re going to do everything in your power to take her down. Hold
on world, its Mia Larsons to the rescue.

B – Oh my god, that was so much fun! You want a go. You’re already thinking
about taking revenge on everyone who has ever annoyed you. You and Cerys are
going to wreak some havoc and get everything you’ve ever wanted. Look out
world, Mia and Cerys are coming for you.

C – World domination? Mind control? What the hell has all this got to do with
getting Champion back and your lucky £20 note? You think someone is getting
badly carried away with themselves and needs to get this story back on track
sharpish. You’ll get Champion back from Cerys in exchange for letting her get
on with whatever mad schemes she has planned and then you’re getting the first
plane back to the real world. You’re done with this adventure.

Part 10

Leah has chosen B

B – Oh my god, that was so much fun! You want a go. You’re already thinking
about taking revenge on everyone who has ever annoyed you. You and Cerys are
going to wreak some havoc and get everything you’ve ever wanted. Look out
world, Mia and Cerys are coming for you.

You are Mia Larsons and you cannot stop jumping up and down.

‘Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, yeah come ooonnnn!’ You shout

The thoughts are tumbling through your brain one after the other; so many
possibilities. Cerys is jumping up and down too.

‘I know, I know, I know! She shouts. Where shall we go first Mia?

‘Pets at Home, no Turkey, ooh ooh the Audi showroom! Holy crap we could go to
the set of Vampire Diaries. Oh my god I’ve got it.’ You shout, struggling to
get the words out fast enough ‘Where do you think Vin Diesel is right now?’

‘Mia! Says Cerys, no longer jumping up and down ‘How can I say this, you’re
not quite getting it. This is about taking over the world, not frivolous wish
fulfilment. I was thinking, the White House, the UN, massive corporations,
that kind of thing’

Oh yeah, Cerys is totes keen on this world domination thing, you knew it was
going to inconvenience you at some point. Oh well it is her plan, her mind
control ray gun, her Island and her private jet… Okay, you’ll go along with
it. Barack Obama is super-hot and there are many pressing issues you wish to
discuss with him, he could definitely do with the benefit your wisdom; maybe
the White House won’t be so bad.

‘Okay Cerys, let’s do the White House thing, but then we track down Vin Diesel
and Khal Drogo to be my personal man-slaves and do my every bidding, yeah come
on!’

‘Oh alright’ say Cerys, a mischievous grin spreading across her face ‘let’s
have a little fun before we take over the world; to Pets at Home, and beyond!’

A week later you are driving down Pennsylvania Avenue in your shiny new Audi
TT with Vin and Khal squashed obediently in to the back seat. Turns out Khal
Drogo is fictional and played by an actor, he has a real name and everything;
Jason Momoa, who knew?! Anyway one quick blast of the mind control ray and he
was happy to go by Mr Khal Drogo-Larsons, Vin Diesel is just as dreamy and
vacant as he is in his movies, there is small menagerie of fluffy animals
perching next to you on the passenger seat, the mind control ray ensuring that
they all follow you like ducklings following their mother (super-cute, yeah
come on), and you have more new dresses and strappy shoes than even Go-Go
could provide. All in all it’s been quite a week.

You pull up to the White House and find there’s no security. You can see Cerys
has arrived because the horse drawn carriage she’s been using to get around is
parked on the Rose Garden lawn with Hayley Williams from Paramore waiting
patiently in the driver’s seat. She must have taken care of the secret service
already. You climb out of your Audi and your entourage follow suit, you enter
the West Wing to find Cerys in the Oval Office with the mind control ray
trained on the American President.

‘What they hell! Cerys, you can’t zap Barack’

‘Why not? He’s the most powerful man in the world; I’ll never achieve world
domination with him around.’

There is a small winey voice in the back of your mind you’ve never noticed it
before. Surely not, it couldn’t be, is that your conscience? You look at
Barack cowering in front of Cerys, that beautiful man fearing for his life.
You turn to your entourage; the fluffy animals sitting obediently at your
feet, static and lifeless; you realise that you are looking straight at them
and their cuteness isn’t reducing you to a blubbering mess. Karl Drogo-Larsons
is just standing there like a zombie, the look of a warrior gone from his
eyes, he’s doing nothing for you now (well not nothing, you are still a
woman.) You look at Vin Diesel, all wooden and soulless, actually he doesn’t
seem to have been affected at all, still, something is definitely wrong with
this picture. You have piles of clothes but there are so many that you can’t
seem to get excited by any single outfit, no matter how short and slutty it
is. It’s almost as if getting everything you ever wanted without any effort
isn’t making you happy. You stop and think about what is really important to
you... Champion! You’d forgotten all about him, how have you let things go
this far? You ruminate for a moment and decide that absolute power corrupts
absolutely (That’s good, you should write that down) and a plan forms in your
mind.

‘You can’t zap Barack because I’ve just finished his book _Dreams from my
father. _It was amazing_ _and I need to talk to him about it. If you zap him
then he’ll never be able to answer my questions honestly and I’ll never get
closure’.

‘Really Mia? You’ve read Barack Obama’s book?’

‘Hey!’ you reply, actually offended ‘I have hidden depths you know, I
constantly surprise and amaze’

‘Err okay, whatever, so what the hell do we do with him then?’

‘We kidnap him, get him on the plane, back to your island and then we
broadcast his ransom to the world’

‘Hmmm I like that, right out of the super villain handbook’

The _Super Villian handbook_? You haven’t read that one. You make a mental
note to download it to your Kindle or people might think your hidden depths
are a big fat lie. Cerys frog marches Obama to her Princess Carriage and you
rendezvous back at the plane. Before you know it you are airborne; you need to
get Barack alone but Cerys has Paramore playing a live show for her
entertainment during the flight and she keeps making him dance for her
(although who are you to complain, he can really move). You trial a few half
hearted slut drops but the music isn’t really your thing so you resign
yourself to drinking toffee apple cider and watching the American President
getting his groove on. Cerys isn’t drinking because apparently she doesn’t
need alcohol to have a good time which annoys the hell out you and means that
you have to wait ages for her to go to the loo. You’ve been 7 times when
eventually she goes to the bathroom and you grab the President.

‘Mr President’ you say ‘First of all, Mia Larsons, massive fan, pleased to
meet you. Secondly, Cerys is mental, she’s hell bent on taking over the world
and I can’t let her do it.’

‘A sane person, oh thank God’ says Barack, his deep commanding voice making
you weak at the knees ‘Of course she can’t be allowed to get away with it,
think of the damage she’ll do to the world economy, the pain and misery she
will inflict on countless families’

‘Yeah totes and worst of all she kidnapped my bike!’ You exclaim, already
feeling that you and the President are on the same level ‘Here’s what I was
thinking, as soon as we get back to the island I’ll get Vin and Karl to hold
her down and we use her mind control ray against her.’

‘Why can’t we do that now?‘ says Barack ‘Surely we are just wasting time’

‘Because then I might not get Champion back’

‘I’m sorry; this is a very strange situation for me, who’s Champion?’

‘Champion is her beloved Bike’ says a voice from behind you. Oh no Cerys has
heard every word! ‘I knew you weren’t on my side’ she says ‘now you’ll never
see your bike again’

Cerys turns to the members of Paramore ‘Get them!’ she orders

‘Ah crap. Help!’ you scream.

Vin and Khal leap into action and suddenly there’s a mass brawl on the plane.
Vin and Khal are bigger and Mr Obama is fighting dirty but Paramore have
numbers on their side and are using their instruments as weapons. Then someone
smashes in to the emergency release, the plane door flies open and all hell
breaks loose. The noise is incredible, in an instant the cabin loses pressure
and you and Barack are holding on for you lives. You manage to look up as Vin,
Khal and Paramore are sucked to their deaths and see that Cerys has managed to
get herself securely wedged in. She’s on the opposite side of the plane and is
pointing the mind control ray at you. What the hell? She’s going to use it on
you! You’ll have no choice but to do what she says, someone else will control
you and you’ll never be able to do whatever you want again. It’s your worst
nightmare, a fate worse than death, worse than having kids even. You look down
and see a parachute by your feet and you know what you have to do. You look at
Barack and he gives you a little nod of understanding. You grab the parachute,
let go of your grip and the two of you are sucked into the cold air.

Thank god Barack knows what he is doing. He must have had some special
training or something because he expertly straps himself in to the parachute
and pulls the rip cord while hugging you tightly. The rushing of air stops as
suddenly as it began and you find yourself slowly floating to earth locked in
the embrace of the American President.

‘Mr President? You ask, taking advantage of the situation ‘What are your
thoughts on the concept of divorce?’

The President takes a moment to consider his answer ‘I think that marriage is
a sacred institution which should be protected at all costs but that divorce
is a fact of life and sometimes people just aren’t right for each other. Why
do you ask Mia?’

‘Oh no reason’ you reply as you press your face into his chest to hid the sly
smile spreading across your lips.

You land with a soft thud, but where in the world could you be? You were on
the plane for hours and Cerys’ island was somewhere in the Indian Ocean. You
utilise your awesome geography skills and work out that you are somewhere in
Asia. It’s pretty cold and you seem to be at the base of a large mountain
range. Just then you see a figure emerging from the mist. He looks pretty
grumpy and is cursing the terrain under his breath. What the hell? It’s Geoff!
You haven’t seen him since you found out he was a secret billionaire and he
retired to the Gough mansion at the edge of town to become a recluse.

‘Hey Geoff, how’s it going?’

‘Ah crap’ sighs Geoff ‘I’m supposed to be incognito, what are you doing here
Mia? Hello Mr Obama, nice to meet you.

‘Nice to meet you too’ says the President as he and Geoff shake hands ‘I’m
sorry Geoffrey, but I’m going to have to insist that you address me as Mr
President. ‘

‘That’s okay Mr President but I’m going to have to insist that you address me
as Geoff.’ Says Geoff ‘So Mia what are you doing half way around the world?’

‘Well it’s a long story but basically Cerys is an International Super Villain
and has stolen Champion. Oh and I was helping her use a mind control ray to
take over the world. But then I listened to a voice in my head and decided
that it was probably a bad idea so I convinced her to kidnap Barack Obama and
take him back to her secret lair instead but then Vin Diesel, Khal Drogo and
Paramour had a fight on the plane and we had to use a parachute to escape.
What are you doing here?’

‘Searching for a rare blue flower and an ancient order of ninjas’ Says Geoff
‘So where are Vin Diesel, Paramore and I’m sorry but I believe you are
referring to the actor Jason Momoa who plays the fictional character Khal
Drogo from HBO’s live action interpretation of George R R Martin’s book A Song
of Fire and Ice from A Game of Thrones, now?’

‘Very likely dead’ you reply

‘Right... and Cerys?

‘An extinct volcano in the Indian Ocean.’

‘I see; it sounds like you two haven’t changed much. There’s a village not far
from here with a phone line and an internet connection. I can take you there
but they’ll charge you, do either of you have cash?’

You remember the £20 note in your back pocket.

‘Nope sorry, Mr President?’

‘I haven’t carried cash since I took office’ says the President.

Geoff sighs

‘Oh alright I’ll work something out, follow me.’

After an hour’s trek you see a village emerge from the mist. Geoff seems to
know his way around and heads to the local Inn. He engages in some high
spirited negotiations with the owner in the local dialect and they come to an
agreement. He walks over and tells you that you can use their internet
connection for free if they can take some photos and put them up in the bar.
Of course, your beauty has got you out of trouble yet again. You stand up,
strut to the middle of the bar and start pulling your best model poses.

‘I think they were talking about me’ says the President placing a hand on your
shoulder.

You look at Geoff shaking his head and see the owner of the Inn doing the
awkward turtle. Oh well, you think, their loss. The Inn keeper and his family
take a bunch of photos with the President and then show you where the computer
is. You’re about to log on to Facebook when Geoff offers some advice.

He breaks down your options, it seems as though you have three choices

A - You go back to Washington with the President. Geoff thinks that America is
probably wondering what has happened to its leader and Barack keeps banging on
some wetty called Dow Jones who loses confidence or gets low self esteem or
something when the President goes missing. He reckons they’ll scramble Air
Force One pretty sharpish when they find out where he is. After you get back
to the States the President has vowed to command the US Army to take out Cerys
and promised that they’ll try not to nuke Champion in the process. You like
the idea of hanging out with Barack and all those army guys but it almost
sounds like Champion won’t be their top priority.

B - You can go with Geoff and train with the League of Shadows. Work hard,
build up your skills, get your ninja qualifications and in a couple of years
you’ll have the abilities necessary to infiltrate Cerys’ secret lair and take
her down yourself. Hmmm, you like the idea of having ninja skills and since
you’re probably heavily implicated in the deaths of Vin Diesel, Khal Drogo
(Okay Geoff, Jason Momoa) and the members of the band Paramore, not to mention
the kidnapping of the President of the United States, it might be sensible to
lay low for a while till the heat blows over. Still it doesn’t sound like a
lot of fun.

C - Although Geoff seems like a grumpy bugger he’s actually pretty friendly
and Barack is lapping up all his innuendos. It looks like the three of you
will make a good team. He’s offered to put his training on hold for a few days
and help you out. The president seems pretty keen too, apparently being the
leader of the free world can get quite stressful and this adventure is a
welcome bit of variety for him. Geoff says that he can contact his butler and
get some transport to the Indian Ocean sorted and you can all try and take on
Cerys yourselves.

