### The expats malaria song by bush_moon

**Date Added:** 2013-12-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This silly song based on NGO expats in the field is composed in good humor, fair play use, and is not meant to offend! If you can't smile back directly at death in this line of work better to pack it in and get a safe job!:) 

* * *

The expats malaria song (unofficial)

(To the much used and modified WW1 trench song/poem of „bombed last night“)

Meds last night, and meds the night before! Gonna take our meds tonight if we
never take meds anymore!

When they dont work, we're angry as can be, cos 50 bucks for ten pills is much
to much for me!

They're warning us they're warning us, one prophylaxis for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars that three of us went blind, so one of us can find them
all alone!

Tired last night, and tired the night before! Gonna be tired tonight, if we
never get tired anymore!

When we're tired, we're wrecked as we can be, cos something with a temperature
has kicked the hell out of me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one malaria test for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars that three of us are white, so one of us can give blood
all alone!

Pills last night and pills the night before, gonna take Pills tonight if we
never take pills anymore!

When we're sick, we're sick as we can be, cos Malaria and Typhoid they kick
the hell from me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, six mysterious pills for just the four
of us!

Thank your lucky stars that three of us have leave, so one of us can take them
all alone!

Dreams last night, and dreams the night before, gonna have dreams tonight if
we never have dreams anymore!

When we dream, its fun as it can be, cos great big white pills are much too
fun for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one horse pill for just the four of
us!

Thanks your lucky stars that one of us is mad, so three of us can dream them
all alone!

Puke last night, and puke the night before, gonna Puke tonight if we never
puke any more!

When we puke, we're green as we can be, cos fevers and fake pills they kick
the hell from of me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one fake blister for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars that three of us can run, so one of us can puke them
all alone!

Shots last night, and shots the night before, gonna get shots tonight if we
never gets shots anymore!

When we're stuck, we're sissy as can be, cos long needles and ampules are much
to much for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one hypodermic for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars that three of us are cured so one of us can take it in
the bum!

Sweat last night, and sweat the night before, gonna sweat tonight if we never
sweat any more!

When we sweat, we're hot as we can be, cos temperatures and headaches they
kick the hell from me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one pain killer for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars we have just one bed, so one of us can drench it all
alone!

Shakes last night, and shakes the night before! Gonna get shakes tonight, if
we never get shakes anymore!

When we shake, we're frigid as can be! Cos Malaria with dysentery they're much
too fun for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one thick red blanket for just the
four of us!

Thank your lucky stars there are no more of us, cos one of us could fill it
all alone!

Bowl last night, and bowl the night before! Gonna sleep on the bowl tonight if
we never get bowls anymore!

When we sleep, its bad as it can be, cos Malaria with Giardia is much too fun
for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one white toilet for the four of us!

Thank your lucky stars that we have tents outside, so one of us can run there
all alone!

ER night, and ER the night before! Gonna be in the ER tonight if we're never
in the ER any more!

When we're on a drip, we're happy as can be! Cos medicine and vitamins they're
much to fun for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one little drip for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars the ambulance is near, so one of us can speed there all
alone!

Cured last night, and cured the night before! Gonna get cured tonight if we
never get cured anymore!

When we're cured, we're happy as can be! Cos Malaria and Ebola they kick the
hell from me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one cough drop for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars we take all our preventives, so one of us can get cured
all alone!

Gin last night, and Gin the night before! Gonna drink Gin tonight if we never
drink Gin anymore!

When we drink, its fun as it can be, cos Gin and tonic are lots of fun for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one can of tonic for just the four of
us!

Thank your lucky stars that one of us wears „blue“, so he can sneak some more
back after leave!

Done last night, and done the night before! Gonna be done tonight if we never
get done anymore!

When we're done, we're done as we can be! Cos treatment resistant malaria is
much to much for me!

They're warning us, they're warning us, one plane ticket home for just the
four of us!

Thank your lucky stars that there are some oceans blue, so all of us can sail
home on a cruise!

