### Drowning In Cabo by thebossfoss

**Date Added:** 2013-12-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** In the run and gun streets of Cabo cocaine runs rampant throughtout this short tale of the never ending fued between surfers and windsurfers. A gritty tale that highlights the underground world of windkook sex trafficing that transcends the boundries of beauty and leaves you eager for another line. 

* * *

The idea of drowning is really uncomfortable. Death, eternity, and
nothingness, are all concepts that I don’t really care to think about. I doubt
that an improved understanding of those would help me in any way in my day to
day life. I’m not the type of guy who can parse dense readings nor would doing
so gratify me. I like to keep it simple, and the reason I mentioned drowning
was because if I were to asphyxiate in the water, then I would want it to be
in Cabo.

One thing that I like about Cabo is that it inspires me. I surfed there every
day with some of the best surfers in the world and that compelled me to get
better and go bigger. I could tell you the weather is amazing in Cabo, but
it’s way better than that. Even in the winter the water is warm as piss.
Sometimes when I pee in my wetsuit it doesn’t even make me warmer. I see rich
guys with sports cars and pretty girls sitting next to them which reminds me
that I need to make money. I see girls and they tell me that I am primitive
and need to stay in shape if I want to bring them home. Cabo also has a seedy
side where the Mexicans live and it’s good to see that. Not in a schadenfreude
kind of way where I get off on seeing unfortunate people struggle, but more in
the sense that it helps me appreciate what I have.

Everything works in Cabo. It’s just that kind of place. The water is so blue
and so fucking clear I probably couldn’t even drown. Drowning in tequila or
mota is another story in itself. I remember one summer, when I was 18, I went
down there and partied with Sammy Hagar and Gerry Lopez. They were smoking
cocaine paste before people even knew what crack was. I don’t smoke that shit
and I don’t wear linen, but that trip set the course for the rest of my life.

Cabo appeals to members of every class, but most importantly it appeals to
people who are looking to party. It has a sick music scene because all the
best bands from California come to play there and soak up the rays; this
paired with the regular surfing contests made ideal business conditions for me
and Turb to sell some cocaine.

I met my buddy Turbo in college and we became friends immediately. We drove 5
hours from Cornell to Montreal every other weekend to meet with our supplier;
it’s a shame you couldn’t find any good blow in Ithaca. The few times Turb
talked me into fucking with blow from the Ithaca area felt like when you look
at a playboy instead of watching porn and after you’re just depressed. But
Turb is a little trashier than I am, and he doesn't shy away from conceptions
of selling shitty cocaine or fucking with haggard girls. I don’t hold any of
that against him though because he’s a pretty easy going guy. He was a good
roommate and an even better surfer so I knew Cabo was the place for him.

I talked Turb into moving to Cabo with me the year after we graduated with
$200,000 and a couple kilos of some premo snow. We sold cocaine to anyone and
everyone. I’d sell you a gram or half a key, I don’t give a fuck how much you
want as long as you have the money upfront. I don’t deal in hypotheticals; in
other words, what you can pay for is what you are going to get. I stand behind
my product. Now days there are too many bullshit scumbag drug dealers looking
to turn the biggest possible profit by cutting their shit and jacking up their
prices. Fucking gluttons. I sold 80% pure yay for 80 bucks a G. No
negotiations, and no special prices.

Turbo fell more into the category of friend instead of drug dealer. He was
always cutting deals with his shit and lending it out under the false notion
that he would eventually get paid. I’ve had to help him out with a couple
deals that went south before, and he was always thankful, but he never
learned. Turbo really appreciates Mexican hookers, and after 15-20 drinks he’s
not even looking for the hot ones anymore.

Wind kooks are guys who windsurf that are always talking about the wind.
Having the wind dictate when you surf is a lot like having your mom tell you
when to jerk off; the fact that they go and ride the same waves as me really
pisses me off. I hear the same shit from them all the time that they always
have a ton of equipment which takes forever for them to rig up.They’re always
trying to start shit and get into the coke game but there’s already too many
dealers in Cabo to fuck with that ecosystem. They run the sex for money scene
down here in Cabo and I’m always running into them during my surf.

About two weeks ago, Turb got it in real savage with three of the wind kook’s
best girls. Something with a ski-boot, a nightstick, and a box of sparklers;
nothing too malicious, just enough to rile those wind kooks up good. Obviously
that fiend snorted everything he had and couldn’t pay for his lechery; instead
of wasting time trying to figure out a way to pay, he acted on his first
impulse and dipped.

I should've seen it coming from a mile away. Those wind fetish fucks were
itching for an excuse to come after us, and Turb’s rambunctious night of
excessive debauchery was the perfect push to set things in motion.

Those wind kooks knocked our door down with one of their masts and came in hot
just as Turb was finishing up with the dirty details of his wild sexcapade .
One guy came running in and knocked Turb in the side of the head with a bottle
of Pino that was sitting on our Xavier Lust table as at least ten more of
those wind addicts came pouring into our apartment. The next thing I remember
was grabbing the brass knuckles that we had stashed in-between the couch
cushions and tossing one set to Turb. The two of us went off like kids in a
candy shop, throwing our metal fists into their heads and ribs, and watching
our walls get painted with blood splatter. I always hated our walls anyway, so
boring and white. The blood really added some life to the place. Since those
wind kooks are pretty much all pussies, we did decent damage considering that
it was about fifteen of them versus just the two of us. Turb loved to fight,
especially when he was flying high off a coked up sex cocktail, and I too had
a bit of a fetish for fighting. Eventually they pinned us down. Turbo was
laughing like a crazy man, spewing blood on our brand new alpaca carpet. He
definitely had a few of them convinced that he was genuinely psychotic, and
after knowing him for this long I honestly can’t you tell what he is, but
psychotic isn’t far from it. I had some guys knee jammed on my cheek holding
me firmly against the soft fur that so graciously adorned our living room. I
felt the irony of having half of my face cradled by the softness of alpaca and
the other being crushed by a knee, and let out a bellowing laugh.

As six of these guys held us down on the carpet, the rest ransacked our
apartment looking for our money and cocaine. I wonder how many times that has
happened before. We had a fresh key cut open on our table, that got slapped
off the table and mixed in with the fur. It didn’t take them long to find our
stash, and after they found it they knocked both of us out with the mast that
they used to knock down the door.

When we finally came to, the gang of wind kooks were long gone. They took
everything. $100,000 cash, seven sealed kilos of yay, and even my rainy day
stash. I don’t know how things work in the prostitution business, but I know
that coke dealers are not the type to be fucked with. I don’t know where those
wind dancers got the balls to decide to come get us, but we weren’t going to
bend over for those degenerates. Turb and I got on the horn and got the
meanest crew we could to meet at our place. We grabbed bats, crowbars, brass-
knuckles, and the usual assortment of weaponry necessary for a good old
fashioned brawling. Before we left Turb stuck his face into the bloodstained
alpaca carpet and snorted up whatever he could from the tangle of fur. Since
our apartment was barren, and they found my rainy day stash, I buried my
nostrils into that soft fur and breathed in like I had just come up from
getting axed by a wave. Then me and Turb jumped into my 1982 Turbo Mercedes
Wagon and tossed our gear in the back. I had room for anything in the back-it
could fit boards and even an ex-girlfriend-so we crammed a few other guys in
on top and bombed down the PCH, high off cocaine and drunk off adrenaline.

I parked the wagon across the street from the sail shop that was their regular
hangout and sat there for a minute. I had Turb and three other guys in the car
with me. One of our buddies had a bag on him so we blasted off real quick
before we got out to smash some skulls. I was flying high when I kicked down
their door and slashed the first guy I saw in the face with my chain. You
should’ve seen the looks on their faces. It was genuine fear. No other way to
describe it, and it was beautiful. Turbo came in right behind me and punched
at least ten people in ten seconds. I admired his animalistic fighting
technique and decided to loose the chain and fight depend on my fists to do
the damage. Nothing feels better than landing a solid fist on someones cheek
and watching them make the decision whether or not they should swing back or
just lie on the ground. I made my way to the bar made out of tacky driftwood
and boards and smashed one guys head against it. There were about six guys
gathered around the pile of blow that was dumped on the table and me and Turb
knocked each one of those pussies out. I looked around the room and was
pleased with the utter domination that I saw. We had almost all of those wind
kooks knocked out or on the ground writhing in pain. We searched for our coke
and found six of the seven kilos that had been stolen and all of our money
plus a little extra for our efforts.

It was then that I heard the sirens screaming outside the window and saw the
red and blue strobe that painted the walls. I was so high at the time that I
didn’t know what to think. The cops came in and pointed guns at us and got us
on the ground. I knew that none of us in the room were getting off on any
technicalities. The six kilos of cocaine in the room was alone enough to put
us all away for a very long time. Add that to the mass of bloodied bodies
carpeting the floor and the prostitutes and we were probably going away for
life.

This is my official statement. Like I said earlier, I am not the kind of guy
who can parse dense readings and my lawyer told me that an honest statement
could get me a couple years cut off my sentence so I gave it here. I am sure
that others cooked up bullshit concoctions of what they believe happened but
this is the clear cut truth. My actions were those of a man blinded by rage
and I see the wrong in them. I am not a sociopath, I am a drug dealer. What I
had previously thought impossible became very much a reality, and I had
drowned in Cabo.

