### Emptied Purse by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2014-01-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** New Year's morning, dawn of the night before. Need cash for gas. Never, no never, open her purse. 

* * *

**Emptied Purse**

I was bleary-eyed after work, half six, New Year's morning. Marlene had been
out late with the girls from the Army camp, where she worked part-time. Most
were married to soldiers posted to Afghanistan. I was working nights, so
didn't mind, at least I had Christmas Day off, when the twins were home.

I was low on petrol, left my wallet in the bedroom. Marlene'd thrown her coat
and handbag across the breakfast bar. The bag gaped open, revealing her purse.
I never open her purse, I mean never, on pain of death, ever. We have joint
accounts, sharing household and living expenses, we had for twenty years, but
cash is ... personal.

The reason the tank was empty was her post-Christmas sales. She'd done them
all, particularly treasuring those leather boots she nervously said were a
bargain. Yeah, I knew what we saved, not the cost. She owed me big time.

Fifty would fill the car, twenty, a necessary top up. I lifted the fat purse
from the bag, possibly full of clod I could use for car-parking meters. What
do girls keep in purses, anyway?

I was on virgin territory here.

Yup, change aplenty, plus a key ring with two keys, Yale and Chubb. Like the
standard keys for Squaddie accommodation. I'd seen the type; prior to my
current job, I did building maintenance in those flats. Why would she have a
set?

In the next compartment was a flash slim pink mobile phone. We both had plain
cheap mobiles without internet or camera, used to contact the kids. The phone
directory was full of entries I never recognised but then I didn't know all of
Marlene's acquaintances. I opened the image library and whistled. Lots of
pictures of a fit young man, many stripped to the waist, all rippling muscles.
The latest looked like a skype screen, the tanned NCO in desert tunic topped
by Father Christmas hat, big happy proud-of-myself grin on his face.

Damn! He'd stolen my girl, Marlene, my wife of twenty years, mother of my
twins, the woman I worshipped. I dropped the purse and phone on the counter.
Loose change spilled out, including a tightly-wrapped plastic bag.

Intrigued, I unravelled and opened it. A pregnancy test, which read positive.
Marlene was having a baby. At forty-one, it was risky, but worth it, I choked,
if you were in love. So, unprotected sex with a soldier for long enough to
share a key to his flat and betray her infidelity on a pregnancy test. I had
my vasectomy immediately after the twins were born, so it looked like I'd
shared unprotected sex with the self same Squaddie. I only just made it to the
cloakroom as I lost my overnight sarnies.

Washing my face, it was impossible to tell what was tap water or tears. My
committed love turned to involuntary hate. When Lance Corporal Ripped Torso
returned from his six-month tour I knew she'd move him in, play happy
families, and kick me out in the cold. The twins were soppy about babies, all
girls are, so they'd be in her camp.

Bitter, was I? You betcha! I'd given her the best years of my life and I
hadn't a clue.

Following our divorce, she'd possess the family home while the twins were in
further education. They only started three months ago and were bright enough
to go all the way. I'd have to find somewhere else to live but still pay half
of the expenses so Marlene, her lover and baby had a roof over their cheating
heads.

I grabbed a black sack and those new boots from under the stairs, stuffed them
in the bag. An evil grin played on my vomit-tainted lips as I added every
right female shoe to the bag, leaving the lefts as reminder of her infidelity.
In the wood shed I chopped every boot and shoe in half. I felt empowered.
Action, the salve of the disappointed man.

I used my tin snips to cut through the satellite and aerial leads, plus the
cable network feed, which we used for broadband. Marlene loved her soaps, this
afternoon and evening she'd otherwise be glued to the omnibus editions. Think
again, bitch! In the kitchen I rechecked that purse. I tore up a photo of the
handsome boy. There was a twenty pound note, with the loose change I could
half-fill the car.

I pulled out our laptop. No internet. Good. Her blasted cat was winding itself
around my legs wanting feeding. I stuffed the smelly thing in her carry basket
we use to take her to the vets. I grabbed the purse and laptop and left.

On the edge of town is a beauty spot, full of dog walkers and picnickers in
the summer, now it was deserted. She had called me at work on the stroke
midnight from a noisy night club, drunkenly wishing me happy new year,
probably using lover boy's pink phone. I threw that phone as far as I could
throw. I chucked her purse and keys in the opposite direction. I let the cat
out. She looked at me with baleful eyes as I drove off. No guilt, well almost.

I parked in the Mall and connected to the Cloud. I booked a hotel room for the
week. Marlene had her passwords in a file. I closed her investments, ignoring
warnings about early penalties and transferred everything into an account I
use for online gambling. Marlene's not the only one with secret vices. I
uploaded photos on her Facebook page of her in her bikini from years ago
before she lost all that weight; I cursed that Marlene had never let me film
us making love, she'd be mortified anyway.

I cancelled the gas and electric, being the Bank Holiday, they wouldn't
actually be cut until tomorrow.

I needed my wallet and to pack my clothes. The kitchen light was on at home,
Marlene drinking tea, looking worse for wear.

"Hi, Hon, can you look at the telly? I can only get white noise. Give us a
lift to the hospital before you go to bed will you, Sweetie? I drank shots and
am still illegal, didn't get home until four. We need to collect Shirley, they
kept her in overnight after she hyperventilated at the club, the baby's not
due for another week. She'll needs her purse ... Sweetheart, you alright?"

No, I bloody well wasn't.

