### The First Day of the Rest by Sy Croydon

**Date Added:** 2014-01-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Rochelle's a damsel in distress, who can't conrol her clothing, or her emotions... but some might say she has a certain charm. 

* * *

# The First Day of the Rest...  
  
---  
  
"TODAY,” said the slim, dark-haired girl, smiling at her own reflection, “Is
the first day of the rest of my life!”

She pivoted in front of the full-length mirror, craning her neck to check
herself from every angle, appreciating the fit and cut of her new, fawn-
coloured dress. The mirror - given her undoubted, and all-encompassing vanity
- was as vital an adjunct to her life as a weapon is to a warrior, a bat to a
cricketer, a horse and six-shooter to a cowboy. It was her reassuring friend,
her anchor, her drug.

“The first day,” she repeated, “of the rest of my life. It doesn't matter
what's gone before. From this day, my life changes. Today, I will be
confident, sensible, in-control. Today, I will stand up to those that try to
bully and belittle me. Even that horrible Joanne and that dreadful Helene. I
will arrive at work on time, and perform it efficiently and with flair. I will
remain calm in traffic jams, and cool when under pressure.”

She smoothed her immaculately manicured hands down along her hips, determined
to remove even the slightest of wrinkles or ridges from the synthetic material
of the dress.

“On Friday, I will have enough left over from my salary to pay Suzie my share
of the rent. I will pay off my credit cards, up to the hilt. My clothes will
fit and behave perfectly. Today, nothing will slip down, or ride up, or come
undone. My lipstick will not smudge, and my make up will not cake. My voice
will stay calm and pleasantly modulated.”

She reached her hands behind her, and gave a series of sharp tugs to the
elaborate bow, in almost the same colour as the suit, that was looped around
her ponytail. She regarded this way of dressing her hair as her especial
trademark, and barely regretted the constant attention required to keep it
sitting perfectly.

“I will be confident in my dealings with others. Soon - very soon - there will
be that special man in my life, and I will no longer be alone. Today, no
matter what happens... I will _not_ blush!”

She could not resist another look into the mirror. What she saw there varied
with her mood. At times, a gorgeous, seductive goddess stared back at her, at
others a grotesque, shrinking failure. The mirror, possessing no magical
properties, could not be blamed for this. It simply reflected back what was
presented to it. A slim, pale-skinned girl in her mid twenties, of slightly
above average height, with large, deep, green eyes, generous lips, straight
brunette hair. Hips slightly wider than perfection demanded, good thighs,
tapering down to thin calves which combined with her large, protuberant,
rounded breasts to give her a slightly top-heavy appearance.

“I am Rochelle Kaitlyn Heath,” she finished. She gave a series of tugs and
pats to the hips of the dress. “I am a _success_!”

The sound of the clock striking eight broke into her affirmations. Panic
rising in her throat, she snatched up her briefcase and handbag from the chair
in the corner of the room, and scurried for the stairs. Half way between
floors, her left shoe flew off, and, her co-ordination having let her down
again, she skittered and slid, bumping down the stairs on her _derriere_, her
dress rucking up from its original mid-thigh length to somewhere around her
hips, revealing the gusset oh her off-black pantyhose, under which sat a pair
of white, high-waisted panties.

“As graceful as ever,” came a voice from the bedroom opposite Rochelle's. A
tousled, blonde head peeped out, bearing an affectionately amused expression.
“You know, Roche, stairs usually work better if you stay upright.”

“I slipped,” replied Rochelle, frantically yanking at the hem of her dress.
She could feel herself blushing. So much for her morning affirmations, she
thought. Already at least half of them had down the chute as quickly as she'd
gone down the stairs, and she hadn't even got out of the front door yet.

“Seriously, I thought we had a rogue elephant in the house,” the blonde
giggled, emerging into view and coming (in a more conventional manner) down
the stairs. She stooped to scoop Rochelle's possessions back into the handbag,
the clasp of which had sprung open when she'd fallen. The fact that the items
spilled included a pack of tampons and a spare pair of panties (in a fetching
pale green) did not serve to cool Rochelle's blush.

Said blush, in fact, was the bane (or, at least, one of the banes) of
Rochelle's life. At the mildest trace of embarrassment, the merest hint of a
sexual innuendo, the mildest accidental immodesty - Rochelle's face would turn
a deep reddish pink, despite her frantic efforts to control it.

“Don't forget, rent the day after tomorrow,” continued the blonde, helping
Rochelle to her feet. “I can't carry you again this time. I still owe on my
car payment. A teacher's pay goes nowhere.”

“Suzie Callaghan, I resent the implication,” snapped Rochelle, resettling the
entropic damage to the fit of her dress with a further series of yanks and
tugs, “that me being late last month is a constant. Let me assure you - ”

“_And_ last month, and the month before,” laughed Suzie. “It's cool Roche. I
know a _fashionista_ like you has other drains on her purse.”

Though not exactly sure what a _fashionista_ might be (one of the problems of
sharing accommodation with a schoolteacher was that one's vocabulary was never
quite up to the job) Rochelle decided to take it, from the context in which it
had been used, as a compliment. In any case, asserting herself from a position
of ridicule was definitely not Rochelle's strong point. And having revealed
one's panties (in fact, two sets) to one's housemate before one has even
started one's journey from work definitely qualified as such.

There were many things, Rochelle mused, that she envied about Suzie, who she
had met during her first year after graduation, and with whom she had been
sharing the rental house for three years. Her practicality, her confidence,
her competence as a schoolteacher (not that Rochelle would have swapped jobs
in a fit. Adolescent children were one of the many things that scared her),
her ability to attract boyfriends, and, most of all, the way she took life in
her stride, brushing off problems – problems that would have reduced Rochelle
to a screaming fit - with a joke and a twinkling of her cornflower-blue eyes.

Today, though, there was a definite focus for that envy. Suzie was still
wearing her crumpled nightgown, suggesting it was yet another student-free
day. A day in bed, reading magazines (or, knowing Suzie, Shakespeare),
listening to music, gossiping with friends on the phone. Rather than having to
battle through traffic, rush to meet deadlines, be bullied by Joanne and
Helene, have to fret about one's bra-straps slipping at awkward moments, or
one's slip showing, or -

_Stop that, Rochelle, stop that_, she admonished herself. _Today, remember, is
the first day of the rest of your life._

As she sprinted for her car, a bronze-coloured Honda, with a shouted “see you
at teatime,” the illogicalities of that well-meaning statement did not occur
to her. That, indeed, every day was the first of the rest of your life. But
that this rarely made any difference!

***** 

_(Two hours later)_

“Honestly, Rochelle, you look like a drowned rat!”

Rochelle continued to wring out her hair, dumping her sodden hair-ribbon on
the car seat behind her. She had to admit, Suzie did have a point.

“You're just not safe out alone, are you?” the blonde continued, desperately
trying to repress laughter. “Talk about a one-girl disaster area.”

“Don't mock, Suzie,” sobbed Rochelle, huddling in the blanket that Suzie had
thoughtfully provided. “I'm soaking wet, and I feel an utter fool.”

“You've been gone two hours, and already you're in a mess. Honestly, Roche, it
hasn't rained for weeks! Only you could get soaking wet in the middle of a
drought! And you dragged me away from a cool, air-conditioned bedroom, too.”
Suzie flicked the indicator, and merged onto the main highway. “So what
happened? You slipped and fell in the river? Couldn't get your make-up right,
and dived off the Empress Victoria Bridge in despair? Fell down a drain? Took
a shower and forgot to take your clothes off?”

“My pantyhose were sagging,” replied Rochelle, in a small, embarrassed voice.

“_What_?!! But how - ”

“It's a long story.”

***** 

Any observer who had seen Rochelle emerging from her car and striding, on
tapping heels to the lift that morning, chatting enthusiastically with one of
her colleagues, would have concluded that she was happy, comfortable and at
peace with the world. After all, why wouldn't they? To all appearances she was
a rising and competent young executive, with her brown hair elaborately tied
in a soft fawn bow, and attractively dressed in a well-fitting dress, sheer
off-black hosiery and black, high-heeled shoes. The only possible conclusion
would have been that here was a true high-flier, a successful, thrusting,
dynamic go-getter, on top of the world, totally in control of every situation.

But appearances can be deceptive!

To put it bluntly, Rochelle may well have been a rising young executive, but
she was far from happy, far from comfortable, and a long way from being at
peace with the world.

And it was all the fault of her pantyhose.

Her thin calves and proportionally wide hips meant that Rochelle was rarely
able to buy pantyhose that fitted her perfectly, and when her crotch wasn't
drooping the hose often bagged into embarrassing folds around her instep.
Rochelle could frequently be seen trying to hitch unobtrusively at something
around her hips – which didn't mean she was wearing a too-tight girdle. It
meant that she was having hosiery trouble again. She knew pantyhose came in
tall sizes, but that did her little good. She was still always having to
hitch!

At one minute to eight, while she had been primping in front of the mirror,
they had been tight, well-fitting and perfectly in place. Her precipitous
descent of the stairs, however, had already revealed flaws in any hopes she
might have had that they would stay that way throughout the day. Sitting in
the car for the half-hour drive to work had produced further nylonic entropy,
so that by the time she had nosed the vehicle into her reserved space and
emerged from the door, the gusset was already sitting at least an inch below
the position required for true comfort, and she could feel them sneaking
steadily further downwards as she walked. Her confident stride was a facade,
adopted for the benefit of Helene, one of the most efficient and intimidating
of Rochelle's work colleagues, known for her short temper, impatience with
failure and acid remarks.

Helene was not Rochelle's supervisor - in fact, officially at least, they were
equal in seniority - but in what can be best described as psychological
dominance, was very much her superior. If Helene was an alpha-female, Rochelle
was very much an omega, and knew it. Even when Helene was not setting out to
be sarcastic or cutting, Rochelle always felt herself intimidated by her. When
Helene chose to assert her dominance, Rochelle always felt herself shrinking
inside, reduced to a trembling, frightened, blushing little girl.

Even to a neutral observer, Rochelle would have kept her hosiery issue a
secret. Her almost pathological shyness, her fear of looking ridiculous, her
propensity to blush, would have seen to that. The act of hitching up sagging
pantyhose is undignified at the best of times, forcing the victim to adopt a
knees-bent crouch that looks utterly ridiculous, and in front of someone just
waiting to pounce on any weakness was even less to be countenanced. Given that
rarely a day or so when by without some article or other of her attire
misbehaving, Rochelle was well aware that she was the office joke. There was
no way - absolutely no way - that she was going to admit to Helene that her
pantyhose were slipping down, thus giving her further ammunition for mockery
and scorn. And as for adjusting them - Rochelle would rather have walked
barefoot over burning coals!

So she did her best to ignore the binding web of nylon, stretching from one
upper-thigh to another, as she forced a smile onto her face and chatted with
Helene, doing her best to match her colleague's express-train stride, despite
the handicap.

“Yeah, so we finished up at eight, and we sorted everything out, I think,”
Helene was saying. “Are you all right there? You look like you're about to
fall over. Heels too high, are they?” Helene's heels were at least an inch
higher than Rochelle's, her pale mauve business suit fitted perfectly, her
hair and make up were, as usual, immaculate.

Rochelle blushed, and made some non-committal remark about a patch of grease
on the car park floor.

While Helene stabbed the button to call the lift, and prattled on about
company affairs, Rochelle rapidly ran through the situation in her mind. If
only Helene's car hadn't drawn up at that precise moment, she'd have had the
lift to herself, and gone through the ridiculous-looking procedure of hoisting
up her errant hosiery in perfect privacy. But now, here she was, with what
seemed like an artificial penis of nylon at her gusset, and the feeling of
bunched hosiery gathering around her upper thighs. She sighed. It was always
something!

_Only Helene would come to work already having been to an hour long meeting_,
she thought. _Damnit, if she hadn't been here, I would have been fine. Now
I've got to walk all across the office floor to my cubicle, with the stupid
things creeping further South every second. I'm not even sure if I'm going to
get that far, before the blasted crotch is around my knees! _An exaggeration,
of course, though given the extreme discomfort in which Rochelle found
herself, perhaps understandable.

She ran through various schemes in her head, as Helene droned on. Could she
maybe hold her briefcase in a strategic place, and give the waistband of the
hose a discreet hitch? No, that would never work. Helene was so observant, she
could have given Sherlock Holmes a run for his money. Even if she didn't
remark on it, it would soon be all around the office that Rochelle was having
hose problems yet again.

Could she, then, suddenly “remember” she had business on another floor, dart
out of the lift, and seek out a wash room? The problem was, her company,
Harcourt's HardDrives, (_High class computer parts. Reliability is our
watchword_) leased floors 7 to 12 of the building. And Rochelle and Helene
both worked on 7. Even had she not been distracted by her plunging nether
garments, Rochelle's imagination was not quite up to the task of fabricating a
plausible reason why she had to visit Allstar Publishing, Lesley's
Pharmaceutical Importers, or Cutie-Pie Baby Goods!

Perhaps, she thought, she could distract her colleague by pointing upwards,
and giving the falling hose a rapid hitch in the brief window of opportunity
that occurred while Helene was looking elsewhere. Claim to be itchy, and
pretend to be scratching. Rearrange the position of her handbag while holding
on to the waist of the pantyhose. She dismissed each idea that came to mind,
as being even more ridiculous (and unlikely to succeed) than the last.

And meanwhile, as the lift rode up, the pantyhose rode steadily down! The trip
from the basement car park to the seventh floor seemed to last several
eternities. And by the time the lift disgorged its occupants, Rochelle felt
lucky to be able to walk without the hose binding her knees together!

This, however, was not the end of her problems. As soon as she emerged from
the lift, Jarrod, one of the clerical staff, collared her with a lament about
the fact that the photocopier had jammed yet again. It would, Rochelle
thought, have been less time-consuming for him to have informed her when it
wasn't! The copier, in fact, was as about as reliable as her pantyhose!

After placating him with an assurance that she would tackle the problem as
soon as she dumped her things in her cubicle (by which time the hose were four
inches below their intended position), she then had to pass and greet a small
knot of staff from the Publicity section, among them Joanne, her particular
nemesis. If Helene was merely curt and impatient, Joanne, a petite, grey-eyed
blonde with a doll-like face, was positively bitchy. If Helene's constant
criticisms of Rochelle were borne out of genuine frustration, Joanne's were
delivered with an unholy glee, a sadistic pleasure in humiliating a natural
victim.

“Morning, Rochelle,” sang out Joanne, in mock friendliness. “Everything secure
in the strap department today?” - a reference to the day before, when Rochelle
had had to spend the whole day replacing the straps of her bra, including
throughout an embarrassing hour-long presentation. A more confident girl might
have called Joanne to task for her bitchiness, but Rochelle, scared of
conflict either physical or verbal (and she knew damn well Joanne could beat
her at both) mumbled a non-committal answer, though the fact that she blushed
a deep red made it publicly obvious that the elven-blonde's shaft had struck
home!

_Honestly, why does she always have to set out to humiliate me,_ Rochelle
fumed, reaching (at last) the safety of her cubicle and angrily flinging down
her briefcase and handbag. _How would _she_ like it if _her_ bra straps
started arcing up at the most awkward moment possible. _ She sighed. Joanne's
clothes never did. And even if they had, Joanne would have carried off the
situation with a confidence and _insouciance_ to which Rochelle could never
even think of aspiring. Other women seemed to live in a mortification-free
zone. It was as if Rochelle had cornered the market!

_I mean, did she have to blurt it out in front of all the guys, too? I mean,
Ryan was there, and everything! _ Rochelle had high hopes of Ryan Blackie, one
of the junior staff from Publicity. Though the youth was six years younger
than her and suffered from mild acne and slightly protruding teeth, he was on
her list of possibles.

Usually, if Rochelle set her romantic sights on any of her colleagues, some
other more confident woman (frequently Joanne, who was man crazy) would move
in and snatch him from under her nose! But Joanne would hardly date someone so
much younger than herself, and whom she supervised into the bargain. In her
deepest heart, Rochelle knew that her lack of confidence, her constant failure
to maintain neatness of appearance and her propensity to collapse into a
blushing, rambling heap whenever she had occasion to speak to Ryan meant that
nothing would ever come of it. But a girl, especially one who had dated,
perhaps, four men in her entire life, had to have something to hang on to!

_I mean, it wouldn't have hurt her to give me a break,_ she muttered to
herself, gripping the waist of her pantyhose and, with the attendant crouching
and wriggling of her hips, hauling it upwards. _Oh, these damn things. I
haven't had them on an hour, and already they've stretched! I wouldn’t mind so
much if they were bargain-basement specials, but they cost a fortune!_

So stretched out were the garments, in fact, that in order to get them back
into their correct position, gusset-wise, she was forced to pull the waist up
almost to her bra. This, of course, hiked her dress up a corresponding amount,
and since it was fairly short anyway, the hem falling slightly above half-way
down her thighs, she knew that, in all possibility, her panties would be on
show had anyone been behind her. Which, thank heaven, they weren't.

_I mean, they can send movies across the internet and put satellites in
space_, she lamented. _Wouldn't you think they'd be able to make a pair of
pantyhose that stay up for five minutes at a time? It's so embarrassing having
to constantly fuss with them in front of people. Thank heaven I've finally got
a few seconds privacy to sort them out. I think I'd faint with mortification
if anyone saw me doing - _

“Rochelle?” came a male voice from behind her. “I need to - oops!”

Rochelle let out a screech, her normal breathy contralto voice rising to a
squeaky crescendo, as it normally did when she was surprised or upset. She
frantically wriggled her dress down, blushing furiously. “M-Mr Branigan,” she
gabbled. “I'm so sorry. I was just - I had to - I'm having trouble with my -
I... ”

It was typical of Rochelle that, caught in the act of pulling up her
pantyhose, she felt obliged to apologise for it! Of all the people to catch
her in the act, it would be the General Manager. This was not turning out to
be a good day.

But then, she mused, did it ever?

James Branigan stood, with his back to Rochelle, his hands clasped in front of
him, a harassed expression on his jowly features. It hadn't surprised him that
he'd caught Rochelle, the Assistant Marketing Director of the company (a
somewhat grandiose title, meaning simply that she was the supervisor of the
Sales department, for Harcourt's tended towards awarding status in lieu of
hard cash) in the middle of re-dressing herself. Had he not been so
overworked, with multile deadlines (all of which had long passed) indulging in
a _battle royale_ in his head for attention, he might have approached her
cubicle with more caution.

As it was, he'd forgotten the unwritten rule. That, to save mutual
embarrassment, it was always best to knock before entering Rochelle's cubicle.
He had long ago lost count of the number of times he'd walked in on her with
her hands up her skirt as she'd been straightening a wedgie in her panties,
untangling a bunched up slip, or performing some other form of maintenance to
her intimate apparel!

Overworked and besieged as he was, James Lancelot Branigan was no fool. He
knew that under the nervous, self-effacing shell with which her colleagues
were familiar, Rochelle was not without potential. Her diffident manner,
propensity to blushing, shyness and inability to assert herself masked many
excellent qualities. Frequently, he had turned to her when out of ideas for a
way to open up a stubborn new market, push a new marketing idea to the higher
echelons of the company hierarchy, or solve a problem that had defeated more
conventional minds.

Many times he had considered telling her just how valuable she was to the
company, that the impatience he always seemed to show in her presence was due
to external pressures and not dissatisfaction with her work. But somehow, as
he lurched from crisis to crisis, constantly three steps behind his ever
burgeoning workload, he never seemed to find the time. Thus it was that
Rochelle seemed to live in fear of him, and the right moment to dissipate her
nervousness never seemed to occur.

“May I turn around yet?” he asked, impatiently.

“S-Sorry, Mr Branigan. All sorted,” Rochelle replied, wishing that the floor
of the cubicle could, somehow, open up and engulf her. She fanned her face,
attempting to dissipate the worst of the blush that had, once again, denied
her any chance to hide or minimise her embarrassment.

“It's that presentation about the new network system,” James said. “You know,
the one for Synge Brothers, down near Milan Street station.”

“But Mr Branigan,” began Rochelle. She was experiencing all the mixed emotions
that come from a nervous employee that had previously thought they were deep
in the poo, have suddenly realised they aren't, yet may only clear themselves
by the awkward action of telling someone higher up in the chain that they have
made a mistake, “I'm not handling that. Don't you remember? Julianne's doing
the talk.”

“Yes, yes, I know.” James waved his flabby hands impatiently. He held up a CD
Rom. “And she went off without the software for the presentation. I tried
ringing the mail room, to get Lance to take it over, but he's off on a
delivery somewhere, and isn't responding to his bleeper. In fact, just about
everyone on the floor seems to be tied up, one way or another.”

As he said the words “tied up,” a slight softening spread over his features.
He recalled that that night, he was booked for an appointment with a young
lady of (it may best be described) negotiable affection, and while he was
used, in his working life, to being told he as a naughty boy (though the
Chairman usually used more formal phrases) it somehow was a whole lot more
thrilling to be told so by Mistress Marlene. He made a special effort, and
brought himself back to the business in hand.

“So I wondered if there was anyone on your staff free, to run an errand,” he
concluded.

“Shouldn't be a problem,” Rochelle replied, consulting the timetable on the
whiteboard behind her desk. She frowned. “Damn. Sam and Millie are both off
doing sales calls, Micah's on leave, and Robert called in sick.”

“What about Evie?”

“She went with Julianne to assist with the presentation.”

“Bugger!” James heaved a deep sigh. Yet another crisis demanding his
attention. To turn up without the disc vital for the presentation would
severely handicap Julianne's effort to sell to an already demanding client. It
could well make the company look foolish, and even lose the sale.

And then, suddenly a thought struck him. Normally, corporate protocol would
forbid him requesting one of his senior staff to perform a menial errand. Had
he requested Helene Francis or Joanne Selby, for example, to scuttle across
town on such a mission, he'd have been met with an indignant reminder of their
workload, and (if he was lucky) only grudging acquiescence.

On the other hand, whatever Rochelle's other shortcomings - she was willing
enough.

“Urm, Rochelle, I hate asking,” he began, “but how's your diary right now?”

***** 

Half an hour later, Rochelle strode along Milan Street, one of the city's most
crowded thoroughfares, with mixed emotions.

On the one hand, Julianne, unlike many of Rochelle's other colleagues, had
always been sympathetic to her, lending her safety pins during her frequent
underwear emergencies, or keeping watch while she performed one of the
clothing adjustments Rochelle more often than not seemed to need to perform at
some point during the day. Rochelle had been more than pleased to do her a
favour. And Julianne's relieved expression when Rochelle had discreetly
slipped her the disc, with two minutes to spare before the start of the
presentation had been reward enough. It wasn't often that Rochelle managed to
be the rescuer of someone else's embarrassing situation, and it was a heady
feeling.

Against that, her _armor propre_ had taken something of a blow. To be “asked”
(and Rochelle was not so naïve as not to realise that, however it was phrased,
a “request” from one's General Manager is anything but) to go scurrying off on
a menial errand fit for a junior was not consistent with her position. She
was, after all, Assistant Marketing Director, wasn't she? It was... it was
_demeaning_!

Of course, her course at Business College had been quite firm on the point
(and the American self-help books she devoured on a constant basis had
reinforced the idea) that a willingness to step outside one's normal routine
and show flexibility were the key to corporate success. But surely, she mused,
there was a limit!

Oh well, it was done, now. And, right at the moment, she had a more pressing
issue with which to contend!

To put it delicately, things were again not going well in the hosiery
department.

When Mr Branigan had charged her with the urgent delivery of the vital CD Rom,
he had been quite reassuring that no watertight deadline was involved. The
presentation was not due to commence for another half hour, leaving plenty of
time for Rochelle to make the quarter-hour walk through town to the
appropriate venue, hand over the CD, and make her leisurely way back. What he
had not banked on was Jarrod grabbing her, just as she was about to summon the
lift, with an urgent “Ms Heath, the photocopier's still jammed to buggery, and
there's a massive queue!”

Given the frequency with which the temperamental contrivance malfunctioned,
the staff at Harcourt's had long since rendered solving the jam problem down
to the finest of arts. Fixing it was a simple enough procedure - simply a
matter of unlocking a door which gave access to the beast's inner workings and
flicking a small switch to reverse the feed - and it had long since become
routine. It rarely took more than a few minutes.

The somewhat old-fashioned hierarchical culture at Harcourt's, however, meant
that only Department Heads and above were allowed to hold the keys, which
meant that staff at that exalted level were required before the fix that could
be carried out. Which meant, in turn, that Rochelle, as the only key-holder
available, was forced to perform the procedure.

Even for someone as clumsy as Rochelle, fixing the problem was simple enough,
and it was only a few minutes later that she shut the door with a satisfying
click, receiving the grateful thanks of Jarrod and the other staff who were
waiting to use it.

But as she straightened up, in the happy knowledge that something had, at
last, gone right, Rochelle felt the ominous loosening in her gusset that meant
her pantyhose were falling down again!

The undignified gyrations necessary to correct the problem were certainly not
feasible in front of the long queue of junior staff members assembled to use
the copier, and since the time spent fixing the device had served to evaporate
the previous time-cushion for delivering the CD, a visit to the wash room was
out of the question. She had originally planned to perform a quick adjustment
in the privacy of the lift, but (Rochelle's luck being what it was)she had not
had the device to herself during any of the three rides that she took –
downwards to the street in the Harcourt's building, upwards to the ninth floor
at the Synge HQ, and back down to the street again.

So, since she had first bent down at the copier, the rebellious hose had been
riding steadily downwards, with the result that the crotch was now three
inches below its intended position, and Rochelle realised that any further
disarrangement might well prevent her being able to move with any dignity at
all! There was only one bright spot, and this thought had sustained her while
she squirmed and fretted in the crowded lift during the downwards ride. Just
outside the station, less than a minutes walk from the Synge building, was a
public washroom. And, now that she'd discharged her mission, time was no
longer of the essence.

_Saved,_ she thought, striding down the steps into the sickly-sweet smelling
subterranean temple of comfort. _I'm going to haul these damn things up to my
neck! And then, with any luck, they'll at least stay put until morning tea
time, and I can – oops!_

The last “oops” was Rochelle's exasperated reaction when she realised that she
was not saved at all. She withdrew hastily, relief flooding her heart when she
realised that she had not been seen.

For the wash room was full of young feral girls, their ages ranging from
twelve to about fourteen, all dressed in their jet-black finery, festooned
with metal and tattoos, puffing contentedly on sticks of marijuana.

No-one who has read thus far will need reminding that Rochelle was far from
the most confident of people. Despite the tender ages of the girls, Rochelle
was under no doubt that any of them could comfortably overpower her without
even raising a sweat. To venture down into such territory, dressed in her
executive finery was, she knew, asking to be persecuted. She was forced to
beat a humiliating retreat, conscious that her rebellious hosiery was still
riding even further Southwards!

She continued walking along the street, her deep green eyes were frantically
darting around in an effort to find a place where she could put herself to
rights without an audience. _Honestly, the revolting little creatures,_ she
whined under her breath. _Gathering in swarms like that, preventing ordinary
decent people from using the facilities! They should be in school, _(the
information she had gained from Suzie that morning, that today was a student-
free day, did not spring to mind. Rochelle's internal tirades did not allow
for mitigating evidence) _or with their probation officers, or something. _

_Not that I'm scared of them, or anything. I mean, the very idea. It's just
that... that... that it could affect my reputation, mixing with such... I
mean, I'd come out with my clothes reeking of hemp. It wouldn't do for people
to think I'd become a... a drug user! _

Thus having secured the reassuring triumph of convincing herself she was not a
coward, she returned to the urgent task of finding a place of privacy where
she could decently pull up her pantyhose. A shop doorway was rejected as being
visible from the street, parked cars (she knew from bitter experience) did not
provide a secure shield, she eschewed the space between a bus shelter and the
wall of a building since she would be unable to squeeze her body into such a
narrow space, and the only other possibility, that of returning to the Synge
building and seeking out the staff facilities was by now, out of the question.
By then, the damn things would probably be round her ankles! All too late, she
cursed herself for not thinking of this ideal situation sooner.

Rochelle had just resigned herself to the mortifying fact that she would
probably have to perform the mortifying act of yanking the hose up in public
(and her blush was already rising in anticipation) when her heart gave a
little leap.

**_Fractured Heart_**

read the legend of the shop that she was currently passing.

**_Your centre for Gothic clothing supplies._**

In case the shop's title left any room for doubt, the window display - packed
with corsets, leather pants, minuscule skirts, boots festooned with buckles
and scanty tops, all of these items coloured either black, red or a deep
maroon - removed any ambiguity. Rochelle was about as unlikely to shop in such
an _outre_ establishment as she was to have taken up all-in wrestling or
shooting heroin, but nonetheless, the happy though struck her that boutiques,
by their very nature, contained a fitting-room. A place where a lady (if the
shop's traditional _clientele_ could be described thus) was free from prying
eyes.

A retreat, in short, where pantyhose could be hoisted up without
embarrassment.

Inside, the establishment was even more packed with merchandise. A faint smell
of incense, wall posters of bestial-looking transsexual rock stars, and a
counter displaying _bhangs_ (with a notice asserting “For tobacco use only” -
as if!) added to the atmosphere. It was obvious where the bestial girls
Rochelle had encountered in the wash room replenished their wardrobes! A few
adolescents of indeterminate gender were browsing the racks, bopping to the
_Depeche Mode_ track that issues from the massive speakers set along the far
wall.

Behind the counter stood a bored looking girl, her hair dyed purple, green and
pink, festooned with chains, studs and tattoos, dressed in leather pants cut
so low they barely rose above her _pubis_, and a black silk crop top from
which her breasts spilled in glorious ebullience.

“Good morning,” the girl said, politely enough, though her voice held more
than a faint hint of gravel – not to mention surprise. Rochelle guessed that
she was far from the shop's usual class of customer. “Can I help you?”

“Good morning,” Rochelle replied, feeling quite democratic that she was even
conversing with such an obvious member of the _demi-monde_. “I'd like to use
the fitting-room, please.”

"Yeah, sure." The young girl said. "What did you want to, like, try on?"

"Oh, I don't want to try anything on." Rochelle gave a shudder at the thought
of her body in the Gothic delights that were available in this particular
shrine to rebellion. "I just want to go _in _there."

The girl gave her a funny look. All too late, Rochelle realised that a better
course of action would have been to pretend to be interested in some item of
attire, which would still have given her access to the room without the need
for explanation. Oh well, too late now.

“Urm, the thing is,” she said, feeling her face colour yet again, “I'm in a
rather inconvenient predicament.”

“Inconvenient?” the girl asked, popping her gum.

“Yes. An inconvenient predicament. You see - ”

“Predicament?”

Honestly, had this creature never heard English spoken before?

“Y-Yes,” replied Rochelle, her embarrassment causing her to grope for words.
She lowered her voice to a whisper. “_I'm having trouble with my pantyhose_.”

“Your pantyhose?”

_For heavens sake,_ mused Rochelle to herself. It was like being an
anthropologist having to teach English to some lost tribe. Which, in a sense
of course, it was.

“Y_es,” _she hissed._ “You see, they've worked down, and I rather need to...
perform a rather unladylike adjustment, if you see what I mean._”

The creature craned over the counter and looked up and down Rochelle's legs,
causing the latter's blush to increase exponentially.

“They look fine to me,” the shop girl said, in the sort of voice that
suggested she was trying to be reassuringly complimentary. “No, like,
wrinkles, or anything.”

“Thank you,” Rochelle replied. “But,” she lowered her voice again. “_It's not
the legs so much as the... er... the... _” she wondered if it were possible
for a face to actually explode with blushing. “_The crotch, as it were._”

_Please, please, please make her not repeat the word “crotch” out loud, _she
implored to herself.

“Ah, I get it,” the creature replied. “The old droopy gusset, eh?”

Though thankful that the (presumably sub-normal) menial had finally
comprehended the situation, Rochelle could have wished that she hadn't
displayed her understanding in quite such a loud voice. Rochelle was sure she
heard a few subdued giggles, as the heads of other customers swivelled towards
her.

“_Would you mind keeping your voice down_?” she hissed. “_This is_
embarrassing!”

The girl at least had the grace to apologise, albeit in a somewhat perfunctory
manner, and indicated a row of curtained-off booths set along the side wall of
the shop.

_At last,_ Rochelle sighed to herself, revelling in at last finding a haven of
privacy. _ And not a second too soon!_ For the crotch of the hose was now at
least four inches below the position where it had started out that morning,
and examination revealed that she looked as if her groin was actually webbed!

She grabbed the waist of the pantyhose through the material of the dress and
hauled upwards, gyrating her hips, then repeated the procedure at the rear.
Her aim was to pull the hose up to maximum tightness by a series of yanks at
various points of its circumference, but the procedure was by no means as easy
as might be assumed. The slippery, synthetic material of her dress not only
prevented her gripping the hose underneath as tightly as she'd have liked, but
was becoming more wrinkled and creased with every move. Yet lifting up the hem
to remove the obstacle was no solution, for the dress was so tight that this
would crease it even more.

_I just can't win,_ she groaned, frustration building in her like a wave.

And then, suddenly, an idea struck her. Had she stuck to her original plan -
sneaking behind a parked car, or into a shop doorway - the idea would have
been impossible to carry out, and she would have had to regard her wrinkled
dress as collateral damage. But here, in the fitting room of a boutique (she
smiled at the thought) what was to prevent her removing the dress entirely,
sorting out her hosiery issues, and putting the dress back on? After all,
there was nothing weird about being in a fitting room in one's underwear.
That's what such places were for.

Swiftly, she shucked off her dress, picked it up from the floor and hung it
over the swing door of the fitting room. Revelling in her privacy, she tugged
up the pantyhose until they were skintight, (_They won't fall back_

_down in a hurry_, she said under her breath), smoothed them, pulled her
panties from down where they had reached during her pulling up of the hose,
re-did her hair-ribbon, tugged down her white bra (which her agitation had
caused to ride up slightly and was digging in), tightened the straps (she
didn't want a repeat of yesterday – especially since this dress was
sleeveless), then, feeling more comfortable than she had for some time, turned
and reached for her dress.

And encountered empty air!

Thinking it had simply fallen onto the floor, she looked down. But the floor,
too, was innocent of synthetic, fawn-coloured material.

Rochelle felt panic rising in her. Had the seemingly helpful (if slightly
microcephalic) shop assistant been laughing under her breath at her the whole
time? Was it a game she played, luring innocent executives into her store,
only to steal their clothes as a cruel practical joke? Even someone as
neurotic as Rochelle, however, saw the flaws in this supposition.

_No, I'm sure there's a perfectly innocent explanation,_ she told herself.
Shyly, she poked her head over the top of the door.

"Excuse me," she said, in a small voice to the girl that had shown her to the
fitting room. Unfortunately the girl was on the telephone, taking away to
someone that, judging by her giggles and the artificial sexiness of her voice
was her lover.

"Excuse me!" Rochelle said again, slightly more aggressively than she meant,
causing the other two customers in the shop to look at her. Rochelle went
several shades redder.

"Be with you in a moment," the girl replied slightly petulantly, her hand over
the mouthpiece of the phone.

"But - " Rochelle began, to no avail. The girl had returned to her
conversation.

Rochelle stamped her feet, balled her fists and punched the air in
frustration. She had already been gone longer than she should, and had been
expecting several important calls at work. Worse, if her dress could not be
found she might not get back at all.

And then, suddenly she saw it. But this discovery did little to restore her
equilibrium.

For It was leaving the shop - on the body of a woman of about her own age, who
appeared well satisfied with her purchase. Rochelle rushed out of the change
room, darted after the woman, and then pulled up short as she remembered that
she was in a shop full of teenagers, in a state of undress. Shielding her
breasts with one forearm, and her crotch with the other hand, she screamed,
and scurried back to the fitting-room, hyperventilating in panic!

Something like twenty minutes later - which time Rochelle spent crouched on
the floor of the fitting-room, fuming and sobbing - the girl finished her
call, and strolled over to stand outside.

“Was there something you wanted?” she asked.

“My dress has gone,” wailed Rochelle.

“Huh? You mean, like, the zip's broken? Hang on, I'll get you a safety pin.
I'm sure I've got - ”

“You idiotic creature. I don't mean the zip's broken. I mean my dress is
_gone_! I just saw someone walking out of the shop wearing it!”

“Oh shit,” said the girl, guiltily. “I did wonder why you suddenly, like, came
rushing out of the fitting-room in that old-fashioned underwear. Thought you
might have Tourettes, or something.

“I beg your pardon? Tourette's?”

“Yeah, you know, when you suddenly have, like, fits and stuff. I knew this
chick once, and she - ”

“I know f... I know damn well what Tourette's is. For heaven's sake, you've
sold my _dress_! What on earth possessed you to sell a garment you didn't even
- ,” suddenly, something else the girl had said filtered into Rochelle's
consciousness. “Old-fashioned underwear? How _dare_ you?”

“Well, it is kind of _Bridget Jones's Diary_, isn't it?” The girl peered over
the top of the door and looked Rochelle up and down. “You know, that book by
Helen Fielding. It's about this girl who -”

“Will you stop babbling on about exotic mental conditions and chick-lit,”
screamed Rochelle, in frustration (not to mention once again squirming in
embarrassment. Having her underwear described in such disparaging terms had
certainly not helped.) “For your information, young lady, many super-models
wear... wear panties with a slightly higher rise. It helps give a smoother
line under tighter clothing, and - anyway, that's beside the point. You've
sold a dress that didn't belong to you, and - and will you stop _staring_ at
me?”

“Sorry,” the girl said, in a voice that suggested she wasn't particularly.
“It's just it's, like, kind of unusual to see a girl with legs as skinny as
yours have such big - ”

“_Excuse_ me!”

“Yeah, sorry. And sorry about the dress, too. I did, like, wonder about it. I
mean, it's a lot more, like, retro than most of the stuff we have in here, and
it didn't have any price tag on it. I just thought it was prob'ly some new
line the manageress was trying out.”

“_Retro_?!” Rochelle's scream threatened to lift the room.

The girl made placatory downwards motions with the palms of her hands. “Calm
yourself, girly, calm yourself. I mean, anyone can make a mistake, right?”

“Where is the manageress. I demand instant restitution.”

“It's her day off.”

“What? Now, listen!” Even someone as self-effacing and shy as Rochelle had her
breaking-point, and she had just about reached it. “I'm in here in my
_underwear_, you idiotic waste of space and oxygen. Do you expect me to go
back to work like this? Well? _Do_ you?”

“Of course not, Madam,” the girl replied. She spread her hands and swivelled
her neck, as if drawing attention to the rest of the shop. “I mean - you know,
we are, like, a _boutique_!”

“Well then,” spat Rochelle. “In that case, _like_, you'd better, _like_, find
me, _like_, something to, _like_, wear, _like_, hadn't you?”

“There's no need to, like, lose your temper, girly,” the girl replied. “Like,
we'd hardly kick you out into the street in, like, June Cleaver's underwear,
would we?”

Normally, it would have been a situation in which any young girl might have
revelled. To be given free reign in a boutique, with the task of picking
anything they liked from stock, at no charge. And, under any other
circumstances, Rochelle would have been no exception.

There were, in this case, however, circumstances that mitigated against
Rochelle's enjoyment of the experience. Such as being, by now, extremely late
getting back to work. Such as having already exposed herself, in her
underwear, to a whole gaggle of feral Goths. Such as being told, quite
casually, that her breasts were, proportionally, grotesquely large for the
thickness of her legs. That her designer business dress, of which she had been
so proud, was “retro” and that her underwear even more so.

And most of all, the humiliating business of being too large for most of the
available stock!

Rochelle was by no means grotesquely overweight. In fact, for an executive in
her mid twenties, living a sedentary lifestyle, with frequent attendance at
business lunches and office parties, she was almost miraculously slim, save
for hips that were, perhaps, slightly wider than she might have liked (and, of
course, her voluptuous breasts).

_The Fractured Heart,_ however, catered for a demographic that was not only
younger but, in the main, slimmer than the voluptuous, mid-twenties executive
norm. And somewhat less modest.

To give the girl assistant her due, she tried, and tried hard, to satisfy her
unwilling customer. She strained and panted, attempting to zip Rochelle into
various items. There were some things that Rochelle could get into, but which
left so much of her exposed that she might as well have been wearing nothing
at all. Other things were of a length and cut that (just) satisfied her
standards of modesty, but which she would not have been able to get into even
had an outsize shoehorn been available.

Eventually, after a half hour's further humiliation, the girl finally managed
to find Rochelle an outfit that, if not entirely suitable for business wear,
would at least pass muster. A black stretch crop-top that made her breasts
look like two bald headed men head-banging to heavy-metal music under a
blanket, and a bright red floor length skirt in what looked like a taffeta-
type material, which, though it dug in at the waist and wrinkled at the hips
and strained at the stomach (making Rochelle look pregnant), did at least
suffer itself to be zipped up after resistance that might have done credit to
the defenders of Thermopylae. Taking Rochelle's credit card, the girl led her
to the counter, credited her the price of her original dress, debited the
price of the new skirt (the difference being minuscule) and handed her a pen
with which to sign the sales slip.

Rochelle, in her agitation, fumbled the act of taking the biro and dropped it
onto the floor. With a sigh of exasperation - would this damn situation take
_forever_ to resolve - she bent to retrieve it.

And a loud ripping sound echoed through the shop.

Rochelle's hands flew to her posterior. Once again, her face went beet red.
For, once again, she was exposing her (apparently retro) underwear to the
entire store. She scuttled back to the safety of the fitting-room, sobbing in
mortification.

After another fifteen minutes, the girl managed to come up with a shocking
pink skirt that looked, to Rochelle, more like a wide belt. Since it was at
the high end of the shop's size-range, however, once she was zipped into it,
it at least managed to cover her posterior, and (provided she remembered to
twitch down the hem after every step) had some chance of continuing to do so.

Ironically, Rochelle was force to remove the pantyhose that had got her into
the mess in the first place, for their waistband protruded above the waist of
the skirt by at least three inches. At least an inch of her panties were also
revealed, but (given that the skirt was the soul of wit for brevity) removing
those also was not something she was prepared to countenance. She compromised
by rolling the waist down, which made an unsightly bulge just below the
waistband of the skirt, but by now even Rochelle was past caring.

Once outside the shop, she pulled out her mobile and made a call to Mr
Branigan, inventing a sudden business call that she'd forgotten about (and
which, she claimed, would probably take all day), and headed towards the
river. If there was one thing that was beyond contemplation, it was returning
to work dressed like a cheap hooker - and having to explain the change in her
wardrobe to Joanne and Helene. On the other hand, her only way of getting home
- her car - was still in the underground car park.

The plan that she had conceived, while the shop girl had been valiantly
zipping up the skirt was, for Rochelle, a reasonably sound one. She would
embark on the ferry that plied its trade along the River (known, somewhat
unimaginatively as the “Eden”) that wound through the City, embarking at the
terminal just outside the building where she worked, sneak into the car park
and pick up the Honda.

_With any luck, I'll be home within an hour,_ she mused. _And hopefully,
Suzie'll still be in bed, so I can get back into my room and change without
having to give any mortifying account of what happened! _And with this
comforting thought, she set off along the street towards the ferry terminal.

She walked confidently (considering she had to remember to keep tugging the
skirt hem downwards), hoping that no-one approached her asking if she was for
sale! Behind her, she heard two women giggling over some joke. She envied
them. What it must have been like, she sighed, to be a person who didn't have
to cope with constantly sagging pantyhose, bosses that sent you on menial
errands, bullying work colleagues, cretinous shop assistants, (and, since
Rochelle's pity-parties tended to be all-encompassing once she got started),
shoes that pinched, having ridiculous skinny legs and top-heavy boobs, facing
an eight-month waiting list for the tennis club you wanted to join, having no
boyfriend when all of your friends could pick and choose between eligible
males, maxed-out credit cards, make-up that caked, hair that would never sit
quite right... ah, what it would be like, to be out shopping with a friend,
able to share some joke without a care in the world.

She was within sight of the terminal, and a check of her _Cartier_ watch
showed that the next ferry left in two minutes when she felt a discreet tap on
her shoulder, and turned round to see a young man moving his lips close to her
ear.

"Excuse me," he said, shyly. "I hope you don't think I'm being smart, but your
knickers are on show."

Rochelle gave a wail as she spun round. And then she realised the dreadful
truth. When checking the new skirt before leaving the shop, it had been (just)
long enough to cover her posterior. But, as tight garments do, it had tended
to mould itself to her body as she'd walked. In short, it had, in the phrase
beloved of tailors, ridden up with wear - so that despite her constant tugging
at it, the hem at the rear now sat a good two inches higher than when she had
first put It on - revealing the equivalent amount of pale-skinned buttock and
white nylon!

Looking back, she saw the two women who had been laughing. They were pointing
at her, and covering their mouths. She now knew just what it was they had been
laughing about.

Mumbling her thanks to the helpful advisor, and wishing she could control the
incendiary burning in her cheeks, she continued on her way, holding her
handbag over her rear and desperately tugging the skirt down at the front,
wishing she hadn't left her briefcase back at work!

Rochelle had worn short skirts before, but this was both the shortest and
tightest that she had ever worn. What made it worse was that, as is common
with scarce resources, there appeared to be a conflict between needs, in this
case the front and rear of her lower half.

She would tug the skirt violently down at the front, and heave a sigh of
satisfaction that everything was suitably covered - only to check her
reflection at the rear and find that far too much, including generous amounts
of panty, were on show! On pulling the skirt down at the rear, its tightness
would cause it to ride up at the front as her posterior took up the slack, and
she was still giving a generous flash of her undies, this time at the front!
It was rather like slapstick comedy, where a pair of fat men are forced to
share a tiny bed, and one will turn over and take most of the sheets with him,
leaving the other uncovered, until he, too turns over, and takes the entire
sheet back for himself. Her handbag could not cover both areas of exposure!

She had reached the steps that led down to the terminal now, and a dreadful
thought struck her. That traversing these steps in this skirt would cause it
to ride up even more. Instead of just a brief flickering of panty caused by
the rise and fall of her buttocks, she would be giving a full-on show!

Her only hope of retaining at least a modicum of dignity, she concluded, would
to be to seek out a place of privacy, and give the skirt a hard tug downwards,
hopefully stretching out its length to gain a precious extra inch or so of
cover! Sure, she'd miss the ferry, but they were along every twenty minutes
anyway, and it wasn't as if she were in a hurry!

The only establishment left between her and the steps was a somewhat swish-
looking coffee shop, resplendent in purple, white and yellow awnings, which
advertised itself as _Lucille's_. The door was recessed, and Rochelle felt
that with any luck the shade would provide her at least some symbolic cover
for yet another adjustment session to her clothing.

In the near-darkness of the coffee-shop's entrance, she tugged at the skirt
from various angles. Once she thought she had, at last, reached a reasonable
compromise, only to walk a few steps and feel the skirt again shoot up
waistwards, rorcing her to scuttle back to her original starting-point, her
handbag again strategically placed. Really, she cursed, whoever had designed
this thing must have been anorexic!

Where she was, she realised, was far too public for modesty. She was
constantly interrupted in her activities, by patrons either leaving or
entering the bistro, all of which gave her amused glances or made smart
remarks, depending on their gender. Eventually, from sheer desperation, she
entered the establishment and scuttled to a table in the darkest corner,
hoping at least to cool her blushes in the air conditioning and gain a few
minutes away from public view while she worked out what to do next.

She sat at the table and the skirt pulled right up, so that even looking down
she could easily see her crotch. She began another session of tugging and
pulling, which was interrupted by a discreet cough.

Looking up she saw the waiter looking at her with an amused grin on his face.

“I’m terribly sorry!” Rochelle began, as usual collapsing into babbling
apologies. “It’s my skirt… it’s… it’s too tight, and too short. No matter what
I do I just can’t stop it riding up. It really is terribly embarrassing. I
keep on pulling it down, but it doesn’t want to stay, it just works up again…”

The waiter was most sympathetic, and it somehow made it a little better that
(as she could tell by his voice, and the strategically worn ear-ring), he was
quite obviously gay. She ordered a _latte_, shifted her handbag onto her lap,
and settled down to wait for her order, racking her brains for a way out of
her current humiliation.

And, somewhat surprisingly, a solution did in fact arrive.

Rochelle's coffee was brought to the table by a buxom middle aged woman who
was obviously the manageress, and who introduced herself as Colleen.

“Edwin tells me you’re, erm, having some difficulties with your skirt,” she
whispered, discreetly.

Rochelle’s blush, which had only just began to die down in the coolness of the
air-conditioning, returned with renewed force. She hadn’t expected that damn
waiter to broadcast the fact to the rest of the staff!

It soon transpired, however, that far from being unchivalrous, Edwin was in
fact trying desperately to act in her best interest. He had, it appeared,
discretely passed on the details of Rochelle’s predicament to Colleen, in the
hope that she, as a woman, could find a solution.

“If we can get you to the kitchens, out the back,” Colleen continued, “You
might have a little more privacy. Perhaps we might be able to work something
out for you.”

Although more embarrassed than ever (Colleen would probably think her so
incredibly stupid for even going out of her house in so tight a skirt),
Rochelle was extremely grateful, and with her handbag held in front in a way
that was now depressingly familiar, and with Colleen bringing up the rear to
hide the embarrassing exposure at the back, Rochelle made her way into the
kitchen.

In the harsh lights of the kitchen, her exposure was even more obvious.
Colleen took her into a corner, away from the hustle and bustle and bent down,
looking at the hem from all angles. She hissed through her teeth. “It’s going
to be difficult,” she said. She tugged at Rochelle’s hem, and the skirt, which
was becoming used to countering this move, immediately shot straight up again.

“It’s so good of you to help me like this.” Rochelle said, her voice tiny with
embarrassment.

“What a pity your top isn’t a bit longer,” Colleen continued. “You could have
pulled it down at the back and it

might have hidden things. Of course it would look from the rear as if you
didn’t have a skirt on at all, but at least you could have hidden your
knickers.”

She turned her head this way and that. “And I can’t see how pulling the waist
down will help much, even though it might make it a bit longer. It’ll bunch
round your bottom then.”

Rochelle was still extremely grateful for Colleen’s help, but was wishing that
she would not go into quite so much humiliating _detail_!

“Normally of course, I could lend you one of the waitresses’ skirts.” Colleen
went on, “But-” Then she stopped and hastily changed the subject. It was
obvious that here, Rochelle had the same problem as with the boutique, simply
that her hips were wider than the young things that were all around her.
“Well, we’ll keep trying.” She added brightly, sympathetically ignoring
Rochelle’s blush.

And, to her credit, Colleen did, indeed, try everything. A hard yank down on
the hem, with Rochelle holding onto the waist. Swivelling the skirt so that
Rochelle was wearing it backwards, then sideways. Suggesting that Rochelle
haul up her panties into what was virtually wedgie territory , and then
yanking the skirt down hard. And then, various combinations of all of these
measures.

“I'm sorry, dear,” she said, at last, in a disappointed voice. “I've tried
absolutely everything.”

“Well, thank you for trying,” Rochelle replied, desperately trying to hold
back tears.

“At least finish your coffee out here,” Colleen finished. “It'll save you, er,
exposing yourself to the people outside.”

It was a suggestion to which Rochelle readily agreed.

As she was finishing her second cup (both of which, thanks to the sympathetic
Colleen, were supplied on the house) a young woman entered from the back door
of the kitchen, presumably having just began her shift, and smiled at Rochelle
as she passed.

“Hey, cool skirt!” she said.

Rochelle had very little faith in her own fighting prowess, but at that moment
had been pushed to the limit, so much so that she was within a nanosecond of
jumping up and clawing out the newcomer’s eyes. However, it soon flashed upon
her that the newcomer was not intending to be sarcastic, and as the girl
continued speaking this realisation was quickly confirmed.

“I wish we were allowed to wear stuff like that, instead of these frumpy old
things,” the newcomer said, indicating the long black skirt she was wearing.

Just as she said that, Colleen entered, carrying a tray full of empty cups.

“Good grief, Nicole,” she expostulated. “Say that again!”

“I was just saying,” the waitress repeated, “That I wish you'd let us wear
cool skirts like the one this lady's got on, instead of these daggy old
things.”

Rochelle was envious of Nicole for two reasons. The first was, of course,
having a skirt that covered her unmentionables. The second was her having a
boss that one could talk back to, without fear of reprisals. Why, there was no
way she'd have dared to be cheeky like that to Mr Branigan, she reflected. And
she was an Assistant Marketing Director!

“You know, Nicole,” laughed Colleen. “You just might have solved a most
pressing problem. I don't think it would do you any harm to wear a trendy pink
skirt - just for one shift.”

A few minutes explanation soon wiped the look of puzzlement from the girl’s
face, and indeed the course of action that Colleen proposed seemed to have a
great deal to recommend it! It was, of course, that Nicole and Rochelle should
exchange skirts, and as the young girl’s hips and thighs were significantly
slimmer than Rochelle’s the pink skirt would fit her without causing her any
embarrassment. Rochelle would gain a long skirt, the better to cover her
underwear, while Nicole would gain a trendy new garment worth far more than
the cheap black affair she was currently wearing, and would have the added
bonus of being able, just for once, to dress trendily at work.

Nicole and Rochelle retired to the staff wash rooms to exchange skirts, and
although Rochelle was forced to go through the whole embarrassing story yet
again, she at least emerged from the toilet with some confidence about the
rest of the day. After a third coffee (which she insisted on paying for this
time), Rochelle set off towards the river.

She began the short walk to the ferry terminal with a lighter heart than she
had had since the beginning of the day, when her hosiery had first began to
give trouble. But by the time she reached the flight of steps that led down to
the boarding area, she soon realised that she had merely exchanged one problem
for another.

For the skirt, while generous enough of length, had been designed for the
waif-like figure of Nicole rather thanRochelle’s slim, but slightly hippy
body. It had already rucked up around her stomach, and her brisk walk meant
that she was experiencing extreme difficulty in breathing. So tight was the
skirt that, as she saw when she craned her neck for a quick check of her rear,
the curve of her buttocks were sharply defined - not to mention an extremely
obvious panty-line! Already, people were staring at her as she passed. And,
like its predecessor, the skirt seemed to be becoming even tighter.

_Honestly, _she moaned under her breath. _It’s as if fate were determined to
embarrass me!_

Whatever her faults, no-one could call Rochelle a quitter, and she gamely
struggled on, her head held high in a display of haughty arrogance that was
only destroyed by her bright crimson blush. But at last she was at the landing
stage, and the ferry was waiting.

The side of the craft was lined with rubber tyres, put there for protection in
the event of it coming hard against the wall near which it was moored. This
meant that it was boarded by stepping across a short gap, between the end of
the jetty and the side of the boat, a short step of no more than two feet.

It was here that Rochelle encountered her next difficulty. For though the
distance was short enough for a

normally-clad person, a woman in a tight, leg-hugging pencil skirt cannot
tackle the task with the same degree of ease. The queue stacked up steadily
behind her as Rochelle, her blush now reaching supersonic proportions, tried
every which way to board the ferry.

“Wouldn’t you think the stupid bitch’d wear something looser,” came a voice
from behind her, which she

knew she was meant to hear. The ferry pilot was ostentatiously looking at his
watch and mumbling something about schedules.

“I’m terribly sorry about this,” moaned Rochelle, almost sobbing. “My skirt…”

“Yes. I see,” the ferryman replied, crisply.

Rochelle tried everything. She lifted up the skirt as far as it would go
(which wasn’t very, due to its tightness,) but still could not spread her legs
wide enough to make the leap. She tried moving sideways, backwards, and even
crouching, but all to no avail. By now, the amusement of the other passengers
was fast turning to irritation as they impatiently waited their turn to board.
Rochelle was almost as angry as she was embarrassed. Hadn’t _they _ever had
difficulties with their clothing?

Eventually the problem was solved by two stalwart young bucks, who bodily
lifted Rochelle up and carried her onto the boat. By now, had the boat lost
its port light, it would not have mattered. Her face would have provided a
more than adequate substitute!

Rochelle spent the short trip over the river sitting as far as possible from
the other passengers, fighting desperately to control her blush. By the time
the boat reached the the stop closest to her workplace, her face had subsided
to a gentle pinkish-red.

When the boat docked, Rochelle waited until everyone else had left, before
attempting to disembark. She had no intention of going through _that
_mortifying procedure in front of an audience! Only the ferryman, and a
youngish girl who though short, was lithe, and had (despite her severe
business suit) the look of an athlete, were left.

Rochelle noted with relief that the gap here was narrower than on the other
side of the river, as the jetty was narrower and could fit between the two
rubber rings that flanked the exit door. She walked across it, her

confidence returning.

Unfortunately, the boat chose to violently rock at this moment, so that
Rochelle was sent sprawling sideways. Frantically she grabbed at the gunwales
of the ferry, missed, and fell in a sprawling heap onto the ground. The
ominous sound of ripping came from behind her.

Hastily the ferryman and the other girl rushed to her aid, and fortunately
Rochelle had injured nothing save what remained of her dignity. But when she
stood, and examined the damage to her rear, her blush again went into
supersonic mode! The skirt had split violently, leaving a large rent through
which her panty and buttocks were clearly visible.

This was the absolute final straw! Rochelle's lips began to tremble!

“Never mind.” Said the girl who had come to her aid. “I’m sure it happens to
everyone at some stage.”

Rochelle fought desperately to avoid bursting into tears. She wondered if it
were possible to actually die of

embarrassment!

“Look, don’t worry,” the girl continued. “Look, I went to the gym today, and I
spilt some rubbing oil on my

gym pants.”

“You think that’s bad?” wailed Rochelle. “Look at me. Making a total
exhibition of myself getting on, and

now this! I wished all I’d done was to spill some - ”

“But you don’t understand,” the girl continued, patiently. “I was going to
junk the pants and buy a new pair.

But you might as well have them.”

She looked Rochelle up and down. “They’re the stretch type, one size fits all,
so it doesn’t matter that you’re - ” she stopped, suddenly.

“Taller than me,” she finished diplomatically.

Feeling rather churlish for her abuse of the girl, Rochelle thanked her
profusely, and retired to the covered part of the ferry, to give her some
privacy from any gawkers from the shore, while the girl rummaged in her bag
for the gym pants. While it would be embarrassing to walk through the streets
to the cab rank in oil-stained pants, compared to the embarrassment that
Rochelle had already experienced, that would be a picnic! She struggled out of
the borrowed skirt, and tossed it over the side, glad to see the end of it!

“Here you go!” the girl said, tossing the pants to Rochelle.

Rochelle reached out to grab the flying pants. But her atrocious luck was
still holding. As she reached out to take them, up blew a freak gust of wind!

As has been mentioned in these chronicles, Rochelle was far from athletic. But
her desperation gave wings to her reflexes. In the split second that it took
for the wind to catch the pants, Rochelle realised that they were her last
chance of getting home with only minimum embarrassment, and before she knew
what she was doing her hand had reached out for them, snatching wildly. She
managed to grasp them, but in doing so overbalanced and slid over the side of
the rail. Her hand grabbed wildly for the side. Too late! She saw the river
rushing up to meet her!

And then, there was an almighty splash, and she felt the breath knocked out of
her.

It is said that when drowning, one's life flashes before one's eyes. All
Rochelle could see was the inky blackness under the surface of the Eden river,
and a desperate feeling of suffocation as she fought not to breathe in the
water.

It struck her that to drown right now was the final irony. Only she could end
up in a watery grave just because her pantyhose didn't fit! Part of her
wondered, too, just how much it really mattered.

_So, what am I really losing,_ she thought. _ What am I, really, when it comes
down to it? A klutzy girl, with ridiculous skinny legs and even more
ridiculous boobs. A girl who can't get a boyfriend, can't stand up to herself,
can't even get through a day without making a fool of herself. Who can't even
keep her bra straps or her pantyhose where they should be. Who can't even walk
down the stairs in her own house without falling on her ass!_

_Perhaps, after all, this is a mercy, _she concluded, as a small stream of
bubbles wended their way upwards from her mouth.

_But, today,_ said a voice, coming from some unknown source deep inside her
mind, some submerged resilient animus whose existence she had never suspected,
_is _always _the first day - of the rest of your life! _

And somehow, with no conscious volition, no further internal discussion, not
even any thought for the future, Rochelle Kaitlyn Heath made a decision.

_ _

_This doesn't end..._

_ _

She kicked her legs, flailed her arms, exerting all her feeble strength

_ _

_Not here..._

_ _

She battled her slow way upwards, seeking the dim light filtering through the
surface tension of the river

_ _

_Not now!_

_ _

A malevolent Fate could do many things to Rochelle. It could give her an
inferiority complex, a tendency to blush, legs that were too skinny, boobs
that were to large. It could conspire to keep her apart from the (thus far,
unmet) man of her dreams. It could make her pantyhose creep down, her bra
straps slip off, her skirt ride up, all at the most awkward possible moment.
It could ensure that she lurched from embarrassment to embarrassment, failure
to failure, humiliation to humiliation. It could take her on a peaceful walk
across town, and dump her in a filthy, weed-choked river.

_ _

But, at that very moment, it was powerless to prevent her choosing life.

Rochelle's arms felt numb, her legs felt like lead, her (imitation) _Jimmy
Choo_ shoes were lost somewhere at the bottom of the river. Her hairbow had
come adrift, and her hair was plastered across her face. She was filthy with
river-weed, clad only in a soaked bra, crop-top and panties. But as she broke
surface, she saw that a youngish man and girl, paddling a dinghy along the
river, had ceased going nowhere in particular, reversed direction, and made
their way to where the had seen her go under, thus being on hand to haul her
upwards, spluttering and flailing, into their craft.

She gabbled out grateful, breathless thanks as the girl from the ferry, whose
name she never learned, tossed her handbag across, landing it with perfect
line and length in the middle of the dinghy.

And then, she heard the sound of massed laughter, as a passing riverboat
packed full of Japanese tourists, passed by, every one of them frantically
snapping with their cameras and mobile phones.

“Could things possibly get any worse?” she wondered.

And Fate immediately answered this last question, as a society photographer
captured the event from the deck of a passing motorboat.

***** 

“ ...Jacob and Rebekah, their names were,” Rochelle finished, drawing the
blanket more tightly around herself. “On their honeymoon from New Zealand.
Loveliest couple you could ever hope to meet. Mind you, I wouldn't have minded
if they'd been the rudest, most sour-faced pair of bitches I'd ever met. They
saved my life, Suzie. There's no way I could have stayed afloat any longer.
And there was no way anyone from the ferry could have got to me before I went
under again. I even got my handbag back, that's how I was able to ring you.”

“So here you are,” laughed Suzie. “Good thing they happened by. Must have been
your lucky day.”

“Lucky day?!!!” shrieked Rochelle. “Suzie Callaghan, haven't you been
listening to a word I've been saying. I fell on my ass down the stairs before
I could even get out of the house. I've been half-strangled by my own
pantyhose, been treated like... like a girl Friday... by my boss. I've been
menaced by little hoons, had my designer dress stolen, insulted by some
moronic shop assistant, flashed my underwear to half of Edenglassie City, made
a total clown of myself getting on to a ferry, dumped in the river and nearly
drowned, and the whole event was captured on film. It'll probably be all over
the internet by now, not to mention the society pages. Lucky day? Lucky
day?!!! Well, all I can say is, I hope I never experience my second most lucky
day! Honestly, sometimes I feel I might as well just...

_I'm so glad you didn't drown,_ Roche, said Suzie to herself, as Rochelle's
tirade washed over her. _I'd have missed you so much. If only for the
entertainment value! _

_~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~_

# The First Day of the Rest...

“  
  
---  
  
TODAY,” said the slim, dark-haired girl, smiling at her own reflection, “Is
the first day of the rest of my life!”

She pivoted in front of the full-length mirror, craning her neck to check
herself from every angle, appreciating the fit and cut of her new, fawn-
coloured dress. The mirror - given her undoubted, and all-encompassing vanity
- was as vital an adjunct to her life as a weapon is to a warrior, a bat to a
cricketer, a horse and six-shooter to a cowboy. It was her reassuring friend,
her anchor, her drug.

“The first day,” she repeated, “of the rest of my life. It doesn't matter
what's gone before. From this day, my life changes. Today, I will be
confident, sensible, in-control. Today, I will stand up to those that try to
bully and belittle me. Even that horrible Joanne and that dreadful Helene. I
will arrive at work on time, and perform it efficiently and with flair. I will
remain calm in traffic jams, and cool when under pressure.”

She smoothed her immaculately manicured hands down along her hips, determined
to remove even the slightest of wrinkles or ridges from the synthetic material
of the dress.

“On Friday, I will have enough left over from my salary to pay Suzie my share
of the rent. I will pay off my credit cards, up to the hilt. My clothes will
fit and behave perfectly. Today, nothing will slip down, or ride up, or come
undone. My lipstick will not smudge, and my make up will not cake. My voice
will stay calm and pleasantly modulated.”

She reached her hands behind her, and gave a series of sharp tugs to the
elaborate bow, in almost the same colour as the suit, that was looped around
her ponytail. She regarded this way of dressing her hair as her especial
trademark, and barely regretted the constant attention required to keep it
sitting perfectly.

“I will be confident in my dealings with others. Soon - very soon - there will
be that special man in my life, and I will no longer be alone. Today, no
matter what happens... I will _not_ blush!”

She could not resist another look into the mirror. What she saw there varied
with her mood. At times, a gorgeous, seductive goddess stared back at her, at
others a grotesque, shrinking failure. The mirror, possessing no magical
properties, could not be blamed for this. It simply reflected back what was
presented to it. A slim, pale-skinned girl in her mid twenties, of slightly
above average height, with large, deep, green eyes, generous lips, straight
brunette hair. Hips slightly wider than perfection demanded, good thighs,
tapering down to thin calves which combined with her large, protuberant,
rounded breasts to give her a slightly top-heavy appearance.

“I am Rochelle Kaitlyn Heath,” she finished. She gave a series of tugs and
pats to the hips of the dress. “I am a _success_!”

The sound of the clock striking eight broke into her affirmations. Panic
rising in her throat, she snatched up her briefcase and handbag from the chair
in the corner of the room, and scurried for the stairs. Half way between
floors, her left shoe flew off, and, her co-ordination having let her down
again, she skittered and slid, bumping down the stairs on her _derriere_, her
dress rucking up from its original mid-thigh length to somewhere around her
hips, revealing the gusset oh her off-black pantyhose, under which sat a pair
of white, high-waisted panties.

“As graceful as ever,” came a voice from the bedroom opposite Rochelle's. A
tousled, blonde head peeped out, bearing an affectionately amused expression.
“You know, Roche, stairs usually work better if you stay upright.”

“I slipped,” replied Rochelle, frantically yanking at the hem of her dress.
She could feel herself blushing. So much for her morning affirmations, she
thought. Already at least half of them had down the chute as quickly as she'd
gone down the stairs, and she hadn't even got out of the front door yet.

“Seriously, I thought we had a rogue elephant in the house,” the blonde
giggled, emerging into view and coming (in a more conventional manner) down
the stairs. She stooped to scoop Rochelle's possessions back into the handbag,
the clasp of which had sprung open when she'd fallen. The fact that the items
spilled included a pack of tampons and a spare pair of panties (in a fetching
pale green) did not serve to cool Rochelle's blush.

Said blush, in fact, was the bane (or, at least, one of the banes) of
Rochelle's life. At the mildest trace of embarrassment, the merest hint of a
sexual innuendo, the mildest accidental immodesty - Rochelle's face would turn
a deep reddish pink, despite her frantic efforts to control it.

“Don't forget, rent the day after tomorrow,” continued the blonde, helping
Rochelle to her feet. “I can't carry you again this time. I still owe on my
car payment. A teacher's pay goes nowhere.”

“Suzie Callaghan, I resent the implication,” snapped Rochelle, resettling the
entropic damage to the fit of her dress with a further series of yanks and
tugs, “that me being late last month is a constant. Let me assure you - ”

“_And_ last month, and the month before,” laughed Suzie. “It's cool Roche. I
know a _fashionista_ like you has other drains on her purse.”

Though not exactly sure what a _fashionista_ might be (one of the problems of
sharing accommodation with a schoolteacher was that one's vocabulary was never
quite up to the job) Rochelle decided to take it, from the context in which it
had been used, as a compliment. In any case, asserting herself from a position
of ridicule was definitely not Rochelle's strong point. And having revealed
one's panties (in fact, two sets) to one's housemate before one has even
started one's journey from work definitely qualified as such.

There were many things, Rochelle mused, that she envied about Suzie, who she
had met during her first year after graduation, and with whom she had been
sharing the rental house for three years. Her practicality, her confidence,
her competence as a schoolteacher (not that Rochelle would have swapped jobs
in a fit. Adolescent children were one of the many things that scared her),
her ability to attract boyfriends, and, most of all, the way she took life in
her stride, brushing off problems – problems that would have reduced Rochelle
to a screaming fit - with a joke and a twinkling of her cornflower-blue eyes.

Today, though, there was a definite focus for that envy. Suzie was still
wearing her crumpled nightgown, suggesting it was yet another student-free
day. A day in bed, reading magazines (or, knowing Suzie, Shakespeare),
listening to music, gossiping with friends on the phone. Rather than having to
battle through traffic, rush to meet deadlines, be bullied by Joanne and
Helene, have to fret about one's bra-straps slipping at awkward moments, or
one's slip showing, or -

_Stop that, Rochelle, stop that_, she admonished herself. _Today, remember, is
the first day of the rest of your life._

As she sprinted for her car, a bronze-coloured Honda, with a shouted “see you
at teatime,” the illogicalities of that well-meaning statement did not occur
to her. That, indeed, every day was the first of the rest of your life. But
that this rarely made any difference!

***** 

_(Two hours later)_

“Honestly, Rochelle, you look like a drowned rat!”

Rochelle continued to wring out her hair, dumping her sodden hair-ribbon on
the car seat behind her. She had to admit, Suzie did have a point.

“You're just not safe out alone, are you?” the blonde continued, desperately
trying to repress laughter. “Talk about a one-girl disaster area.”

“Don't mock, Suzie,” sobbed Rochelle, huddling in the blanket that Suzie had
thoughtfully provided. “I'm soaking wet, and I feel an utter fool.”

“You've been gone two hours, and already you're in a mess. Honestly, Roche, it
hasn't rained for weeks! Only you could get soaking wet in the middle of a
drought! And you dragged me away from a cool, air-conditioned bedroom, too.”
Suzie flicked the indicator, and merged onto the main highway. “So what
happened? You slipped and fell in the river? Couldn't get your make-up right,
and dived off the Empress Victoria Bridge in despair? Fell down a drain? Took
a shower and forgot to take your clothes off?”

“My pantyhose were sagging,” replied Rochelle, in a small, embarrassed voice.

“_What_?!! But how - ”

“It's a long story.”

***** 

Any observer who had seen Rochelle emerging from her car and striding, on
tapping heels to the lift that morning, chatting enthusiastically with one of
her colleagues, would have concluded that she was happy, comfortable and at
peace with the world. After all, why wouldn't they? To all appearances she was
a rising and competent young executive, with her brown hair elaborately tied
in a soft fawn bow, and attractively dressed in a well-fitting dress, sheer
off-black hosiery and black, high-heeled shoes. The only possible conclusion
would have been that here was a true high-flier, a successful, thrusting,
dynamic go-getter, on top of the world, totally in control of every situation.

But appearances can be deceptive!

To put it bluntly, Rochelle may well have been a rising young executive, but
she was far from happy, far from comfortable, and a long way from being at
peace with the world.

And it was all the fault of her pantyhose.

Her thin calves and proportionally wide hips meant that Rochelle was rarely
able to buy pantyhose that fitted her perfectly, and when her crotch wasn't
drooping the hose often bagged into embarrassing folds around her instep.
Rochelle could frequently be seen trying to hitch unobtrusively at something
around her hips – which didn't mean she was wearing a too-tight girdle. It
meant that she was having hosiery trouble again. She knew pantyhose came in
tall sizes, but that did her little good. She was still always having to
hitch!

At one minute to eight, while she had been primping in front of the mirror,
they had been tight, well-fitting and perfectly in place. Her precipitous
descent of the stairs, however, had already revealed flaws in any hopes she
might have had that they would stay that way throughout the day. Sitting in
the car for the half-hour drive to work had produced further nylonic entropy,
so that by the time she had nosed the vehicle into her reserved space and
emerged from the door, the gusset was already sitting at least an inch below
the position required for true comfort, and she could feel them sneaking
steadily further downwards as she walked. Her confident stride was a facade,
adopted for the benefit of Helene, one of the most efficient and intimidating
of Rochelle's work colleagues, known for her short temper, impatience with
failure and acid remarks.

Helene was not Rochelle's supervisor - in fact, officially at least, they were
equal in seniority - but in what can be best described as psychological
dominance, was very much her superior. If Helene was an alpha-female, Rochelle
was very much an omega, and knew it. Even when Helene was not setting out to
be sarcastic or cutting, Rochelle always felt herself intimidated by her. When
Helene chose to assert her dominance, Rochelle always felt herself shrinking
inside, reduced to a trembling, frightened, blushing little girl.

Even to a neutral observer, Rochelle would have kept her hosiery issue a
secret. Her almost pathological shyness, her fear of looking ridiculous, her
propensity to blush, would have seen to that. The act of hitching up sagging
pantyhose is undignified at the best of times, forcing the victim to adopt a
knees-bent crouch that looks utterly ridiculous, and in front of someone just
waiting to pounce on any weakness was even less to be countenanced. Given that
rarely a day or so when by without some article or other of her attire
misbehaving, Rochelle was well aware that she was the office joke. There was
no way - absolutely no way - that she was going to admit to Helene that her
pantyhose were slipping down, thus giving her further ammunition for mockery
and scorn. And as for adjusting them - Rochelle would rather have walked
barefoot over burning coals!

So she did her best to ignore the binding web of nylon, stretching from one
upper-thigh to another, as she forced a smile onto her face and chatted with
Helene, doing her best to match her colleague's express-train stride, despite
the handicap.

“Yeah, so we finished up at eight, and we sorted everything out, I think,”
Helene was saying. “Are you all right there? You look like you're about to
fall over. Heels too high, are they?” Helene's heels were at least an inch
higher than Rochelle's, her pale mauve business suit fitted perfectly, her
hair and make up were, as usual, immaculate.

Rochelle blushed, and made some non-committal remark about a patch of grease
on the car park floor.

While Helene stabbed the button to call the lift, and prattled on about
company affairs, Rochelle rapidly ran through the situation in her mind. If
only Helene's car hadn't drawn up at that precise moment, she'd have had the
lift to herself, and gone through the ridiculous-looking procedure of hoisting
up her errant hosiery in perfect privacy. But now, here she was, with what
seemed like an artificial penis of nylon at her gusset, and the feeling of
bunched hosiery gathering around her upper thighs. She sighed. It was always
something!

_Only Helene would come to work already having been to an hour long meeting_,
she thought. _Damnit, if she hadn't been here, I would have been fine. Now
I've got to walk all across the office floor to my cubicle, with the stupid
things creeping further South every second. I'm not even sure if I'm going to
get that far, before the blasted crotch is around my knees! _An exaggeration,
of course, though given the extreme discomfort in which Rochelle found
herself, perhaps understandable.

She ran through various schemes in her head, as Helene droned on. Could she
maybe hold her briefcase in a strategic place, and give the waistband of the
hose a discreet hitch? No, that would never work. Helene was so observant, she
could have given Sherlock Holmes a run for his money. Even if she didn't
remark on it, it would soon be all around the office that Rochelle was having
hose problems yet again.

Could she, then, suddenly “remember” she had business on another floor, dart
out of the lift, and seek out a wash room? The problem was, her company,
Harcourt's HardDrives, (_High class computer parts. Reliability is our
watchword_) leased floors 7 to 12 of the building. And Rochelle and Helene
both worked on 7. Even had she not been distracted by her plunging nether
garments, Rochelle's imagination was not quite up to the task of fabricating a
plausible reason why she had to visit Allstar Publishing, Lesley's
Pharmaceutical Importers, or Cutie-Pie Baby Goods!

Perhaps, she thought, she could distract her colleague by pointing upwards,
and giving the falling hose a rapid hitch in the brief window of opportunity
that occurred while Helene was looking elsewhere. Claim to be itchy, and
pretend to be scratching. Rearrange the position of her handbag while holding
on to the waist of the pantyhose. She dismissed each idea that came to mind,
as being even more ridiculous (and unlikely to succeed) than the last.

And meanwhile, as the lift rode up, the pantyhose rode steadily down! The trip
from the basement car park to the seventh floor seemed to last several
eternities. And by the time the lift disgorged its occupants, Rochelle felt
lucky to be able to walk without the hose binding her knees together!

This, however, was not the end of her problems. As soon as she emerged from
the lift, Jarrod, one of the clerical staff, collared her with a lament about
the fact that the photocopier had jammed yet again. It would, Rochelle
thought, have been less time-consuming for him to have informed her when it
wasn't! The copier, in fact, was as about as reliable as her pantyhose!

After placating him with an assurance that she would tackle the problem as
soon as she dumped her things in her cubicle (by which time the hose were four
inches below their intended position), she then had to pass and greet a small
knot of staff from the Publicity section, among them Joanne, her particular
nemesis. If Helene was merely curt and impatient, Joanne, a petite, grey-eyed
blonde with a doll-like face, was positively bitchy. If Helene's constant
criticisms of Rochelle were borne out of genuine frustration, Joanne's were
delivered with an unholy glee, a sadistic pleasure in humiliating a natural
victim.

“Morning, Rochelle,” sang out Joanne, in mock friendliness. “Everything secure
in the strap department today?” - a reference to the day before, when Rochelle
had had to spend the whole day replacing the straps of her bra, including
throughout an embarrassing hour-long presentation. A more confident girl might
have called Joanne to task for her bitchiness, but Rochelle, scared of
conflict either physical or verbal (and she knew damn well Joanne could beat
her at both) mumbled a non-committal answer, though the fact that she blushed
a deep red made it publicly obvious that the elven-blonde's shaft had struck
home!

_Honestly, why does she always have to set out to humiliate me,_ Rochelle
fumed, reaching (at last) the safety of her cubicle and angrily flinging down
her briefcase and handbag. _How would _she_ like it if _her_ bra straps
started arcing up at the most awkward moment possible. _ She sighed. Joanne's
clothes never did. And even if they had, Joanne would have carried off the
situation with a confidence and _insouciance_ to which Rochelle could never
even think of aspiring. Other women seemed to live in a mortification-free
zone. It was as if Rochelle had cornered the market!

_I mean, did she have to blurt it out in front of all the guys, too? I mean,
Ryan was there, and everything! _ Rochelle had high hopes of Ryan Blackie, one
of the junior staff from Publicity. Though the youth was six years younger
than her and suffered from mild acne and slightly protruding teeth, he was on
her list of possibles.

Usually, if Rochelle set her romantic sights on any of her colleagues, some
other more confident woman (frequently Joanne, who was man crazy) would move
in and snatch him from under her nose! But Joanne would hardly date someone so
much younger than herself, and whom she supervised into the bargain. In her
deepest heart, Rochelle knew that her lack of confidence, her constant failure
to maintain neatness of appearance and her propensity to collapse into a
blushing, rambling heap whenever she had occasion to speak to Ryan meant that
nothing would ever come of it. But a girl, especially one who had dated,
perhaps, four men in her entire life, had to have something to hang on to!

_I mean, it wouldn't have hurt her to give me a break,_ she muttered to
herself, gripping the waist of her pantyhose and, with the attendant crouching
and wriggling of her hips, hauling it upwards. _Oh, these damn things. I
haven't had them on an hour, and already they've stretched! I wouldn’t mind so
much if they were bargain-basement specials, but they cost a fortune!_

So stretched out were the garments, in fact, that in order to get them back
into their correct position, gusset-wise, she was forced to pull the waist up
almost to her bra. This, of course, hiked her dress up a corresponding amount,
and since it was fairly short anyway, the hem falling slightly above half-way
down her thighs, she knew that, in all possibility, her panties would be on
show had anyone been behind her. Which, thank heaven, they weren't.

_I mean, they can send movies across the internet and put satellites in
space_, she lamented. _Wouldn't you think they'd be able to make a pair of
pantyhose that stay up for five minutes at a time? It's so embarrassing having
to constantly fuss with them in front of people. Thank heaven I've finally got
a few seconds privacy to sort them out. I think I'd faint with mortification
if anyone saw me doing - _

“Rochelle?” came a male voice from behind her. “I need to - oops!”

Rochelle let out a screech, her normal breathy contralto voice rising to a
squeaky crescendo, as it normally did when she was surprised or upset. She
frantically wriggled her dress down, blushing furiously. “M-Mr Branigan,” she
gabbled. “I'm so sorry. I was just - I had to - I'm having trouble with my -
I... ”

It was typical of Rochelle that, caught in the act of pulling up her
pantyhose, she felt obliged to apologise for it! Of all the people to catch
her in the act, it would be the General Manager. This was not turning out to
be a good day.

But then, she mused, did it ever?

James Branigan stood, with his back to Rochelle, his hands clasped in front of
him, a harassed expression on his jowly features. It hadn't surprised him that
he'd caught Rochelle, the Assistant Marketing Director of the company (a
somewhat grandiose title, meaning simply that she was the supervisor of the
Sales department, for Harcourt's tended towards awarding status in lieu of
hard cash) in the middle of re-dressing herself. Had he not been so
overworked, with multile deadlines (all of which had long passed) indulging in
a _battle royale_ in his head for attention, he might have approached her
cubicle with more caution.

As it was, he'd forgotten the unwritten rule. That, to save mutual
embarrassment, it was always best to knock before entering Rochelle's cubicle.
He had long ago lost count of the number of times he'd walked in on her with
her hands up her skirt as she'd been straightening a wedgie in her panties,
untangling a bunched up slip, or performing some other form of maintenance to
her intimate apparel!

Overworked and besieged as he was, James Lancelot Branigan was no fool. He
knew that under the nervous, self-effacing shell with which her colleagues
were familiar, Rochelle was not without potential. Her diffident manner,
propensity to blushing, shyness and inability to assert herself masked many
excellent qualities. Frequently, he had turned to her when out of ideas for a
way to open up a stubborn new market, push a new marketing idea to the higher
echelons of the company hierarchy, or solve a problem that had defeated more
conventional minds.

Many times he had considered telling her just how valuable she was to the
company, that the impatience he always seemed to show in her presence was due
to external pressures and not dissatisfaction with her work. But somehow, as
he lurched from crisis to crisis, constantly three steps behind his ever
burgeoning workload, he never seemed to find the time. Thus it was that
Rochelle seemed to live in fear of him, and the right moment to dissipate her
nervousness never seemed to occur.

“May I turn around yet?” he asked, impatiently.

“S-Sorry, Mr Branigan. All sorted,” Rochelle replied, wishing that the floor
of the cubicle could, somehow, open up and engulf her. She fanned her face,
attempting to dissipate the worst of the blush that had, once again, denied
her any chance to hide or minimise her embarrassment.

“It's that presentation about the new network system,” James said. “You know,
the one for Synge Brothers, down near Milan Street station.”

“But Mr Branigan,” began Rochelle. She was experiencing all the mixed emotions
that come from a nervous employee that had previously thought they were deep
in the poo, have suddenly realised they aren't, yet may only clear themselves
by the awkward action of telling someone higher up in the chain that they have
made a mistake, “I'm not handling that. Don't you remember? Julianne's doing
the talk.”

“Yes, yes, I know.” James waved his flabby hands impatiently. He held up a CD
Rom. “And she went off without the software for the presentation. I tried
ringing the mail room, to get Lance to take it over, but he's off on a
delivery somewhere, and isn't responding to his bleeper. In fact, just about
everyone on the floor seems to be tied up, one way or another.”

As he said the words “tied up,” a slight softening spread over his features.
He recalled that that night, he was booked for an appointment with a young
lady of (it may best be described) negotiable affection, and while he was
used, in his working life, to being told he as a naughty boy (though the
Chairman usually used more formal phrases) it somehow was a whole lot more
thrilling to be told so by Mistress Marlene. He made a special effort, and
brought himself back to the business in hand.

“So I wondered if there was anyone on your staff free, to run an errand,” he
concluded.

“Shouldn't be a problem,” Rochelle replied, consulting the timetable on the
whiteboard behind her desk. She frowned. “Damn. Sam and Millie are both off
doing sales calls, Micah's on leave, and Robert called in sick.”

“What about Evie?”

“She went with Julianne to assist with the presentation.”

“Bugger!” James heaved a deep sigh. Yet another crisis demanding his
attention. To turn up without the disc vital for the presentation would
severely handicap Julianne's effort to sell to an already demanding client. It
could well make the company look foolish, and even lose the sale.

And then, suddenly a thought struck him. Normally, corporate protocol would
forbid him requesting one of his senior staff to perform a menial errand. Had
he requested Helene Francis or Joanne Selby, for example, to scuttle across
town on such a mission, he'd have been met with an indignant reminder of their
workload, and (if he was lucky) only grudging acquiescence.

On the other hand, whatever Rochelle's other shortcomings - she was willing
enough.

“Urm, Rochelle, I hate asking,” he began, “but how's your diary right now?”

***** 

Half an hour later, Rochelle strode along Milan Street, one of the city's most
crowded thoroughfares, with mixed emotions.

On the one hand, Julianne, unlike many of Rochelle's other colleagues, had
always been sympathetic to her, lending her safety pins during her frequent
underwear emergencies, or keeping watch while she performed one of the
clothing adjustments Rochelle more often than not seemed to need to perform at
some point during the day. Rochelle had been more than pleased to do her a
favour. And Julianne's relieved expression when Rochelle had discreetly
slipped her the disc, with two minutes to spare before the start of the
presentation had been reward enough. It wasn't often that Rochelle managed to
be the rescuer of someone else's embarrassing situation, and it was a heady
feeling.

Against that, her _armor propre_ had taken something of a blow. To be “asked”
(and Rochelle was not so naïve as not to realise that, however it was phrased,
a “request” from one's General Manager is anything but) to go scurrying off on
a menial errand fit for a junior was not consistent with her position. She
was, after all, Assistant Marketing Director, wasn't she? It was... it was
_demeaning_!

Of course, her course at Business College had been quite firm on the point
(and the American self-help books she devoured on a constant basis had
reinforced the idea) that a willingness to step outside one's normal routine
and show flexibility were the key to corporate success. But surely, she mused,
there was a limit!

Oh well, it was done, now. And, right at the moment, she had a more pressing
issue with which to contend!

To put it delicately, things were again not going well in the hosiery
department.

When Mr Branigan had charged her with the urgent delivery of the vital CD Rom,
he had been quite reassuring that no watertight deadline was involved. The
presentation was not due to commence for another half hour, leaving plenty of
time for Rochelle to make the quarter-hour walk through town to the
appropriate venue, hand over the CD, and make her leisurely way back. What he
had not banked on was Jarrod grabbing her, just as she was about to summon the
lift, with an urgent “Ms Heath, the photocopier's still jammed to buggery, and
there's a massive queue!”

Given the frequency with which the temperamental contrivance malfunctioned,
the staff at Harcourt's had long since rendered solving the jam problem down
to the finest of arts. Fixing it was a simple enough procedure - simply a
matter of unlocking a door which gave access to the beast's inner workings and
flicking a small switch to reverse the feed - and it had long since become
routine. It rarely took more than a few minutes.

The somewhat old-fashioned hierarchical culture at Harcourt's, however, meant
that only Department Heads and above were allowed to hold the keys, which
meant that staff at that exalted level were required before the fix that could
be carried out. Which meant, in turn, that Rochelle, as the only key-holder
available, was forced to perform the procedure.

Even for someone as clumsy as Rochelle, fixing the problem was simple enough,
and it was only a few minutes later that she shut the door with a satisfying
click, receiving the grateful thanks of Jarrod and the other staff who were
waiting to use it.

But as she straightened up, in the happy knowledge that something had, at
last, gone right, Rochelle felt the ominous loosening in her gusset that meant
her pantyhose were falling down again!

The undignified gyrations necessary to correct the problem were certainly not
feasible in front of the long queue of junior staff members assembled to use
the copier, and since the time spent fixing the device had served to evaporate
the previous time-cushion for delivering the CD, a visit to the wash room was
out of the question. She had originally planned to perform a quick adjustment
in the privacy of the lift, but (Rochelle's luck being what it was)she had not
had the device to herself during any of the three rides that she took –
downwards to the street in the Harcourt's building, upwards to the ninth floor
at the Synge HQ, and back down to the street again.

So, since she had first bent down at the copier, the rebellious hose had been
riding steadily downwards, with the result that the crotch was now three
inches below its intended position, and Rochelle realised that any further
disarrangement might well prevent her being able to move with any dignity at
all! There was only one bright spot, and this thought had sustained her while
she squirmed and fretted in the crowded lift during the downwards ride. Just
outside the station, less than a minutes walk from the Synge building, was a
public washroom. And, now that she'd discharged her mission, time was no
longer of the essence.

_Saved,_ she thought, striding down the steps into the sickly-sweet smelling
subterranean temple of comfort. _I'm going to haul these damn things up to my
neck! And then, with any luck, they'll at least stay put until morning tea
time, and I can – oops!_

The last “oops” was Rochelle's exasperated reaction when she realised that she
was not saved at all. She withdrew hastily, relief flooding her heart when she
realised that she had not been seen.

For the wash room was full of young feral girls, their ages ranging from
twelve to about fourteen, all dressed in their jet-black finery, festooned
with metal and tattoos, puffing contentedly on sticks of marijuana.

No-one who has read thus far will need reminding that Rochelle was far from
the most confident of people. Despite the tender ages of the girls, Rochelle
was under no doubt that any of them could comfortably overpower her without
even raising a sweat. To venture down into such territory, dressed in her
executive finery was, she knew, asking to be persecuted. She was forced to
beat a humiliating retreat, conscious that her rebellious hosiery was still
riding even further Southwards!

She continued walking along the street, her deep green eyes were frantically
darting around in an effort to find a place where she could put herself to
rights without an audience. _Honestly, the revolting little creatures,_ she
whined under her breath. _Gathering in swarms like that, preventing ordinary
decent people from using the facilities! They should be in school, _(the
information she had gained from Suzie that morning, that today was a student-
free day, did not spring to mind. Rochelle's internal tirades did not allow
for mitigating evidence) _or with their probation officers, or something. _

_Not that I'm scared of them, or anything. I mean, the very idea. It's just
that... that... that it could affect my reputation, mixing with such... I
mean, I'd come out with my clothes reeking of hemp. It wouldn't do for people
to think I'd become a... a drug user! _

Thus having secured the reassuring triumph of convincing herself she was not a
coward, she returned to the urgent task of finding a place of privacy where
she could decently pull up her pantyhose. A shop doorway was rejected as being
visible from the street, parked cars (she knew from bitter experience) did not
provide a secure shield, she eschewed the space between a bus shelter and the
wall of a building since she would be unable to squeeze her body into such a
narrow space, and the only other possibility, that of returning to the Synge
building and seeking out the staff facilities was by now, out of the question.
By then, the damn things would probably be round her ankles! All too late, she
cursed herself for not thinking of this ideal situation sooner.

Rochelle had just resigned herself to the mortifying fact that she would
probably have to perform the mortifying act of yanking the hose up in public
(and her blush was already rising in anticipation) when her heart gave a
little leap.

**_Fractured Heart_**

read the legend of the shop that she was currently passing.

**_Your centre for Gothic clothing supplies._**

In case the shop's title left any room for doubt, the window display - packed
with corsets, leather pants, minuscule skirts, boots festooned with buckles
and scanty tops, all of these items coloured either black, red or a deep
maroon - removed any ambiguity. Rochelle was about as unlikely to shop in such
an _outre_ establishment as she was to have taken up all-in wrestling or
shooting heroin, but nonetheless, the happy though struck her that boutiques,
by their very nature, contained a fitting-room. A place where a lady (if the
shop's traditional _clientele_ could be described thus) was free from prying
eyes.

A retreat, in short, where pantyhose could be hoisted up without
embarrassment.

Inside, the establishment was even more packed with merchandise. A faint smell
of incense, wall posters of bestial-looking transsexual rock stars, and a
counter displaying _bhangs_ (with a notice asserting “For tobacco use only” -
as if!) added to the atmosphere. It was obvious where the bestial girls
Rochelle had encountered in the wash room replenished their wardrobes! A few
adolescents of indeterminate gender were browsing the racks, bopping to the
_Depeche Mode_ track that issues from the massive speakers set along the far
wall.

Behind the counter stood a bored looking girl, her hair dyed purple, green and
pink, festooned with chains, studs and tattoos, dressed in leather pants cut
so low they barely rose above her _pubis_, and a black silk crop top from
which her breasts spilled in glorious ebullience.

“Good morning,” the girl said, politely enough, though her voice held more
than a faint hint of gravel – not to mention surprise. Rochelle guessed that
she was far from the shop's usual class of customer. “Can I help you?”

“Good morning,” Rochelle replied, feeling quite democratic that she was even
conversing with such an obvious member of the _demi-monde_. “I'd like to use
the fitting-room, please.”

"Yeah, sure." The young girl said. "What did you want to, like, try on?"

"Oh, I don't want to try anything on." Rochelle gave a shudder at the thought
of her body in the Gothic delights that were available in this particular
shrine to rebellion. "I just want to go _in _there."

The girl gave her a funny look. All too late, Rochelle realised that a better
course of action would have been to pretend to be interested in some item of
attire, which would still have given her access to the room without the need
for explanation. Oh well, too late now.

“Urm, the thing is,” she said, feeling her face colour yet again, “I'm in a
rather inconvenient predicament.”

“Inconvenient?” the girl asked, popping her gum.

“Yes. An inconvenient predicament. You see - ”

“Predicament?”

Honestly, had this creature never heard English spoken before?

“Y-Yes,” replied Rochelle, her embarrassment causing her to grope for words.
She lowered her voice to a whisper. “_I'm having trouble with my pantyhose_.”

“Your pantyhose?”

_For heavens sake,_ mused Rochelle to herself. It was like being an
anthropologist having to teach English to some lost tribe. Which, in a sense
of course, it was.

“Y_es,” _she hissed._ “You see, they've worked down, and I rather need to...
perform a rather unladylike adjustment, if you see what I mean._”

The creature craned over the counter and looked up and down Rochelle's legs,
causing the latter's blush to increase exponentially.

“They look fine to me,” the shop girl said, in the sort of voice that
suggested she was trying to be reassuringly complimentary. “No, like,
wrinkles, or anything.”

“Thank you,” Rochelle replied. “But,” she lowered her voice again. “_It's not
the legs so much as the... er... the... _” she wondered if it were possible
for a face to actually explode with blushing. “_The crotch, as it were._”

_Please, please, please make her not repeat the word “crotch” out loud, _she
implored to herself.

“Ah, I get it,” the creature replied. “The old droopy gusset, eh?”

Though thankful that the (presumably sub-normal) menial had finally
comprehended the situation, Rochelle could have wished that she hadn't
displayed her understanding in quite such a loud voice. Rochelle was sure she
heard a few subdued giggles, as the heads of other customers swivelled towards
her.

“_Would you mind keeping your voice down_?” she hissed. “_This is_
embarrassing!”

The girl at least had the grace to apologise, albeit in a somewhat perfunctory
manner, and indicated a row of curtained-off booths set along the side wall of
the shop.

_At last,_ Rochelle sighed to herself, revelling in at last finding a haven of
privacy. _ And not a second too soon!_ For the crotch of the hose was now at
least four inches below the position where it had started out that morning,
and examination revealed that she looked as if her groin was actually webbed!

She grabbed the waist of the pantyhose through the material of the dress and
hauled upwards, gyrating her hips, then repeated the procedure at the rear.
Her aim was to pull the hose up to maximum tightness by a series of yanks at
various points of its circumference, but the procedure was by no means as easy
as might be assumed. The slippery, synthetic material of her dress not only
prevented her gripping the hose underneath as tightly as she'd have liked, but
was becoming more wrinkled and creased with every move. Yet lifting up the hem
to remove the obstacle was no solution, for the dress was so tight that this
would crease it even more.

_I just can't win,_ she groaned, frustration building in her like a wave.

And then, suddenly, an idea struck her. Had she stuck to her original plan -
sneaking behind a parked car, or into a shop doorway - the idea would have
been impossible to carry out, and she would have had to regard her wrinkled
dress as collateral damage. But here, in the fitting room of a boutique (she
smiled at the thought) what was to prevent her removing the dress entirely,
sorting out her hosiery issues, and putting the dress back on? After all,
there was nothing weird about being in a fitting room in one's underwear.
That's what such places were for.

Swiftly, she shucked off her dress, picked it up from the floor and hung it
over the swing door of the fitting room. Revelling in her privacy, she tugged
up the pantyhose until they were skintight, (_They won't fall back_

_down in a hurry_, she said under her breath), smoothed them, pulled her
panties from down where they had reached during her pulling up of the hose,
re-did her hair-ribbon, tugged down her white bra (which her agitation had
caused to ride up slightly and was digging in), tightened the straps (she
didn't want a repeat of yesterday – especially since this dress was
sleeveless), then, feeling more comfortable than she had for some time, turned
and reached for her dress.

And encountered empty air!

Thinking it had simply fallen onto the floor, she looked down. But the floor,
too, was innocent of synthetic, fawn-coloured material.

Rochelle felt panic rising in her. Had the seemingly helpful (if slightly
microcephalic) shop assistant been laughing under her breath at her the whole
time? Was it a game she played, luring innocent executives into her store,
only to steal their clothes as a cruel practical joke? Even someone as
neurotic as Rochelle, however, saw the flaws in this supposition.

_No, I'm sure there's a perfectly innocent explanation,_ she told herself.
Shyly, she poked her head over the top of the door.

"Excuse me," she said, in a small voice to the girl that had shown her to the
fitting room. Unfortunately the girl was on the telephone, taking away to
someone that, judging by her giggles and the artificial sexiness of her voice
was her lover.

"Excuse me!" Rochelle said again, slightly more aggressively than she meant,
causing the other two customers in the shop to look at her. Rochelle went
several shades redder.

"Be with you in a moment," the girl replied slightly petulantly, her hand over
the mouthpiece of the phone.

"But - " Rochelle began, to no avail. The girl had returned to her
conversation.

Rochelle stamped her feet, balled her fists and punched the air in
frustration. She had already been gone longer than she should, and had been
expecting several important calls at work. Worse, if her dress could not be
found she might not get back at all.

And then, suddenly she saw it. But this discovery did little to restore her
equilibrium.

For It was leaving the shop - on the body of a woman of about her own age, who
appeared well satisfied with her purchase. Rochelle rushed out of the change
room, darted after the woman, and then pulled up short as she remembered that
she was in a shop full of teenagers, in a state of undress. Shielding her
breasts with one forearm, and her crotch with the other hand, she screamed,
and scurried back to the fitting-room, hyperventilating in panic!

Something like twenty minutes later - which time Rochelle spent crouched on
the floor of the fitting-room, fuming and sobbing - the girl finished her
call, and strolled over to stand outside.

“Was there something you wanted?” she asked.

“My dress has gone,” wailed Rochelle.

“Huh? You mean, like, the zip's broken? Hang on, I'll get you a safety pin.
I'm sure I've got - ”

“You idiotic creature. I don't mean the zip's broken. I mean my dress is
_gone_! I just saw someone walking out of the shop wearing it!”

“Oh shit,” said the girl, guiltily. “I did wonder why you suddenly, like, came
rushing out of the fitting-room in that old-fashioned underwear. Thought you
might have Tourettes, or something.

“I beg your pardon? Tourette's?”

“Yeah, you know, when you suddenly have, like, fits and stuff. I knew this
chick once, and she - ”

“I know f... I know damn well what Tourette's is. For heaven's sake, you've
sold my _dress_! What on earth possessed you to sell a garment you didn't even
- ,” suddenly, something else the girl had said filtered into Rochelle's
consciousness. “Old-fashioned underwear? How _dare_ you?”

“Well, it is kind of _Bridget Jones's Diary_, isn't it?” The girl peered over
the top of the door and looked Rochelle up and down. “You know, that book by
Helen Fielding. It's about this girl who -”

“Will you stop babbling on about exotic mental conditions and chick-lit,”
screamed Rochelle, in frustration (not to mention once again squirming in
embarrassment. Having her underwear described in such disparaging terms had
certainly not helped.) “For your information, young lady, many super-models
wear... wear panties with a slightly higher rise. It helps give a smoother
line under tighter clothing, and - anyway, that's beside the point. You've
sold a dress that didn't belong to you, and - and will you stop _staring_ at
me?”

“Sorry,” the girl said, in a voice that suggested she wasn't particularly.
“It's just it's, like, kind of unusual to see a girl with legs as skinny as
yours have such big - ”

“_Excuse_ me!”

“Yeah, sorry. And sorry about the dress, too. I did, like, wonder about it. I
mean, it's a lot more, like, retro than most of the stuff we have in here, and
it didn't have any price tag on it. I just thought it was prob'ly some new
line the manageress was trying out.”

“_Retro_?!” Rochelle's scream threatened to lift the room.

The girl made placatory downwards motions with the palms of her hands. “Calm
yourself, girly, calm yourself. I mean, anyone can make a mistake, right?”

“Where is the manageress. I demand instant restitution.”

“It's her day off.”

“What? Now, listen!” Even someone as self-effacing and shy as Rochelle had her
breaking-point, and she had just about reached it. “I'm in here in my
_underwear_, you idiotic waste of space and oxygen. Do you expect me to go
back to work like this? Well? _Do_ you?”

“Of course not, Madam,” the girl replied. She spread her hands and swivelled
her neck, as if drawing attention to the rest of the shop. “I mean - you know,
we are, like, a _boutique_!”

“Well then,” spat Rochelle. “In that case, _like_, you'd better, _like_, find
me, _like_, something to, _like_, wear, _like_, hadn't you?”

“There's no need to, like, lose your temper, girly,” the girl replied. “Like,
we'd hardly kick you out into the street in, like, June Cleaver's underwear,
would we?”

Normally, it would have been a situation in which any young girl might have
revelled. To be given free reign in a boutique, with the task of picking
anything they liked from stock, at no charge. And, under any other
circumstances, Rochelle would have been no exception.

There were, in this case, however, circumstances that mitigated against
Rochelle's enjoyment of the experience. Such as being, by now, extremely late
getting back to work. Such as having already exposed herself, in her
underwear, to a whole gaggle of feral Goths. Such as being told, quite
casually, that her breasts were, proportionally, grotesquely large for the
thickness of her legs. That her designer business dress, of which she had been
so proud, was “retro” and that her underwear even more so.

And most of all, the humiliating business of being too large for most of the
available stock!

Rochelle was by no means grotesquely overweight. In fact, for an executive in
her mid twenties, living a sedentary lifestyle, with frequent attendance at
business lunches and office parties, she was almost miraculously slim, save
for hips that were, perhaps, slightly wider than she might have liked (and, of
course, her voluptuous breasts).

_The Fractured Heart,_ however, catered for a demographic that was not only
younger but, in the main, slimmer than the voluptuous, mid-twenties executive
norm. And somewhat less modest.

To give the girl assistant her due, she tried, and tried hard, to satisfy her
unwilling customer. She strained and panted, attempting to zip Rochelle into
various items. There were some things that Rochelle could get into, but which
left so much of her exposed that she might as well have been wearing nothing
at all. Other things were of a length and cut that (just) satisfied her
standards of modesty, but which she would not have been able to get into even
had an outsize shoehorn been available.

Eventually, after a half hour's further humiliation, the girl finally managed
to find Rochelle an outfit that, if not entirely suitable for business wear,
would at least pass muster. A black stretch crop-top that made her breasts
look like two bald headed men head-banging to heavy-metal music under a
blanket, and a bright red floor length skirt in what looked like a taffeta-
type material, which, though it dug in at the waist and wrinkled at the hips
and strained at the stomach (making Rochelle look pregnant), did at least
suffer itself to be zipped up after resistance that might have done credit to
the defenders of Thermopylae. Taking Rochelle's credit card, the girl led her
to the counter, credited her the price of her original dress, debited the
price of the new skirt (the difference being minuscule) and handed her a pen
with which to sign the sales slip.

Rochelle, in her agitation, fumbled the act of taking the biro and dropped it
onto the floor. With a sigh of exasperation - would this damn situation take
_forever_ to resolve - she bent to retrieve it.

And a loud ripping sound echoed through the shop.

Rochelle's hands flew to her posterior. Once again, her face went beet red.
For, once again, she was exposing her (apparently retro) underwear to the
entire store. She scuttled back to the safety of the fitting-room, sobbing in
mortification.

After another fifteen minutes, the girl managed to come up with a shocking
pink skirt that looked, to Rochelle, more like a wide belt. Since it was at
the high end of the shop's size-range, however, once she was zipped into it,
it at least managed to cover her posterior, and (provided she remembered to
twitch down the hem after every step) had some chance of continuing to do so.

Ironically, Rochelle was force to remove the pantyhose that had got her into
the mess in the first place, for their waistband protruded above the waist of
the skirt by at least three inches. At least an inch of her panties were also
revealed, but (given that the skirt was the soul of wit for brevity) removing
those also was not something she was prepared to countenance. She compromised
by rolling the waist down, which made an unsightly bulge just below the
waistband of the skirt, but by now even Rochelle was past caring.

Once outside the shop, she pulled out her mobile and made a call to Mr
Branigan, inventing a sudden business call that she'd forgotten about (and
which, she claimed, would probably take all day), and headed towards the
river. If there was one thing that was beyond contemplation, it was returning
to work dressed like a cheap hooker - and having to explain the change in her
wardrobe to Joanne and Helene. On the other hand, her only way of getting home
- her car - was still in the underground car park.

The plan that she had conceived, while the shop girl had been valiantly
zipping up the skirt was, for Rochelle, a reasonably sound one. She would
embark on the ferry that plied its trade along the River (known, somewhat
unimaginatively as the “Eden”) that wound through the City, embarking at the
terminal just outside the building where she worked, sneak into the car park
and pick up the Honda.

_With any luck, I'll be home within an hour,_ she mused. _And hopefully,
Suzie'll still be in bed, so I can get back into my room and change without
having to give any mortifying account of what happened! _And with this
comforting thought, she set off along the street towards the ferry terminal.

She walked confidently (considering she had to remember to keep tugging the
skirt hem downwards), hoping that no-one approached her asking if she was for
sale! Behind her, she heard two women giggling over some joke. She envied
them. What it must have been like, she sighed, to be a person who didn't have
to cope with constantly sagging pantyhose, bosses that sent you on menial
errands, bullying work colleagues, cretinous shop assistants, (and, since
Rochelle's pity-parties tended to be all-encompassing once she got started),
shoes that pinched, having ridiculous skinny legs and top-heavy boobs, facing
an eight-month waiting list for the tennis club you wanted to join, having no
boyfriend when all of your friends could pick and choose between eligible
males, maxed-out credit cards, make-up that caked, hair that would never sit
quite right... ah, what it would be like, to be out shopping with a friend,
able to share some joke without a care in the world.

She was within sight of the terminal, and a check of her _Cartier_ watch
showed that the next ferry left in two minutes when she felt a discreet tap on
her shoulder, and turned round to see a young man moving his lips close to her
ear.

"Excuse me," he said, shyly. "I hope you don't think I'm being smart, but your
knickers are on show."

Rochelle gave a wail as she spun round. And then she realised the dreadful
truth. When checking the new skirt before leaving the shop, it had been (just)
long enough to cover her posterior. But, as tight garments do, it had tended
to mould itself to her body as she'd walked. In short, it had, in the phrase
beloved of tailors, ridden up with wear - so that despite her constant tugging
at it, the hem at the rear now sat a good two inches higher than when she had
first put It on - revealing the equivalent amount of pale-skinned buttock and
white nylon!

Looking back, she saw the two women who had been laughing. They were pointing
at her, and covering their mouths. She now knew just what it was they had been
laughing about.

Mumbling her thanks to the helpful advisor, and wishing she could control the
incendiary burning in her cheeks, she continued on her way, holding her
handbag over her rear and desperately tugging the skirt down at the front,
wishing she hadn't left her briefcase back at work!

Rochelle had worn short skirts before, but this was both the shortest and
tightest that she had ever worn. What made it worse was that, as is common
with scarce resources, there appeared to be a conflict between needs, in this
case the front and rear of her lower half.

She would tug the skirt violently down at the front, and heave a sigh of
satisfaction that everything was suitably covered - only to check her
reflection at the rear and find that far too much, including generous amounts
of panty, were on show! On pulling the skirt down at the rear, its tightness
would cause it to ride up at the front as her posterior took up the slack, and
she was still giving a generous flash of her undies, this time at the front!
It was rather like slapstick comedy, where a pair of fat men are forced to
share a tiny bed, and one will turn over and take most of the sheets with him,
leaving the other uncovered, until he, too turns over, and takes the entire
sheet back for himself. Her handbag could not cover both areas of exposure!

She had reached the steps that led down to the terminal now, and a dreadful
thought struck her. That traversing these steps in this skirt would cause it
to ride up even more. Instead of just a brief flickering of panty caused by
the rise and fall of her buttocks, she would be giving a full-on show!

Her only hope of retaining at least a modicum of dignity, she concluded, would
to be to seek out a place of privacy, and give the skirt a hard tug downwards,
hopefully stretching out its length to gain a precious extra inch or so of
cover! Sure, she'd miss the ferry, but they were along every twenty minutes
anyway, and it wasn't as if she were in a hurry!

The only establishment left between her and the steps was a somewhat swish-
looking coffee shop, resplendent in purple, white and yellow awnings, which
advertised itself as _Lucille's_. The door was recessed, and Rochelle felt
that with any luck the shade would provide her at least some symbolic cover
for yet another adjustment session to her clothing.

In the near-darkness of the coffee-shop's entrance, she tugged at the skirt
from various angles. Once she thought she had, at last, reached a reasonable
compromise, only to walk a few steps and feel the skirt again shoot up
waistwards, rorcing her to scuttle back to her original starting-point, her
handbag again strategically placed. Really, she cursed, whoever had designed
this thing must have been anorexic!

Where she was, she realised, was far too public for modesty. She was
constantly interrupted in her activities, by patrons either leaving or
entering the bistro, all of which gave her amused glances or made smart
remarks, depending on their gender. Eventually, from sheer desperation, she
entered the establishment and scuttled to a table in the darkest corner,
hoping at least to cool her blushes in the air conditioning and gain a few
minutes away from public view while she worked out what to do next.

She sat at the table and the skirt pulled right up, so that even looking down
she could easily see her crotch. She began another session of tugging and
pulling, which was interrupted by a discreet cough.

Looking up she saw the waiter looking at her with an amused grin on his face.

“I’m terribly sorry!” Rochelle began, as usual collapsing into babbling
apologies. “It’s my skirt… it’s… it’s too tight, and too short. No matter what
I do I just can’t stop it riding up. It really is terribly embarrassing. I
keep on pulling it down, but it doesn’t want to stay, it just works up again…”

The waiter was most sympathetic, and it somehow made it a little better that
(as she could tell by his voice, and the strategically worn ear-ring), he was
quite obviously gay. She ordered a _latte_, shifted her handbag onto her lap,
and settled down to wait for her order, racking her brains for a way out of
her current humiliation.

And, somewhat surprisingly, a solution did in fact arrive.

Rochelle's coffee was brought to the table by a buxom middle aged woman who
was obviously the manageress, and who introduced herself as Colleen.

“Edwin tells me you’re, erm, having some difficulties with your skirt,” she
whispered, discreetly.

Rochelle’s blush, which had only just began to die down in the coolness of the
air-conditioning, returned with renewed force. She hadn’t expected that damn
waiter to broadcast the fact to the rest of the staff!

It soon transpired, however, that far from being unchivalrous, Edwin was in
fact trying desperately to act in her best interest. He had, it appeared,
discretely passed on the details of Rochelle’s predicament to Colleen, in the
hope that she, as a woman, could find a solution.

“If we can get you to the kitchens, out the back,” Colleen continued, “You
might have a little more privacy. Perhaps we might be able to work something
out for you.”

Although more embarrassed than ever (Colleen would probably think her so
incredibly stupid for even going out of her house in so tight a skirt),
Rochelle was extremely grateful, and with her handbag held in front in a way
that was now depressingly familiar, and with Colleen bringing up the rear to
hide the embarrassing exposure at the back, Rochelle made her way into the
kitchen.

In the harsh lights of the kitchen, her exposure was even more obvious.
Colleen took her into a corner, away from the hustle and bustle and bent down,
looking at the hem from all angles. She hissed through her teeth. “It’s going
to be difficult,” she said. She tugged at Rochelle’s hem, and the skirt, which
was becoming used to countering this move, immediately shot straight up again.

“It’s so good of you to help me like this.” Rochelle said, her voice tiny with
embarrassment.

“What a pity your top isn’t a bit longer,” Colleen continued. “You could have
pulled it down at the back and it

might have hidden things. Of course it would look from the rear as if you
didn’t have a skirt on at all, but at least you could have hidden your
knickers.”

She turned her head this way and that. “And I can’t see how pulling the waist
down will help much, even though it might make it a bit longer. It’ll bunch
round your bottom then.”

Rochelle was still extremely grateful for Colleen’s help, but was wishing that
she would not go into quite so much humiliating _detail_!

“Normally of course, I could lend you one of the waitresses’ skirts.” Colleen
went on, “But-” Then she stopped and hastily changed the subject. It was
obvious that here, Rochelle had the same problem as with the boutique, simply
that her hips were wider than the young things that were all around her.
“Well, we’ll keep trying.” She added brightly, sympathetically ignoring
Rochelle’s blush.

And, to her credit, Colleen did, indeed, try everything. A hard yank down on
the hem, with Rochelle holding onto the waist. Swivelling the skirt so that
Rochelle was wearing it backwards, then sideways. Suggesting that Rochelle
haul up her panties into what was virtually wedgie territory , and then
yanking the skirt down hard. And then, various combinations of all of these
measures.

“I'm sorry, dear,” she said, at last, in a disappointed voice. “I've tried
absolutely everything.”

“Well, thank you for trying,” Rochelle replied, desperately trying to hold
back tears.

“At least finish your coffee out here,” Colleen finished. “It'll save you, er,
exposing yourself to the people outside.”

It was a suggestion to which Rochelle readily agreed.

As she was finishing her second cup (both of which, thanks to the sympathetic
Colleen, were supplied on the house) a young woman entered from the back door
of the kitchen, presumably having just began her shift, and smiled at Rochelle
as she passed.

“Hey, cool skirt!” she said.

Rochelle had very little faith in her own fighting prowess, but at that moment
had been pushed to the limit, so much so that she was within a nanosecond of
jumping up and clawing out the newcomer’s eyes. However, it soon flashed upon
her that the newcomer was not intending to be sarcastic, and as the girl
continued speaking this realisation was quickly confirmed.

“I wish we were allowed to wear stuff like that, instead of these frumpy old
things,” the newcomer said, indicating the long black skirt she was wearing.

Just as she said that, Colleen entered, carrying a tray full of empty cups.

“Good grief, Nicole,” she expostulated. “Say that again!”

“I was just saying,” the waitress repeated, “That I wish you'd let us wear
cool skirts like the one this lady's got on, instead of these daggy old
things.”

Rochelle was envious of Nicole for two reasons. The first was, of course,
having a skirt that covered her unmentionables. The second was her having a
boss that one could talk back to, without fear of reprisals. Why, there was no
way she'd have dared to be cheeky like that to Mr Branigan, she reflected. And
she was an Assistant Marketing Director!

“You know, Nicole,” laughed Colleen. “You just might have solved a most
pressing problem. I don't think it would do you any harm to wear a trendy pink
skirt - just for one shift.”

A few minutes explanation soon wiped the look of puzzlement from the girl’s
face, and indeed the course of action that Colleen proposed seemed to have a
great deal to recommend it! It was, of course, that Nicole and Rochelle should
exchange skirts, and as the young girl’s hips and thighs were significantly
slimmer than Rochelle’s the pink skirt would fit her without causing her any
embarrassment. Rochelle would gain a long skirt, the better to cover her
underwear, while Nicole would gain a trendy new garment worth far more than
the cheap black affair she was currently wearing, and would have the added
bonus of being able, just for once, to dress trendily at work.

Nicole and Rochelle retired to the staff wash rooms to exchange skirts, and
although Rochelle was forced to go through the whole embarrassing story yet
again, she at least emerged from the toilet with some confidence about the
rest of the day. After a third coffee (which she insisted on paying for this
time), Rochelle set off towards the river.

She began the short walk to the ferry terminal with a lighter heart than she
had had since the beginning of the day, when her hosiery had first began to
give trouble. But by the time she reached the flight of steps that led down to
the boarding area, she soon realised that she had merely exchanged one problem
for another.

For the skirt, while generous enough of length, had been designed for the
waif-like figure of Nicole rather thanRochelle’s slim, but slightly hippy
body. It had already rucked up around her stomach, and her brisk walk meant
that she was experiencing extreme difficulty in breathing. So tight was the
skirt that, as she saw when she craned her neck for a quick check of her rear,
the curve of her buttocks were sharply defined - not to mention an extremely
obvious panty-line! Already, people were staring at her as she passed. And,
like its predecessor, the skirt seemed to be becoming even tighter.

_Honestly, _she moaned under her breath. _It’s as if fate were determined to
embarrass me!_

Whatever her faults, no-one could call Rochelle a quitter, and she gamely
struggled on, her head held high in a display of haughty arrogance that was
only destroyed by her bright crimson blush. But at last she was at the landing
stage, and the ferry was waiting.

The side of the craft was lined with rubber tyres, put there for protection in
the event of it coming hard against the wall near which it was moored. This
meant that it was boarded by stepping across a short gap, between the end of
the jetty and the side of the boat, a short step of no more than two feet.

It was here that Rochelle encountered her next difficulty. For though the
distance was short enough for a

normally-clad person, a woman in a tight, leg-hugging pencil skirt cannot
tackle the task with the same degree of ease. The queue stacked up steadily
behind her as Rochelle, her blush now reaching supersonic proportions, tried
every which way to board the ferry.

“Wouldn’t you think the stupid bitch’d wear something looser,” came a voice
from behind her, which she

knew she was meant to hear. The ferry pilot was ostentatiously looking at his
watch and mumbling something about schedules.

“I’m terribly sorry about this,” moaned Rochelle, almost sobbing. “My skirt…”

“Yes. I see,” the ferryman replied, crisply.

Rochelle tried everything. She lifted up the skirt as far as it would go
(which wasn’t very, due to its tightness,) but still could not spread her legs
wide enough to make the leap. She tried moving sideways, backwards, and even
crouching, but all to no avail. By now, the amusement of the other passengers
was fast turning to irritation as they impatiently waited their turn to board.
Rochelle was almost as angry as she was embarrassed. Hadn’t _they _ever had
difficulties with their clothing?

Eventually the problem was solved by two stalwart young bucks, who bodily
lifted Rochelle up and carried her onto the boat. By now, had the boat lost
its port light, it would not have mattered. Her face would have provided a
more than adequate substitute!

Rochelle spent the short trip over the river sitting as far as possible from
the other passengers, fighting desperately to control her blush. By the time
the boat reached the the stop closest to her workplace, her face had subsided
to a gentle pinkish-red.

When the boat docked, Rochelle waited until everyone else had left, before
attempting to disembark. She had no intention of going through _that
_mortifying procedure in front of an audience! Only the ferryman, and a
youngish girl who though short, was lithe, and had (despite her severe
business suit) the look of an athlete, were left.

Rochelle noted with relief that the gap here was narrower than on the other
side of the river, as the jetty was narrower and could fit between the two
rubber rings that flanked the exit door. She walked across it, her

confidence returning.

Unfortunately, the boat chose to violently rock at this moment, so that
Rochelle was sent sprawling sideways. Frantically she grabbed at the gunwales
of the ferry, missed, and fell in a sprawling heap onto the ground. The
ominous sound of ripping came from behind her.

Hastily the ferryman and the other girl rushed to her aid, and fortunately
Rochelle had injured nothing save what remained of her dignity. But when she
stood, and examined the damage to her rear, her blush again went into
supersonic mode! The skirt had split violently, leaving a large rent through
which her panty and buttocks were clearly visible.

This was the absolute final straw! Rochelle's lips began to tremble!

“Never mind.” Said the girl who had come to her aid. “I’m sure it happens to
everyone at some stage.”

Rochelle fought desperately to avoid bursting into tears. She wondered if it
were possible to actually die of

embarrassment!

“Look, don’t worry,” the girl continued. “Look, I went to the gym today, and I
spilt some rubbing oil on my

gym pants.”

“You think that’s bad?” wailed Rochelle. “Look at me. Making a total
exhibition of myself getting on, and

now this! I wished all I’d done was to spill some - ”

“But you don’t understand,” the girl continued, patiently. “I was going to
junk the pants and buy a new pair.

But you might as well have them.”

She looked Rochelle up and down. “They’re the stretch type, one size fits all,
so it doesn’t matter that you’re - ” she stopped, suddenly.

“Taller than me,” she finished diplomatically.

Feeling rather churlish for her abuse of the girl, Rochelle thanked her
profusely, and retired to the covered part of the ferry, to give her some
privacy from any gawkers from the shore, while the girl rummaged in her bag
for the gym pants. While it would be embarrassing to walk through the streets
to the cab rank in oil-stained pants, compared to the embarrassment that
Rochelle had already experienced, that would be a picnic! She struggled out of
the borrowed skirt, and tossed it over the side, glad to see the end of it!

“Here you go!” the girl said, tossing the pants to Rochelle.

Rochelle reached out to grab the flying pants. But her atrocious luck was
still holding. As she reached out to take them, up blew a freak gust of wind!

As has been mentioned in these chronicles, Rochelle was far from athletic. But
her desperation gave wings to her reflexes. In the split second that it took
for the wind to catch the pants, Rochelle realised that they were her last
chance of getting home with only minimum embarrassment, and before she knew
what she was doing her hand had reached out for them, snatching wildly. She
managed to grasp them, but in doing so overbalanced and slid over the side of
the rail. Her hand grabbed wildly for the side. Too late! She saw the river
rushing up to meet her!

And then, there was an almighty splash, and she felt the breath knocked out of
her.

It is said that when drowning, one's life flashes before one's eyes. All
Rochelle could see was the inky blackness under the surface of the Eden river,
and a desperate feeling of suffocation as she fought not to breathe in the
water.

It struck her that to drown right now was the final irony. Only she could end
up in a watery grave just because her pantyhose didn't fit! Part of her
wondered, too, just how much it really mattered.

_So, what am I really losing,_ she thought. _ What am I, really, when it comes
down to it? A klutzy girl, with ridiculous skinny legs and even more
ridiculous boobs. A girl who can't get a boyfriend, can't stand up to herself,
can't even get through a day without making a fool of herself. Who can't even
keep her bra straps or her pantyhose where they should be. Who can't even walk
down the stairs in her own house without falling on her ass!_

_Perhaps, after all, this is a mercy, _she concluded, as a small stream of
bubbles wended their way upwards from her mouth.

_But, today,_ said a voice, coming from some unknown source deep inside her
mind, some submerged resilient animus whose existence she had never suspected,
_is _always _the first day - of the rest of your life! _

And somehow, with no conscious volition, no further internal discussion, not
even any thought for the future, Rochelle Kaitlyn Heath made a decision.

_ _

_This doesn't end..._

_ _

She kicked her legs, flailed her arms, exerting all her feeble strength

_ _

_Not here..._

_ _

She battled her slow way upwards, seeking the dim light filtering through the
surface tension of the river

_ _

_Not now!_

_ _

A malevolent Fate could do many things to Rochelle. It could give her an
inferiority complex, a tendency to blush, legs that were too skinny, boobs
that were to large. It could conspire to keep her apart from the (thus far,
unmet) man of her dreams. It could make her pantyhose creep down, her bra
straps slip off, her skirt ride up, all at the most awkward possible moment.
It could ensure that she lurched from embarrassment to embarrassment, failure
to failure, humiliation to humiliation. It could take her on a peaceful walk
across town, and dump her in a filthy, weed-choked river.

_ _

But, at that very moment, it was powerless to prevent her choosing life.

Rochelle's arms felt numb, her legs felt like lead, her (imitation) _Jimmy
Choo_ shoes were lost somewhere at the bottom of the river. Her hairbow had
come adrift, and her hair was plastered across her face. She was filthy with
river-weed, clad only in a soaked bra, crop-top and panties. But as she broke
surface, she saw that a youngish man and girl, paddling a dinghy along the
river, had ceased going nowhere in particular, reversed direction, and made
their way to where the had seen her go under, thus being on hand to haul her
upwards, spluttering and flailing, into their craft.

She gabbled out grateful, breathless thanks as the girl from the ferry, whose
name she never learned, tossed her handbag across, landing it with perfect
line and length in the middle of the dinghy.

And then, she heard the sound of massed laughter, as a passing riverboat
packed full of Japanese tourists, passed by, every one of them frantically
snapping with their cameras and mobile phones.

“Could things possibly get any worse?” she wondered.

And Fate immediately answered this last question, as a society photographer
captured the event from the deck of a passing motorboat.

***** 

“ ...Jacob and Rebekah, their names were,” Rochelle finished, drawing the
blanket more tightly around herself. “On their honeymoon from New Zealand.
Loveliest couple you could ever hope to meet. Mind you, I wouldn't have minded
if they'd been the rudest, most sour-faced pair of bitches I'd ever met. They
saved my life, Suzie. There's no way I could have stayed afloat any longer.
And there was no way anyone from the ferry could have got to me before I went
under again. I even got my handbag back, that's how I was able to ring you.”

“So here you are,” laughed Suzie. “Good thing they happened by. Must have been
your lucky day.”

“Lucky day?!!!” shrieked Rochelle. “Suzie Callaghan, haven't you been
listening to a word I've been saying. I fell on my ass down the stairs before
I could even get out of the house. I've been half-strangled by my own
pantyhose, been treated like... like a girl Friday... by my boss. I've been
menaced by little hoons, had my designer dress stolen, insulted by some
moronic shop assistant, flashed my underwear to half of Edenglassie City, made
a total clown of myself getting on to a ferry, dumped in the river and nearly
drowned, and the whole event was captured on film. It'll probably be all over
the internet by now, not to mention the society pages. Lucky day? Lucky
day?!!! Well, all I can say is, I hope I never experience my second most lucky
day! Honestly, sometimes I feel I might as well just...

_I'm so glad you didn't drown,_ Roche, said Suzie to herself, as Rochelle's
tirade washed over her. _I'd have missed you so much. If only for the
entertainment value! _

_~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~_

