### National Exposure by Sy Croydon

**Date Added:** 2014-01-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** "Rochelle," the klutzy, snobby executive with the constantly misbahaving attire is back. This time, she appears on a national chat show, showing her intimite apparel to the nation at large. But it's all in a good cause! 

* * *

# National Exposure

_Or_

_ _

**Rochelle Hunts the Thimble**

“  
  
---  
  
COME on! Come on!” screamed Rochelle. You can do it!”

“Only eight seconds left,” Joanne shrieked. “He's still got to get up the
ladder, yet. Oh, go, you good thing!”

“If only he hadn't fallen off the raised plank.”

_Three_, came the audience chorus, in full stereophonic sound, from the lunch
room TV.

“He's got it,” yelled Rochelle, delightedly. “He's got his hand on - ”

_Two!_

“Fuck!” hissed Joanne.

There was a cacophonous clatter, as the ladder - still in full stereophonic
sound - collapsed. The B-List British actor, resplendent in the Roman toga he
had worn in the telemovie that had brought him to stardom, described a semi-
graceful parabola through the air, coming to earth - or, rather, the well-
padded studio floor - in a tangle of arms and legs.

For the briefest of moments, Rochelle Kaitlyn Heath, the shy, easily bullied
Assistant Marketing Director, and Joanne Marina Selby, Marketing Director, who
did most of the bullying, were united in disappointment.

“You'd think Cynthia would stretch a point,” Rochelle lamented. “After all, it
is a good cause!”

“I don't think it's up to her,” Joanne pointed out. “The studio make the
rules. And they do give a lot of money away.”

“Oh, Milton, Milton,” came the pseudo-upset voice, from the perfectly queued
and manicured chat-show anchor. “So close. I really thought you were going to
make it!”

“Yeah, I guess it was taking too long in the maze, Cynthia,” the actor
admitted.

“Well, never mind,” consoled the announcer, beaming at the camera, her squeaky
clean, controlled - quirky visage projecting into every home in the country.
“I'm sorry, Milton. But, as I say every time, rules are rules. Had you managed
to reach the cheque in the time allocated -”

The broadcast cut to a shot of the cheque, suspended from the studio ceiling.

“ - under the rules, a cheque made out for one hundred thousand pounds, to the
Epileptic Research League, your chosen charity would have been awarded. As it
is - ”

The anchor paused slightly, carefully timing her resumption as the groan from
the studio audience died away.

“As it is, Milton has agreed to donate his appearance money to the League, so
they won't go away empty handed. Let's all hear it for a good sport, ladies
and gentlemen, Milton Bannister!”

Rochelle found her hands flying together to applaud, and only just - catching
Joanne's amused glance in her peripheral vision - managed to stop herself in
time.

“When we come back,” the anchor continued, “We'll be talking to Shelby
Cornelius, author of The Rectal Cleaning Diet, Dickie and Margeurite will be
back with another movie preview, and Phillippa Yates will be speculating on
likely results at the Oceania Open Badmington Championship. That's right after
these important messages.”

“I can't believe you're watching this inane crap,” came a voice from behind
them. Rochelle spun round, guiltily, as Helene Francis, Co-ordinator of
Purchasing, entered the room.

“It - it isn't crap, Helene,” replied Rochelle, defensively. “It's... it's a
hard-hitting, pull-no-punches current affair show, with occasional light-
relief segments.”

“It's crap! Come on, Roche, you know it is.”

Rochelle blushed. It wasn't only at work she got teased about (amongst many
other things) her addiction to bubblegum TV. Her housemate, Suzie, was just as
scathing.

“That's not true,” she replied, defiantly. “They have a lot of highly incisive
segments on current political affairs, and - and things like that.” She fussed
with her hairbow to hide her embarrassment. “The arts, and stuff.”

“Oh yeah? What's on tomorrow?” Helene picked up the TV guide from the magazine
rack. “Here we are. 'The One PM show with Cynthia DeMornay. Today, Cyn's
guests include Julian Bird, tortoise-trainer to the stars, Fernella Hussy, the
eccentric American backyard scientist who is constructing her own personal
space-shuttle, and every child's animated favourite, Wilberforce Worm. Ron
Lynch brings us up to date with the latest happenings in the pro-wrestling
world, Arthur Yates shows us how to cook walnut _souffle_, and Morag Corbie,
captain of the Scottish Ladies Cricket Team braves Cynthia's famous obstacle
course, attempting to win one hundred thousand pounds for the _stumps in
schools_ program.' Piffle. Every last bit of it!”

“They d-do give a lot of money to charity, on that obstacle course,” Rochelle
persisted, gamely attempting to defend the indefensible.

“Huh, you're fooled by that? Just a clever ploy to make the studio look
benevolent. How often do you actually see anyone succeed in that 'Cynthia's
Challenge' segment? Once a month? Once every two months?”

“That bass guitarist guy got to the end, a few weeks ago.”

“Yeah, sure, occasionally. So the studio write the money off against tax as a
donation. Not to mention that everyone who fails feels obliged to donate their
appearance money, too - making that amount legally a donation, so that's
another deduction to the studio.”

“Oh you're just cynical, Helene.”

“I've been around too long to expect benevolence from large corporations.”
Helene turned to Joanne. “And I'm surprised at you, Jo. Everyone know's
Rochelle's a junk TV addict, but - ”

“It's research, actually,” laughed Joanne, smugly.

“Research?”

“Sure.”

“Pull the other one. How can it be -?”

Joanne beamed.

“It just so happens that I've been negotiating with the channel's board to
have us featured on a segment next week.”

“Us?” shrieked Helene and Rochelle, simultaneously.

“Yep.” Joanne leaned against the bench with a self-satisfied smirk. “Mr
Branigan's always saying that we need to open up new advertising channels,
right? Well, what better way to reach new markets than SETV's famous 'One PM
with CynthiaDeMornay?' You know they often interview companies about their new
products, right? Well, I've arranged for Mr Branigan to be interviewed live
next Thursday, about our new easy-set-up home networking system.”

She held her hands together above her head in an attitude of triumph.

“Not the part where they have to do that obstacle course for charity, I hope,”
Helene giggled. “I can see Mr Branigan going for _that_!”

“You must be joking,” laughed Joanne. “She'll probably have some sporting
personality or showbiz type doing that. Can you imagine James Branigan
scurrying around through cat flaps and walking the plank across swimming
pools? No, he'll just be rabbiting about the product is all. She turned to
Rochelle. “You owe me one, I think, Roche. It'll probably triple your sales. I
reckon it's only fair you give me half your commission on any extra sales you
get after the segment.

“Y-Yes, of course, that sounds fair,” replied Rochelle, who didn't think it
was fair at all - but whose fear of conflict (particularly, conflict with
Joanne) was all-encompassing.

In fact, on one level, Rochelle was probably as pleased as Joanne about the
_coup_. Like most executives, she identified, in a sense that bordered on the
tribal, with the company for whom she worked. It was, she admitted to herself,
exciting that their General Manager would be featured on a nationwide TV show.
And as Joanne had pointed out, it certainly wouldn't do sales any harm to have
Harcourt's HardDrives seen as a company committed to helping good causes. Not
to mention the exposure to the product.

_But thank heaven it's someone else doing that dreadful obstacle course, and
not me,_ she thought, suddenly.

As anyone who knew Rochelle would confirm, this opinion was well founded. Even
the most athletic, well-coordinated participants on the complex, timed
obstacle course inevitably ended up ridiculous, dishevelled and with their
dignity in tatters. For Rochelle, clumsiness and _dishabille_ were virtually
identifying characteristics. Even when performing normal day-to-day activities
she was constantly having to re-tuck her blouse, discreetly smooth wrinkles
from her sagging pantyhose, refasten sliding skirt-zips, replace slipping bra-
straps or perform some other undignified sartorial adjustment. As if to
confirm her disquiet, she could feel an uncomfortable bulge around her midriff
where her slip, which had been given her trouble all day, had again found its
way up above her panties.

“And don't think we haven't picked your hidden agenda, too, Jo,” Helene
laughed. “You starstruck little media-tart! Mr Branigan's bound to take an
assistant with him, most of the executives do on that advo-tainment segment.
You just want an intro to that TV studio, to meet some of the TV stars? Or a
chance to flirt with the Director.”

This time it was Joanne's turn to blush, though the intensity was, of course,
far inferior to Rochelle's usual efforts.

“Well, obviously I can't deny that might be a factor,” she smiled. “Providing
Mr Branigan chooses me to go with him, of course.”

“Oh come on, who else would he choose?” Rochelle asked, squirming and patting
at her hips in a surreptitious attempt to get her rebellious slip back in
place. “I mean, you set it all up.”

“Yeah, well, hopefully. Having a bit of trouble there, Roche?”

Rochelle blushed crimson. _Don't I ever learn,_ she thought ruefully. _No
matter how discreet I try to be when something needs adjusting, that bloody
Joanne always notices. And makes it her business to draw attention to it.
Cow!_

“J-Just scratching my leg,” she lied. She checked her watch. “Well, anyway,
I'd better get back to work.”

“We've still got five minutes,” Helene told her.

“I'm expecting a phone call from the Canadian branch,” Rochelle improvised,
hastily, as she left. She'd just have time to pay a flying visit to the wash
room and untangle that damn slip - and splash her face with cold water, to try
and dissipate her blush - before she had to be back at her desk.

“It's 11PM in Canada right now,” laughed Helene, cruelly, as the clip-clop of
Rochelle's heels receded along the corridor outside. “What's the betting she's
having under-the-skirt issues again?” She opened the fridge and removed her
salad lunch. “I have to admit, that was a master stroke, getting the company
featured on Cynthia's show. I'm right though, aren't I? You've got your own
agenda.”

“Well, why not kill two birds with one stone, yeah? I mean, what girl wouldn't
want to get off with some handsome well-paid, sensitive TV Director?” Joanne
gave a giggle. “Apparently, his name's Jayden Walsh-Wilkes. Sounds just my
type!

*****

“Honethtly, it'th jutht not good enough,” whined Jayden Walsh-Wilkes, mincing
into the production office. “Blondeth, blondeth, blondeth!”

“Blondes?” queried Donal O'Shanahan, the producer of _1PM with Cynthia
DeMornay_, looking up from a compilation of the latest critical reviews. “You
got something against blondes, now, Jay? Better not tell that to Cyn! She's a
- ”

“That'th what I mean, you cwetin!” Walsh-Wilkes slammed the photographs down
on O'Shanahan's desk. “Jutht look at the guetht line up for Thurthday.
“Normia-Jane Mortelthen, the Marilyn imperthonator - blonde. Jurgen Goering,
the German thoccer player - blonde. Claudette Pennington, the thupermodel -
blonde! Arthur Yateth, on the cooking thegment – blonde! And then there'th
Thyn herthelf.”

“Blonde.”

“Ekthactly. And now look! We've jutht got the shotth of that manger from that
computer company, and the athithtant he'th bringing with him.”

“He's not blonde.”

Walsh-Wilkes heaved a deep sigh, that threatened to crack his carefully
applied make-up. “No, but thee ith! Honethtly, Donal, we'll be a laughing
thtock. It'th an artithtic dithathter! I'll never be able to hold up my head
again. It'th a dithathter, Donal, a dithathter!”

“Joanne Selby,” read O'Shanahan, aloud, studying the photo. “Pity, she looks
kind of cute. But I do see your point.” In fact, he didn't – but he'd long ago
earned that not giving way on the Director's obsessions was a sure-fire path
to tears and tantrums. “OK, so get your assistant to ring up this Branigan
guy, tell him to bring a redhead or a brunette. After all, all the assistant
does on these advo-tainment segments is hand paperwork to her boss-man and sit
there looking dumb and pretty.”

“Really? You'll back my thuperior judgement?”

“If that's what it takes to keep you happy, Jay.”

*****

“Honestly, Roche, I’ve never seen you so excited!” Said Suzie, as the two
girls shared a bottle of _Cold Duck_

in their favourite wine-bar. “You seem positively glowing. Did your boss just
approve a new company car for you, or something?”

“Better than that!” trilled Rochelle. “Guess what! Our company is actually
going to be on Television! Mr Branigan’s going to be interviewed by Cynthia
DeMornay on the 1PM show next Thursday ! You know, on SETV! This will put the
company on the map! We’re bound to increase sales. And I’m Assistant Marketing
Director, remember. Imagine what it could do to my commission!”

Suzie took a sip of her wine. “I can see why you’re pleased,” she admitted.
But you're going on as if it was the greatest thing that ever happened to you.
What's so - ”

“But Suzie, you haven’t heard the best of it yet!” Rochelle continued, bobbing
up and down on her seat in excitement. “You know how in those shows, the
executive who's being interviewed has to bring along an assistant with him?
Well - he's chosen me!”

“You?”

Rochelle pouted.

“And just what's so strange about that?”

“No, I didn't mean it that way,” lied Suzie, quickly, covering her frown. Much
as she loved her friend and housemate, the thought of Rochelle being featured
on national media was somewhat disquieting. Knowing Rochelle, she'd probably
split her pants, or accidentally leave the zip of her skirt undone, or appear
throughout the nation with her bra-strap flapping down. And come home in
tears, wailing and lamenting her lot - and Suzie would have to pick up the
pieces. “I meant - well, I'd have thought someone from the advertising
section?”

“Yes, I did wonder about that,” said Rochelle, softly. In truth, that aspect
of the situation was causing her a slight apprehension. Joanne was going to be
mightily pissed that, having set the whole affair up, she was going to be
passed over for a chance to appear on the country's most watched (in one
particular demographic, anyway) TV show. Rochelle consoled herself that surely
Joanne would know that the decision had been Mr Branigan's, and Joanne could
hardly hold her responsible. “But, without wanting to appear too smug, surely
I'm the obvious choice. I mean, I _am_ the Assistant - ”

“Marketing Director. Yeah, I know. So, what are you going to wear?”

Rochelle poured herself another glass. “I thought that yellow skirt. You know
– the tight one? And my black blouse. I mean, you know, I want to stand out,
but not - not stand out _too much_, if you know what I mean.”

“Yeah, well that should do the job, then.” _As long as the zip doesn't bust,_
thought Suzie, _like happened last time you wore a skirt that tight. _“Careful
with that wine, Roche. You know you've got no head for liquor.”

“Oh don't be so ridiculous, Suzie. You're just being a silly old stick-in-the-
mud. This is a celebration. Anyway, even the Edenglassian Liquor Advisory
board said that three glasses of a low-alcohol white wine was a perfectly
modest intake for an adult female.”

“For a normal adult female, maybe.”

“Are you saying I can't hold my drink?”

“Roche, you can get blotto on a liqueur chocolate. Remember Liza's party?”
Suzie grinned. “Though come to think of it, I'll be surprised if you do.”

Rochelle could feel her familiar blush rising. “It so happens that someone
spiked my drink, that night!”

“Rochelle, you had three champagne-and-orange juices, and spent the rest of
the evening sobbing your eyes out, cuddling Herbert and vowing you'd run away
and spend the rest of your lives together.”

“Oh don't be so ridiculous, Suzie Callaghan. You're making that up.” Rochelle
thought for a moment. “Anyway, who's Herbert? I don't remember there being
anyone there called - ”

“Liza's Dalmation. And then there was Emma's hens' night, when you ended lying
in the middle of the road fast asleep, and wet your knickers.”

“Yes, well, that _was_ a pretty wild night.”

“Roche, that was at home before we even left for the bar! All you had was one
gin sling! And while we're on that subject, be careful about the complimentary
booze they serve in the green room. You don't want to appear on national TV
squiffed!”

“Suzie, I do not get, as you put it, 'squiffed!' ”

“Just go easy, is all. I know what happens when you get nervous. You look for
any way to calm yourself down, and - ”

“Nervous? I'm not the slightest bit nervous,” lied Rochelle. “I mean, it's not
as if I'll have to say anything, or be asked questions. Mr Branigan's doing
all that. I just have to hand him promotional material as needed. However you
look at it, this is hardly some challenging assignment.” She smiled. “There's
nothing that could possibly go wrong.”

*****

“You'd better hurry, Roche,” sang Suzie, from outside Rochelle's bedroom. “The
cab's going to be here any minute!”

A series of grunts from behind the door was the only reply. Grinning to
herself, Suzie opened the door.

“What are you doing in here? Animal impersonations?”

“It's this damn zip,” moaned Rochelle, tugging frantically at the side of her
skirt. “I'm sure this skirt fitted better than this last time I wore it. I
can't have put on that much weight!”

“Need any help?”

“No, I think I've got it. There - all done.” Rochelle wriggled, attempting to
smooth out the wrinkles that had gathered under the slight protuberance of her
stomach. “I'm just glad it dried in time. And that that blasted washing
machine didn't shred it, like it did your sweater last week.”

“Yeah, bloody thing. We're going to have to get a new - hold on, your tab's
sticking up. I'll - oops. That explains it.”

“Explains what?”

_Care_

read Suzie.

_Material prone to shrinkage. Do not machine wash._

She giggled, “No wonder the skirt's too tight. It's shrunk!”

“What?” screeched Rochelle.

“Bit late to fret about it now. Does it feel OK?”

Rochelle wriggled, and tugged and patted at various points of the skirt.

“No, it doesn't feel binding. It was a tiny bit loose before, actually. No
harm done.”

“Well, I have to admit, you look the part.” Suzie stood back and appraised her
friend. “Black blouse and yellow skirt. Very 'executive chic'. A few inches
above the knee is the perfect length for that look.”

“Yes, well, I didn't want to go too short. You know those low-slung couches
they have on that show. Didn't want it riding up and showing too much thigh.”

“Very wise,” replied Suzie, meaningfully. She knew Rochelle of old.

There was the sound of a cab horn, from the street outside.

“OK, that's the cab,” said Rochelle. “Now, sure you've set the VCR?”

“Yep. Your TV debut'll be recorded for posterity, never fear.”

“Are my pantyhose OK?” Rochelle continued, checking her thin calves in the
mirror. “Not wrinkled or anything?”

“No, they're fine.” _For once_, Suzie added under her breath. “Flesh coloured
is a good call, too, with those shoes. Hope the studio lighting isn't too
strong, though. The material of that skirt's a tad see-through.”

“No problems, I've got a slip on. My lilac one.”

“Lilac? Isn't that rather a psychedelic mix? With yellow?”

“It's the only one I've got that behaves under this skirt,” Rochelle admitted,
rushing down the stairs. “Anyway, it's not as if anyone's going to see it, is
it?”

*****

“Erm, excuse me dear,” said the cab driver, looking into the mirror. “I think
your slip's showing.”

Rochelle mumbled something non-committal, tugging at the hem of her skirt.
_Doesn't she think I already know_, she thought, exasperatedly, to herself.
She bit off the sarcastic reply that came to her lips. The driver was, after
all, only trying to be helpful.

And as well as helpful, she was perfectly correct. Though upon leaving the
house, a half hour earlier, Rochelle had looked a picture of sartorial
perfection, such a state of affairs had never (Rochelle being Rochelle) been
likely to last. The acts of walking down stairs and to the cab, getting into
the rear seat, and then sitting for the time it took to drive to the DETV
studio had had a disastrous effect on the too-tight skirt, causing it to creep
up and gather around her hips.

The slip that Rochelle wore underneath was the oldest she owned, and had
survived so long in her wardrobe (her clothes frequently met the dramatic fate
of being hurled violently into the rubbish bin when they let her down, and the
tenure of slips in the line up was particularly tenuous) simply because if its
previously immaculate behaviour. Indeed, one might have concluded its very
length of service was the cause of Rochelle's current problem. For over the
years she had owned it, the elastic at the waist had stretched, with the
concomitant effect upon it's reliability.

The slip had, therefore, and eponymously, slipped. Combined with the tight
skirt's tendency to work upwards, this had resulted in the fact that no matter
how much Rochelle yanked, smoothed and pulled, she was unable to prevent a
mortifying band of lilac lace peeking out from under the hem of the skirt. The
result was, as Suzie had speculated, psychedelic!

_Hopefully I'll get a chance to get into a wash room and fix it before they
start filming_, she thought, attempting to gather the surplus nylon and tuck
it up under her hem. Hoisting it up, she knew, was always a somewhat complex
operation when she wore a blouse and skirt. Pulling up the waist of the slip
invariably pulled the blouse out of the waist of the skirt, leading to the
need for a complex re-tuck!

“SETV studios,” the cabbie said, cheerfully. Rochelle signed the chit and
added a generous tip, feeling guilty about her previous uncharitable thoughts
(and after all, the studio were paying for it anyway) and, holding tightly to
the hem, did her best to scramble out in as dignified a manner as possible.

“Er, you seem to be having some difficulty there,” the cabbie said.

Rochelle blushed.

“It's just that – er, this skirt's a bit... prone to riding up,” she admitted.

“Want me to help you out?”

“Thanks. That would be great.”

Rochelle, upon hearing the question, had assumed that “help you out,” meant to
lend her a safety pin for her slip, or perhaps even stand in the way as a
modesty shield to prevent Rochelle revealing too much leg (or lingerie) when
alighting. She did not realise her mistake - and that the cabbie, grateful for
the large tip, was perfectly prepared to render hands-on assistance - until
the brawny woman slid her hands under Rochelle and bodily lifted her from the
seat, swinging her out onto the tarmac of the studio entrance.

“No, no, you don't understand,” shrieked Rochelle, wriggling. To make her
entrance having to be bodily lifted out of the cab as if she were helpless was
humiliating enough. The fact that, cradled in the cabbie's arms caused her
skirt to slide up even further, and her slip with it, revealing Rochelle's
thighs almost up to panty-level added a further degree of mortification. “I
thought you meant - I - ”

Rochelle caught a glimpse of a tall, perfectly groomed man with razor cut
hair, his mouth open in surprise, standing watching the struggle.

As Rochelle's protest registered, two things happened. The first was that the
cabbie realised her mistake, and began to set Rochelle down. The second was
that Rochelle, registering that her kicking and struggling were having such a
devastating effect upon her modesty, went immediately limp. Taken by surprise,
the cabby dropped her flat on her posterior in the most undignified manner
possible. Rochelle's legs flew up, in a flurry of rucked yellow skirt, lacy
lilac slip and dark blue panties.

“Do I take it thith ith Mth Heath?” came the silky-smooth lisp of the tall
man, his disapproval obvious.

“Y-Y-Yes, that's right. I w-was told to report to the green room.” Her face
scarlet, Rochelle attempted to scramble to her feet and work her skirt back
into position in the same instant. An ambitious project, given her natural
clumsiness (and made even worse by her nervousness) causing her to sprawl
again, hitting the tarmac with a thump.

She gabbled out excuses and apologies as the man extended his hand and helped
her to her feet.

“I undeethtand your colleagu'th inthide already,” he told her. “I am the
Director of the thow. My name ith Jayden Waltth – Wilketh.”

“P-Pleased to meet you, Mr Waltth – Wilketh,” stammered Rochelle, trying
desperately to wring another inch or two's length from her skirt.

“ Waltth – Wilketh!” he corrected. “Walk thith way, pleathe.” Realising her
_faux-pas_, Rochelle blushed even deeper.

At least Rochelle understood that “walk this way” simply meant “follow me” -
attempting to emulate the mincing, effeminate sway of Jayden Walsh-Wilkes
would have made her skirt ride up even more! She followed him along a long
series of corridors, passing a number of attractive women, all with wooden
expressions and lacquered hair, who were presumably the studio assistants,
until he opened a door and stood back.

Peeking inside, Rochelle saw that he had le her to a small room, lined with
couches and containing a small table, on which were stacked snacks, a coffee
pot, cream and sugar and several decanters. Mr Branigan was already seated,
nibbling at a small sandwich.

“The green room,” Jayden Walsh-Wilkes told her.

Rochelle looked around. “There must be some mistake,” she said, nervously.

“Ek-thkuthe me?”

Rochelle indicated the walls, which were painted in a kind of neutral, taupe
shade. “Erm... h-how can it be the green room? It's brown?”

“Green roomth are never green,” Jayden Walsh-Wilkes told her, only barely
managing not to add “You idiot!”, though it was obviously implied.
“Thuperthtition.”

Rochelle was glad to see that he did not linger, but minced off, presumably to
attend to studio business (or, more likely, touch up his make up) leaving her
alone with Mr Branigan.

“You look nervous, Mr Branigan,” she said, brightly.

“And getting more so as the minutes go by,” he admitted. “Only ten minutes
until we're on.” He pointed to a monitor, on which the handsome features of
Jurgen Goering of Liverpool and Germany, Europe's Footballer of the Year and
the Premier League's top goalscorer, beamed into the room. “She's just
finishing this segment, then there's an ad break, then the studio flunky'll
knock at the door and lead us into the studio while the coking segment's on.”

Rochelle's heart gave a leap. Jurgen Goering! Not that she knew the slightest
thing about football, but the German's bulging muscles and deep blue eyes were
the cover staple of every woman's magazine throughout the Western world. And
here was she, in the very same studio, on the same program. She might even get
to _meet_ him!

_While dressed in a skirt that makes me look pregnant, and with my slip
showing_, she added ruefully to herself.

“Rochelle! Your slip's showing,” Mr Branigan said, as if confirming her
thoughts - and also revealing his nervousness. Normally, whatever his other
faults, he would have been more circumspect. Rochelle spun her head around,
craning her neck and examining her rear.

“I'm - I'm terribly sorry, Mr Branigan,” she stammered, trying to draw the
waist of the offending garment upwards, and making a total mess of her
previously neatly tucked blouse. “I think the elastic's going. Have you got a
safety pin?”

“I don't carry safety pins around with me,” he replied, tartly, again
revealing how _distrait_ he was. “Sorry, Rochelle, I shouldn't snap. It's just
that I'm a bit on edge. Maybe you could call for one of the studio staff, I'm
sure they have a supply for emergencies.”

If there was one thing Rochelle was certainly not prepared to do, it would be
to admit to one of the perfectly groomed, supercilious-looking females that
comprised the studio staff, that her slip-elastic was giving out. She found
her face going scarlet at the very thought.

“I really suggest, too,” Mr Branigan continued, “that you help yourself to a
drink.”

It was wise council indeed. Knowing Rochelle, she was likely to make a mistake
- hand him the wrong chart, or drop something vital - through sheer
nervousness. If there was anyone who needed the influence of alcohol to steady
their nerves it was Rochelle.

She hesitated, looking at the spread on the table, heedful of Suzie's warning.
She was well aware she had no head for liquor. On the other hand, the General
Manager did have a point. She _was_ feeling nervous, and the horrid lurking
feeling at the back of her mind that her slip might drop down again at a vital
moment was nagging at her and making things worse.

_What I'll do_, she thought, _is just have a single, small drink. Just enough
to quieten this fluttering in my stomach, but not go over the top. _

She selected a tumbler, and, picking up the brandy bottle, poured in a small
amount - about half, she calculated, that she had seen served in bars. _Now,
where's the water_, she said to herself, looking around at the various carafes
that stood about. _Ah, there it is. _

She picked up the vessel and topped up her glass with the clear liquid.

“While you're there, Rochelle,” said Mr Branigan, holding out his empty cup,
“would you mind topping me up? Black coffee.”

“Of course, Mr Branigan.” said Rochelle, picking up the peculator. “Oh, look,”
she said, indicating the monitor. Jurgen Goering's taking his clothes off!”

What in fact was happening was that Cynthia DeMornay had “persuaded” (in fact,
it had been carefully pre-scripted) the soccer star to remove his suit -
revealing that underneath he was dressed in his full international kit. The
camera cut to a portable goal, set at one end of a long, green strip of astro-
turf, with ten or so soccer balls scattered about.

“Ah, I see,” she continued, staring transfixed at the screen. “It seems he's
going to demonstrate his kicking skills. Look, Mr Branigan.” Her deep, green
eyes widened. Stripped down to his sporting attire, Jurgen Goering was even
more delicious! The very act of repositioning one of the soccer balls with a
small flick of his left foot caused the muscles in his leg to bulge in a way
that made Rochelle feel weak at the knees.

_Oh, couldn't I go for that,_ she thought. _Couldn't I just! I mean, I'm sure
I could learn about soccer. It isn't so very hard. I just have to remember the
difference between a scrum and a maul, and the difference between a ruckman
and -_

“AAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”

Mr Branigan's piercing cry broke into her musings. She spun around, and saw
the dark patch on Mr Branigan's groin. He was jumping up and down, his mouth
working soundlessly.

“M-Mr Branigan, did you wet yourself?”

“No, I did _not_ wet myself, you asinine creature,” he shouted, scrabbling for
the pack of tissues on the table. She followed his gaze, to her left hand,
where the heavy coffee percolator dangled at an acute angle. “_You_ wet me!
Honestly, Rochelle, you were supposed to pour the coffee into the cup - not
over my nuts!”

Rochelle realised that, in her wool-gathering, she had allowed the coffee pot
to slip in her hand, with the disastrous result that she had managed - as Mr
Branigan had pointed out - to dump two pints of scalding hot coffee onto his
genitals! He began clutching at the fastenings on his pants.

“Mr Branigan, you;re not – not – not t-taking your pants off?!”

“What do you think I'm doing?”

“B-But... Mr Branigan, I... I mean, you're... I'm your employee. It's not - ”

“You cretinous _bimbo_! My... my testicles are scalded!” He looked down,
ruefully. “Not to mention that my pants are soaking wet.” He fanned himself, a
grimace of pain on his face. “Well, that's that. Seems like Harcourt's
HardDrives isn't going to be featuring on TV after all!”

Rochelle fought desperately to fight back tears. Once again, she sighed, she'd
messed everything up. Now the company would miss the chance for national
exposure (though, in a sense, Mr Branigan was making up for that, she thought
ruefully,) she'd made a total idiot of herself, and would have to go home and
tell Suzie what had happened, and all Joanne's work in negotiating the
appearance had gone for nothing!

Joanne!!!!!

Suddenly Rochelle's heart shot into her mouth. Already, the situation was a
mega-disaster. But once Joanne got to hear that thanks to Rochelle's
clumsiness the advertising opportunity had been missed, Rochelle's life
wouldn't be worth living. The feisty little blonde would probably string her
up from the ceiling of the stationery cupboard and whip her! Rochelle's face
went white as her imagination went into overdrive.

“Two minutes, Harcourt's people,” came the voice of one of the studio menials,
from outside the closed door.

“Mr Branigan,” she said, an idea suddenly occurring to her. “Listen.”

“Listen? Listen to _you_?! Rochelle Heath, I don't even want to _look_ at you
right now, never mind -”

“Please, Mr Branigan.”

“OK, _what_?!”

“Y-Y-You didn't really want to go on TV, did you?”

“Of course not, you dopey cow. I've been lying awake for the past week
worrying about it if you must know. But it's my duty. We can't afford to pass
up a chance to - ”

“Well, you don't have to.”

“Yes, I can see that!” He looked down at the stain on his underpants. “But
we're not going to get to push our product on - ”

“Yes we are.”

“I don't see how.”

“Because _I'll _do the interview!” Rochelle said, defiantly.

“You?!!”

“Why not? After all, I _am_ the Assistant Marketing Director. It's my job to
sell the stuff.”

“Yes, but... but _you_?!” His face went white, at the thought of the chaos
that Rochelle could cause, publicly on national TV.

_On the other hand,_ went the thought that immediately sprang into his brain,
_anything's better than _me_ having to do it. _

And before he could make any further protest, the door opened, and there stood
Jayden Walsh-Wilkes, whose eyes immediately swung down to Mr Branigan's naked
legs.

“Dethided to while away the waiting time, did we?” he asked. Since Mr Branigan
was _sans_ pants, and Rochelle was busily involved in stuffing her blouse back
into the waistband of her skirt, his mistaken conclusion was, perhaps,
understandable.

“There's been a bit of a change of plan,” Mr Branigan said. “Rochelle's doing
the interview instead of me.”

“Come this way, then,” replied the Director.

“Just a second,” said Rochelle, remembering she hadn't yet had the drink she'd
promised herself to steady her nerves. She needed it more than ever, now. She
picked up the tumbler and began to gulp the contents, then clapped her hand to
her mouth, a sour expression on her face.

_What the hell do they put in the water here,_ she thought. _This tastes like
metholated spirits. Or what I'd imagine metholated spirits tastes like,
anyway. Must be the stuff they use to clean the glasses, I guess. _

_ _

As she disappeared, following the Director, Mr Branigan sat back,still mopping
at his scalded male parts with the tissue. _That blasted girl,_ he thought._
She's like a one-woman whirlwind. Shit, do I ever need a drink to calm my
nerves, after that little episode._

He reached for the table, picked up the previously full carafe, and scowled.

_The greedy cow, _he thought._ She's drunk the entire jug of vodka!!! _

*****

_ _

“Well, I mutht thay, I have to admire your cheek,” said Jayden Walsh-Wilkes, a
bitchy tone in his voice. “I mean, fair enough, thome people'll do anything to
get on TV, but you might have been a bit more _thubtle_ about it!”

His years in television had taught him that the casting couch was, if not
always a sure route to success, at least a strategy worth trying. Indeed, he
always stood ready to give aspiring hopefuls a chance himself. “A shot for a
shot” had long been part of his lexicon. But concupiscence with one's Manager,
when you only had a few minutes before you went on screen was a touch brazen,
even in his wide experience.

Rochelle, (who, it must be admitted, had not exactly gone around the block too
often) screwed up her face in puzzlement.

“Oh, you needn't look tho innothent,” he laughed. He was puzzled himself, now.
The look on the bosomy brunette's face - as if not even shaved chocolate,
never mind butter, would melt in her mouth – was so realistic it had almost
convinced him. Any actress who could fake innocence like that – and who had
the sheer _chutzpah_ to give her boss a handjob in return for a TV shot, and
then openly skull an entire tumbler of vodka without it splashing the sides –
would surely go far in the industry!

“No, no, you don't understand,” shrieked Rochelle, who had, belatedly, worked
out at least part of what he was implying – and could feel her face burning at
the implication. “It wasn't meant to happen like that. You see, I got
distracted and my hand slipped, and... and it all came out too quickly!”

“Yeth. That _can_ happen,” he replied, blandly.

*****

_ _

Rochelle found herself staggering as she waked into the studio. Cursing her
high heels, she recovered herself, accidentally gripping at the Director's arm
for support.

“You needn't bother with me, thweetie,” he replied. “I'm a meat and
vegetableth man, mythelf.”

Even more puzzled by this remark, Rochelle followed him to wards the angled
couches, where, surrounded by an army of flunkies touching up her lipstick,
arranging her hair, pro-offering her glasses of water and breath mints, sat
Cynthia DeMornay. Beyond this tableau was a long bench, stacked with cooking
equipment, at which a plump blonde man was being filmed preparing some kind of
combustible crepe, and beyond that again a group of brawny men were removing
the astro-turf and goal, and replacing it with a peculiar collapsible green
tunnel, the purpose of which Rochelle, in her befuddled state, was not even up
to hazarding a guess.

Rochelle half-tripped again, and felt herself reeling towards the wall.
Suddenly, the whole room seemed to be spinning! Nerves, she guessed. But it
had never taken her like this before! Dammit, she'd lost her shoe, now. Oh,
why were those damn things always coming off and making her look ridiculous at
precisely the most awkward moment? Nothing looks more ridiculous than a woman
losing her shoe. She shaped to dart back for it, then thought better of it.
She didn't dare bend down to pick it up anyway. Something weird had suddenly
happened to her sense of balance.

She lost the other shoe just as she entered the area covered by the camera.
Cynthia DeMornay gave it, and Rochelle, an amused look as it skittered across
the floor.

“Sorry,” whispered Rochelle, embarrassed. “My schooses are a bit looes. I
mean, my shoesh are a bit... alwaysh coming off, thoshe shoeshes. Very
embarrashing. I hate it when my shoeshes -” her hose-clad feet slipped on the
shiny floor, and she scrambled for purchase, windmilling her arms. She felt a
push from behind and skittered forwards, collapsing onto the couch.

“An' I shpilt... I shpilt coffee all over Mishter Branigan'sh nutsh!” she
added, suddenly realising that what she had just said was the most hilarious
joke ever told in the history of mankind, and bursting into helpless giggles.

Cynthia DeMornay stared over Rochelle's head, at something Jayden Walsh-Wilkes
was mouthing. Her fixed, professional smile wavered just for an instant. And
then, instantly, it was back in place. She clapped her hands, began shouting
instructions to the menials that clustered around her, like hive-bees around a
queen.

“Delaney! Water! Maisie! Black coffee! Austin! Raw egg and Worcestershire
sauce, well beaten! Aveline! Slip!”

“Slip, Miss DeMornay?”

“Hers! Showing! Fix!”

Obediently, one of the attendants - a scrawny creature in a white tee and
jeans, with dyed pink hair, began grabbing at Rochelle's waist, diving her
hands down under her skirt.

“Hey, whashish? I'm a married woman. Well, I might be one day! Get your handsh
- ”

“Your slip's showing,” said the insectoid creature, hauling upwards.

“Ysh, the elashtic's broken... Very 'barrashing. Wha - ?”

“I'm hitching it up for you!”

“Thash not my shlip. 'sh my pantiesh! You givin' me a wezh... wezhee!”

Another of the studio staff scuttled out from the wings, at Jayden Walsh-
Wilkes's urgent instruction. He held up a sign, reading _Laugh! Applaud! _The
studio audience went from staring open-mouthed at this bizarre spectacle into
a paroxysm of clapping and gales of helpless mirth.

“OK, cut,”snapped Walsh-Wilkes. Right, splice that footage on at the very end
of Arthur's segment. Then don't start filming again 'till I say!” He snatched
a glass of a dark, slimy looking liquid from one of the attendants, held
Rochelle's nose and poured it down her throat. “Right. Give her water. The
whole fucking jug! Then give me the coffee.”

“Don' like water,” spluttered Rochelle. “Had it in thst shtupid green room
that ishn't green 'cos of shu... shoe... shoostipishion. Tashtes funny!” She
exploded into another trill of giggles. “Like coffee, but. I jusht poured it
all over Mr Branigan'sh - ”

Jayden Walsh-Wilkes bent down and began to whisper in Rochelle's right ear. As
he did so, she felt a tiny object being inserted into the left. “OK, now,
listen. You've got two minutes before the ads finish and we're back live.
Don't worry - you aren't the first person to come on set pissed. She
interviewed Oliver Reed a few years ago. We'll get you through this! Just
repeat whatever you hear me saying through the bud in your ear, got it?”

Before Rochelle could reply, he held her nose again and picked up a sippy-cup,
pouring the contents down her throat. “There, you've had a prairie oyster and
black coffee. That should do it!” He waved his hands. “Cameras _roll_!”

Cynthia DeMornay turned towards a camera, on which a red light was
illuminated.

“Welcome back to 1PM,” she purred, in that special voice that reassured every
housewife viewing, all over the nation, that she was their special best
friend. “Now, our next guest is a very special lady indeed. Rochelle Heath is
Assistant Marketing Director of Harcourt's HardDrives, the most progressive,
reliable and forward thinking computer hardware company in Edenglassie. But
when she's not sitting in her office, wracking her brains trying to come up
with wonderful new innovative ways to make every customer's life more
convenient and more enjoyable, she's the President of the Harcourt's
HardDrives Amateur Dramatic Society. Isn't that right, Rochelle?”

“Wha'sh shilly bish talkin' bout?” moaned Rochelle. “We havent' got no dra...
damashic...”

_Shut your mouth! _squeaked the bud in Rochelle's ear. _Say exactly what I
say!_

Even in the throes of extreme alcoholic helplessness, there was one thing
Rochelle Kaitlyn Heath knew instinctively what do do. It was to obey when a
more confident, powerful person gave her an order!

“But I suppose I'd better stop acting, now,” she smiled, managing, with a
supreme effort, not to slur her words. Her head was pounding, but, thankfully,
the room had stopped spinning.

“Yes, I believe you're playing Blanche Dubois at the moment, aren't you?”
prompted Cynthia DeMornay, encouragingly. “In _A Streetcar Named Desire_?”

“Say-that's-right-in-a-deep-South-American-accent,” replied Rochelle, then
groaned, echoing Jayden Walsh-Wilkes's voice as it came through the earpiece.

“Ah, I see, you're telling us the actual stage direction,” said Cynthia,
recovering quickly, and beaming. “I must say, that's most unlike other actors
we have on this program. They're usually very secretive about revealing stage
directions!”

“Yes, that's right, Cynthia. I've always trusted in the kindness of
strangers,” repeated Rochelle, dutifully, wondering why the audience found
that so hilarious. And wondering, too, why that strange Walsh-Wilkes fellow
was making her waffle on about some imaginary white Hebrew riding a bus.

“Thanks for letting me demonstrate a brief sample of my role, here today,” she
repeated, again echoing the earpiece. “You see, Cynthia, at Harcourts, we
believe all work and no play makes Jill a dull girl. We try to provide a fun,
friendly environment for our staff, with lots of extra-curricular activities.
But I'm sure I'm not allowed to go on doing Blanche for the whole interview.
Your wonderful, handsome, erudite Director was quite firm that the main focus
of this interview was to be about our wonderful new home networking system,
right?”

“Yes, that's correct,” smiled Cynthia. “So, Rochelle, tell us about this
wonderful new breatkhrough in technology.”

“Your slip's showing, for heaven’s sake pull your skirt down!” repeated
Rochelle.

“What?” Cynthia was momentarily nonplussed, her eyes darting down to the hem
of her skirt – where not a trace of slip was to be seen.

“No, Cynthia, that's the advertising slogan,” Rochelle repeated dutifully
(though tugging at her skirt, for she was not a _total_ moron!) “You see, the
old fashioned SLIP connections are just not up to standard, for the modern
family, who demands reliable, fuss-free connection. So we're replacing it with
-”

Suddenly, it was if a switch had triggered in Rochelle's brain. If there was
one thing she was able to do, it was talk about the new system. After all, had
the details of it not been dancing around in her mind for the last few weeks?
And did not her commission depend upon selling it?

The fact that she could barely focus her eyes, that the surrounding studio
still occasionally went into a spin, that her head felt as if it was full of
small men pounding the inside of her skull with sledgehammers, that every now
and then two Cynthias appeared before her instead of one - all this counted
for nothing. She found herself launching into a fluent, detailed description
of the new system, fielding Cynthia's objections and questions with ease.

It wasn't until she was three-quarters of the way through the pitch that she
realised Jayden Walsh-Wilkes had stopped prompting her after the words “fuss
free connection.”

“ ...and that's why this home networking system is the one for everyone,” she
finished, to rapt applause.

“Well, Rochelle, I never thought computer networks could be so entertaining,”
said Cynthia DeMornay, and to Rochelle's surprise, it was obvious that she
meant it. She turned to one of the cameras. “Rochelle Heath, Assistant
Marketing Director, Harcourt's HardDrives, ladies and gentleman. We'll be
right back after these messages.”

“Fuck, I never thought the drunken bitch would get through it,” repeated
Rochelle. “Don't repeat that, you silly bimbo!” but, thankfully, her words
were drowned out by the studio applause.

“Austin! Water!” snapped Cynthia DeMornay. “Delaney! Make-up!”

The gaggle of attendants emerged from somewhere off stage, and began attending
to Cynthia's various needs.

“Aveline! Slip!” she barked. Another attendant knelt down and began pushing
the lace of Rochelle's slip upwards, until it was above her skirt-hem.

Suddenly, a slightly disconcerted look flitted across Cynthia's normally
unruffled visage. “Maisie. Brooke. Girdle!”

“Girdle?” queried Rochelle, who had, by now, worked out what this ritual was
all about. “No, it's fine. I'm having a bit of trouble with my slip, but I'm
not even wearing a - ”

“No, but I am,” grimaced Cynthia, as two of her attendants hastened to stand
between her and the audience, and, looking a little embarrassed, the anchor
leaned forward, burrowed up under her skirt and began wrestling down the legs
of a substantial-looking fawn-coloured panty-girdle. “Damn thing's been riding
up on me since the Claudette Pennington interview. I was hardly going to do
this in front of that hunky Jurgen Goering, now, was I?” She smoothed the
skirt of her pale blue suit back into place. “OK, girls, all fixed!”

“And back live,” came the director's voice.

“Welcome back to 1PM,” said Cynthia, slipping seamlessly back into her
professional _persona_. “Now, it's time for the moment I'm sure you've all
been waiting for. With me is Rochelle Heath, Assistant Marketing Director,
Harcourt's HardDrives. Now, we've all seen that Rochelle works for a company
that produces a product that's set to revolutionise home networking, and we've
also seen that she's a brilliant amateur actress. But!” She paused
dramatically. “Can the company she works for also make a contribution to the
welfare of emergent third world nations. To the tune, specifically, of one
hundred thousand pounds – that's right, one hundred thousand pounds,” (she
paused for applause) towards the Edenglassie African Relief Appeal.”

A puzzled look flitted across Rochelle's face. What was going on? Joanne had
been quite clear that Harcourt's were not going to be involved in the obstacle
course.

“Now, as you know,” Cynthia continued, smiling. “Normia-Jane Mortelthen, the
famous Marilyn Monroe impersonator, was to have performed on the show today,
but a customs hold up at Thomas Brisbane Airport has prevented her being with
us today,” (pause for disappointed groans from the studio audience,) “so we've
arranged for her to be with us next Monday, instead. And we'll be replacing
that interview today with a performance from Myrtle Baker, the ninety-five
year old, and still going strong, blues diva. (cheers and applause,) “but we
can hardly expect poor Myrtle to deal with an obstacle course at her time of
life, can we?”

She opened her hands to the audience in an imploring gesture.

“But, as you all know, SETV loves giving money away to worthy causes. And,
hey, the course is already set up. So - what about we ask Rochelle here to
give it a try? Shall we?”

(Massive chorus of YEESSSSS from the audience, totally drowning out the “Hey,
hold on just a second here,” from Rochelle)

“I didn't hear you. SHALL WE?”

(An even louder affirmative chorus.)

Cynthia turned to Rochelle.

“Well, Rochelle? Those poor hungry children in Africa need you. Are you up for
the challenge?”

Even had she been sober, Rochelle would have recoiled from such a task. It was
hard enough keeping her clothes in place in the normal course of a day. The
mess she'd be in after scrambling around in that tunnel - for she now realised
the purpose of the strange contrivance she'd seen the men setting up earlier -
didn't bear thinking about.

But, it came home to her, backing out, after having been asked to to it on
national TV, when she was representing Harcourt's, when all those hungry
Africans were starving.

The world's bravest woman would not have been able to refuse. And if there was
one thing Rochelle wasn't - it was the world's bravest woman!

“Yes, of course, Cynthia,” she repeated, word for word, Jayden Walsh-Wilkes's
voice vibrated in her ear. And then added “And whether I succeed or not, Id
like my fee for today's appearance to be donated to the appeal.”

“You don't get a fucking fee for the advo-tainment sector, you bimbo!” came
Walsh-Wilkes's voice, barely audible above the massive (this time,
spontaneous) audience applause. “_What's that?_ (some mumbling Rochelle
couldn't hear, that resolved as _OK, guess we're stuck with it then. Honestly,
for someone pissed out of their mind, this idiot's pretty quick on the
uptake_, (his voice became clear again,) OK, standard appearance fee to the
charity, even if you fail.”

Swiftly, Rochelle took stock as Cynthia led her towards the mysterious tunnel.
Though she was still feeling the effects of the strange malady that had been
plaguing her since she'd entered the studio (and, which being Rochelle, she
still put down to the 'water' she'd drunk being somehow tainted), and though
her head was thumping, for some reason she didn't feel as nervous as usual.
The fact that she was about to make a total idiot of herself on national TV,
probably end up flashing her panties, never mind her slip, registered as
vaguely understood background information rather than the mind-blowing
humiliation it might otherwise have been.

_I have some urgent messages for you, Ms Heath, _came the squeaky voice in the
earbud. _From a lady called Julianne, a lady called Joanne, and a lady called
Helene, back at your workplace. Julianne says to get your ass back to work the
second your appearance is over. Seems enquiries about your new networking
system are coming in so fast, the staff can't cope, and they need someone else
on the phones. Joanne says not to forget you owe her ten percent of your
commission, and if you don't get that - er, I better not repeat the specific
word – thimble, she'll pull your skirt down in front of the whole office. And
Helene says what's all this - I better not repeat that word, either - about
the company having a drama club?_

“Now, I'm sure you all remember this game,” cooed Cynthia to her adoring
audience. “Yes, that's right. It's 'hunt the thimble,' ” she paused for
applause, then waved her hand towards the tunnel. “We haven't had this one for
a while, have we?” She turned to Rochelle. “OK, Rochelle, here's your
challenge. As soon as the buzzer sounds, you enter the tunnel here. You have
to make your way through it, and come out the other end. And, somewhere in the
tunnel itself is - ” she turned to the audience, spreading her hands.

“The golden thimble,” they chorused.

The studio band added a special chorus of dramatic chords for good measure.

“Yes, that's right,” Cynthia laughed. “The golden thimble. Rochelle, if you
can find that thimble, and then get out of the tunnel at the other end within
one minute - ”

(Another dramatic chord from the band)

“ - the Edenglassie African Relief Appeal will be presented, within twenty
four hours, with a cheque for one hundred thousand Edenglassian pounds!”

(This time the dramatic chord was deafening)

“Yes, that's right, Rochelle. One hundred thousand pounds!”

_ _Rochelle, totally unknown to herself, had entered into that bizarre stage
of drunkenness when you really and truly believe that nothing matters, and
that you can do anything! The tumbler of vodka and brandy she'd chugged, mixed
with the black coffee, water and prairie oyster had somehow combined to put
her at a perfect peak, with her normal nervousness nowhere to be found.

“Are you ready?” asked Cynthia. “On the count of three. One. Two.”

_BZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!_

Rochelle's nylon clad feet skittered on the floor as she shot forward. Whether
it was fear of Joanne's reprisals, the boost given by the knowledge that the
new system was selling so well, or a genuine wish to alleviate the lot of
third world nations might never be known. All she knew was - she was going to
get that thimble, no matter what it took!

Rochelle ducked down and burrowed, feet first, under the opening of the tube.

Instantly, her skirt and slip rucked up above panty-level, and Rochelle
reached out to tug it down, and then

realised that it didn’t matter. No-one could see her intimate apparel through
the canvas anyway!

Surely nothing but good could come out of this! If she could find the thimble,
the people of the emergent African nations would be one hundred thousand
pounds (not to mention her own contribution) better off. And even if she
couldn’t, the publicity would still be good for the company. But she wanted to
find it too, for her own sake.

All her life, she had always been last in athletic competitions… just once she
wanted to come out a winner!

Frantically Rochelle swum through the bunched canvas, reaching out in the
darkness looking for the thimble. By looking at the luminous dial of her
watch, she saw that twenty seconds had already elapsed, and soon the voice of
Taylor Walsh-Wilks confirmed this. The network length of the tunnel seemed to
be infinite, and she could barely see her hand in front of her face. And as
for the elusive thimble - that damned thing could be anywhere!

To add to her difficulties, Rochelle was under a handicap that would not have
beset anyone else. For while

the time allotted was sixty seconds, to Rochelle there would be less time
available. For when it was almost time to emerge, she would have to spend at
least a few seconds getting her skirt back down and her slip back up, if she
were not to suffer even more embarrassment when she emerged. She had become
dishevelled enough just walking and sitting. Imagine the state she would be in
after crawling around on the floor. She blushed even deeper to think of it.

“Twenty five seconds remaining minutes!” came Taylor Walsh-Wilks’ voice.

She continued searching, untangling herself from a persistently clinging piece
of canvas. She had no way of knowing where she was, and where the elusive
thimble might be, and all of a sudden finding it had taken on the status of a
quest. Her motives were not entirely disinterested.

“Fifteen seconds!”

She burrowed on, almost suffocating, as time ticked by!

“That damned thimble must be somewhere!” She moaned to herself, as dramatic
music from the Jerome

Hickey orchestra, the show’s resident musicians, filtered through the canvas.

She was slowing down now, and she knew it. Though Rochelle was tall, and
looked reasonably fit and

athletic, in reality she was anything but! And even if she were not being
hampered by her tight skirt, she did not possess the most supple of bodies.
Her sedentary life had seen to that. Her breath was coming in short pants,
now, and she was sweating under the canvas. She must surely have explored the
whole tunnel by now!

“TEN!” came the count from the audience.

That was it then. She would never find it now, not with just ten seconds
remaining. She had failed yet again. Still, at least she had tried. No-one
could say she had backed away from the challenge.

“NINE!”

Nonetheless, failure rankled.

And that damn skirt was being difficult, too. The act of crawling and
rummaging around under the canvas

had sent it up almost to her waist, and the slip was in little better
condition. Just having her skirt rucked up was bad enough, but this one was so
tight to begin with that it was now cutting of the circulation to her thighs,
as it resolved itself into a tight band a foot or so below the crotch of her
panties.

“EIGHT!”

Rochelle could literally, if not metaphorically, now see the light at the end
of the tunnel. Only a few feet from the far end, where she could see the feet,
high-heeled shoes and ankles, clad in perfectly-fitting grey pantyhose, of
Cynthia DeMornay.

“SEVEN!”

_Well, obviously I missed the damn thimble,_ she thought to herself. _It's
back in the bowels of the tunnel somewhere, for sure. Oh well, at least I'm at
the end, now. And just as well. Any longer in here and I would have
suffocated._

“Are you all right in there, Rochelle,” came Cynthia's voice as she crouched,
calling with mock concern to her.

“SIX!”

_Only a foot or so to go now. Better get this blasted skirt and slip back
down. Don't want to add insult to injury by flashing my panties on national
TV!_

“FIVE!”

Rochelle frantically tugged at her slip and skirt, to the background of the
shout of “FOUR” from the audience.

And as she yanked at her skirt, somewhere in the folds – she felt a small,
perforated object caught up therein!

“THREE!”

_The thimble! _Somehow, it must have got caught up in her skirt!

Rochelle kicked out, straining forward, the shouted “TWO” echoing in her ears.

“ONE,” she heard as she dived from the tunnel, without even enough time to
warn Cynthia DeMornay to get out of the way. Rochelle's momentum took her from
the mouth of the tunnel like a cork from a bottle, sending her cannoning into
the hostess. There was a sickening crunch as both women went sprawling.

Rochelle held the thimble up in triumph, a split second before the buzzer
sounded, and the studio audience erupted into ecstatic applause.

“And she's done it!” shrieked the voice-over, followed by a triumphant chord
from the band.

Rochelle looked down, finding herself crouched over the recumbent form of an
embarrassed-looking Cynthia DeMornay, straddling her as if in the throes of
some red hot passionate embrace, the effect of jumping the hostess' bones
being increased by the fact that the fall had caused Cynthia's skirt to ruck
up around her waist, revealing (as a glance at the monitor behind the audience
confirmed) the fawn-coloured girdle that Rochelle had seen her adjust earlier,
now again rucked and bunched up into a series of ridges from which the
hostess' thighs bulged alarmingly. And due to the fact that Rochelle was still
straddling her, Cynthia was unable to even make an attempt to get her skirt
back down.

The fact that, for once, someone else was showing their underwear while hers
was out of sight was small consolation for Rochelle, as the realisation came
that, to all appearances, she had launched herself at the country's leading
chat-show hostess in a paroxysm of lust. And as if to confirm this, the tinny
voice of Jayden Walsh-Wilkes squeaked in her ear a final time.

_You've got no shame at all, have you, you little hussy!__ _

~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~

