### The Skirt That Strangled Me by Sy Croydon

**Date Added:** 2014-02-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Here's Rochelle again. This time, the klutzy, snobbish, clothing-challenged brunette gets involved in industrial espionage - and also has to deal with a skirt that's just a tad too tight! 

* * *

# The Skirt that Strangled Me

_Or_

**Licensed To Blush!**

** **

_ _

E  
  
---  
  
VEN though she was an Assistant Marketing Director, Rochelle could never quite
shake off a feeling of disquiet whenever she was called to the manager’s
office. It felt so much like schooldays, when she was summoned to the
principal’s room. Even if you knew that you hadn’t done anything wrong, you
found yourself searching your conscience.

It was probably something about Mr Branigan, she decided. Even when you knew
you were performing well in your job, when your sales figures were sky high,
when (it was rumoured) Christmas bonuses were to reach a record level, you
still never felt quite right. No matter how confident you tried to be, how
tall you walked, as soon as you walked into that office, with its imposing
executive-style desk and muted colours, you shrank inside yourself.

Particularly when, like Rochelle, you were a far from confident person to
begin with.

Still, there was nothing for it. She had to make the best of things. As soon
as she had put the phone down, Rochelle shook out her hair and re-tied the
elaborate ribbon that was one of her few concessions to frivolity, stuffed the
folds and wrinkles of her blouse back down into her waistband, gave a quick,
surreptitious smooth of her pantyhose, and walked as slowly as she could
towards the forbidding door of the office, her heart in her mouth.

*****

James Wellington Branigan, Executive Manager of Harcourt’s HardDrives, shifted
in his seat, and moved his gold-plated pen stand a few millimetres to the
left. He ran his thick index finger round his collar, regretting his decision
to skimp on the quality of air conditioning available in the office.

She was a funny girl, that Rochelle Heath. An enigma. Efficient, obliging,
good looking. And she had put her undoubted advantages to good use. Though she
was only in her late twenties, she had already risen to a position of
prominence in the company. Yet to see her manner, you would think she was a
mail-room trainee, and a novice one at that!

She appeared, Mr Branigan mused, to be terrified of conflict. He could see
that some of the other more confident women in the office... Joanne for
instance, or Helene... were forever baiting her, making fun of her.

In some ways he couldn’t blame them, for Rochelle seemed to be a natural
_klutz_. Whatever the poor thing did, something always went wrong. She would
give a sales talk, and get hiccups in the middle of it. Spill ink all over her
clothes right before a tour of inspection by important clients. Trip over
wires with her arms full of papers. And as for her clothing…

Rochelle was one of those people whose clothes seemed to be for ever in
rebellion. No matter how much care she took with her dress, no matter how
expensive the outfit, something always went wrong! Her shirt tail spent more
time out than in. Her slip would show, or ride up into a wad under her tight
skirt. Her bra straps would slide off whenever she wore a sleeveless dress.
The slightest bending would cause her pantyhose to bag at the ankles and
knees. And the unfortunate girl would usually spend much of the day hitching
and tugging and smoothing and generally fiddling, in a desperate attempt to
bring her troublesome clothing back into some semblance of order.

For example, he knew for a fact that Joanne and Helene and some of their
_clique_ were wont to run what they called “The Rochelle Sweepstake” every
time she gave a presentation. The parameters of this competition were simply
to guess how long (in minutes) it would be into the presentation before
Rochelle had to yank at some difficult item of clothing. A few would-be
clever-dicks had opted for the “never” option, but they rarely knew Rochelle
long before abandoning that particular guess. There was always _something_! He
supposed he should have spoken to Joanne and Helene, told them that their
bitchiness was undermining office morale. The only problem was, only last week
he had won a second prize himself!

But now... the game had changed.

For Rochelle was the one that he had to rely on. His only hope. Few of his
employees would have been clever enough, or had the requisite knowledge. The
few others that did would have told him, he knew, to get stuffed. Rochelle was
the only one who combined both qualities in the proportions that he needed.

And here she was now, walking into the office, almost visibly trembling. For
all the world like a schoolgirl in need of discipline. But he fought that
thought back. That was for the evenings!

“Y-You asked to see me, Mr Branigan?”

“Ah, Rochelle. Have a pew.”

She lowered herself into the seat, hanging on to the edge of her avocado-
coloured mini as she did so. There was a brief flash of the top of her
pantyhose before she got herself settled, and then a further few seconds delay
while she straightened her shoulder pads, one of which had somehow ended up
halfway down her sleeve. By the time she had got her upper half straight, the
hose-tops were showing again, and further tugging at her hem was the order of
the day.

At last, however, Rochelle managed to get herself together, and looked up at
him, blushing, a nervous look on her face.

“Are you comfortable?” He asked, trying to put her at ease.

“I’m sorry,” she said, nervously. “It’s just that this skirt is a bit short,
and when I sit down it…”

He waved her to silence. “Never mind, never mind.” He said. He shuffled some
papers.

The trouble was, he was as nervous as her.

“Look, if it’s about that unfortunate incident with Iszo Buscuits…” Rochelle
began. “It really wasn’t my fault. I’d been running, and my panties had ridden
up. I only bent down to…”

“No, it’s OK Rochelle.” Mr Branigan gave his best approximation of a smile, in
a vain attempt to put her at ease.

“And look, I’m sorry my bra-strap was showing all through the visit by the
Minister for Trade, only you see- “

“It isn’t about that, Rochelle.”

“Well, look if it’s about…”

Mr Branigan gave a deep sigh. Suddenly, there was the tiniest of pauses in
Rochelle’s apologetic gabbling. Desperately, he seized the moment.

“Rochelle. Shhhhh!”

“ ...zip was broken beyond repair,” she trailed off, nervousness slowing her
ability to react. “I’m sorry.” Her blush flared up, as it was wont to do in
such situations.

“Rochelle, you aren’t in here because you’re in trouble,” went on Mr Branigan,
gamely. “In fact, you’re one of the best people we’ve ever had in your
position. That big contract you got with O’Leary Constance…”

Rochelle beamed with pleasure, not unmixed with a little guilt. The heel of
her shoe had broken off just as she entered for her meeting with the manager
of that company, and she half suspected that sympathy for her was as much a
factor as her selling skill in gaining that contract. She looked at Mr
Branigan curiously. If she wasn’t in the poo, then what…

“The fact is, Rochelle,” Mr Branigan said, in a soft voice. “I need a _real_
big favour from you.”

“Name it,” Replied Rochelle said, in what she hoped (vainly) was a confident,
go-getting sort of voice.

It wasn’t purely rhetoric either, reflected Mr Branigan. Naming the favour was
probably all he _did_ have to do. Rochelle knew that when the General Manager
asked you to do something, it was to be taken as an order.

“Well, the fact is, Rochelle… keep this to yourself, won’t you… I have a
feeling the opposition has stolen a march on us.”

“How’s that?” She said.

He signalled for her to come closer, and she leaned forward expectantly. The
office chair shifted and skittered sideways as she fell from the edge…

*****

After they had mopped up the worst of the ink, and consigned to the bin the
remains of the china pig desktop ornament that had been a present from Mr
Branigan’s wife, he continued with his story. It appeared that a company
called Cybersparkes, Harcourt’s main rivals in the marketing of computer
ancillaries had developed a new hard drive, that while having similar capacity
to the ones already in use, could be manufactured and sold for less than half
the cost of a conventional unit.

This was a serious matter indeed, and Rochelle’s deep green eyes widened with
shock as Mr Branigan continued to flesh out the story. Cybersparkes had made
no secret of the fact that they intended to wipe out all the opposition…
Harcourt’s HardDrives included! In fact, given the attitude towards security
of the company, it was about the only thing they _had_ made a secret of!

Her eyes grew to the size of dinner plates as he continued with his sorry
tale. Soon, it appeared, they would all be out of a job. Unless Harcourt’s
could develop something similar. Or at least learn something of how it was
made, so that their publicity machine could discredit it.

“You can rely on me, Mr Branigan!” Rochelle said, her air of resolution only
slightly spoilt by having to tug sharply at her skirt. Her pantyhose tops were
on show again. “They’ll be such an effort this quarter, I’ll have the sales
team so fired up that…”

“No, no, Rochelle, I don’t think you understand,” replied Mr Branigan,
wearily. “We can’t trade our way out of this one. There’s no two ways about
it. Somehow, we have to get access to the secrets of what they’re doing…
someone has to get into their database and find out hard facts about this new
drive. Don’t you agree?”

“Of course,” agreed Rochelle, flattered to be taken into confidence in what
was really, she felt, an upper-managerial decision. “Well, thank you for
keeping me in the loop. I’m sure you’ll put someone really expert onto it.”

“That’s exactly what I plan to do, Rochelle. Someone of resource, and
intelligence!”

“That’s good, then. This person will…”

“_You_!”

*****

Rochelle was walking on air when she left the office that day. There was
something difficult to be done, something no-one else could manage… and Mr
Branigan had chosen _her_. Her, Rochelle Heath, whom everyone regarded as
clumsy, pathetic, frightened of her own shadow! _That_ would show Helene and
Joanne! Of course, it wouldn’t, because she couldn’t tell them. But she’d
know, anyway, and that was the main thing. “Someone of resource and
intelligence” Mr Branigan had said! She sang along to the car’s CD player all
the way home.

“I thought it was the best chance.” Mr Branigan confided to the Managing
director. “She’s such a dweeb that no-one could possibly suspect her of
spying. And I’ve told her to go home and change into her tightest skirt, too.
That’ll get ‘em on side. You know how a man can never resist a good looking
gal in a tight skirt…”

*****

There are certain literary rules about an espionage mission. One approaches it
in the dead of night, with rain cascading from the gutters, and dark, sinister
shadows playing across the road. Unfortunately for the considerable sense of
the dramatic Rochelle possessed, it was shortly after morning tea time when as
she approached the neo-modern scattering of cuboid buildings that made up the
Cybersparkes complex.

Nevertheless, she could almost hear the James Bond theme music playing in her
head as she struggled out of the Honda, and looked up at the company sign on
the gate.

Her mind drifted to the guy she had met a week or so before. Ralph FitzAllen
Davies, known for some reason as “Mel.” Their initial meeting had been (as so
many of Rochelle's meetings were) embarrassing in the extreme, and their
second meeting even worse. Yet, somehow, without even knowing it was
happening, she had found herself taking him back to her place, and allowing
him to spend the night there.

Rochelle did not regard herself as a girl with wide sexual experience. Least,
she hadn't been at 11PM that evening. Twelve hours later, she had learned
things the existence of which she had never even suspected. Smoking cigars in
bed was not, she found, the only filthy thing that Mel did. Yet the cigars had
been the only thing she hadn't enjoyed!

She found her mind drifting back to the conversation, after they'd made love
for the fifth time.

_So, what do you actually do, Mel?_

_Me? Oh, you know. A bit of this. A bit of that._

_Yes (blush), that's evident. I mean, for a living._

_Urm, it's kind of complicated, Roche._

_“Don't call me 'Roche'._

_“What? Not even if I do this?”_

_(another blush) “OK then. As long as you answer my question._

_“Well, I... I sort of find things out for people.”_

_“You're a private detective?”_

_“Not exactly. I sort of... get things done that need to be done, for people
who can't otherwise do them”_

Rochelle had persisted, only to find herself twisted into a Gordian knot of
obfuscation. By the morning, she had realised that, by a careful combination
of circumlocution and (somewhat pleasant) distraction, Ralph FitzAllen “Mel”
Davies' had ensured she was still no better informed about his professional
life than before she'd asked the question. Her conclusion (for there was a
strong streak of the dramatic in her psyche) was that he was a secret agent!

Upon reaching this conclusion, two emotions had battled inside her head. The
first was a thrilling sense of excitement. Her - boring, nervous, shy Rochelle
Heath – had a secret agent for a boyfriend. The second had been one of
inferiority. Yes, her boyfriend was a secret agent. And what was she? A boring
desk-jockey, in a mundane, white-collar job with a grandiosely inflated title!
In that case, she concluded with a sinking heart – just how long would he
stick around?

And yet, now, here was she, a spy, just like him. Oh, she couldn't wait to
swap tradecraft secrets! In front of a roaring fire, on a bearskin rug, with
martinis (stirred not shaken – or was it the other way around) to hand! Two
exotic spies in love. It was just like a movie!

She dragged herself back to the present, and parked outside the grounds, in
order to make a quick getaway if needed. She had not spent her childhood
watching spy movies for nothing! She almost fancied she saw Mel nodding in
approval!

Of course, neither Mel, nor Sean Connery for that matter, had ever had to
contend with a skirt that prevented them from spreading their legs more than
nine inches or so, and that bunched up around their stomachs, making their
midriffs look like sausage-skins. Nor a jacket that persisted in swivelling
round and binding them, so that their breasts were skewed at an agonisingly
crazy angle. Nor a slip that persisted in creeping steadily upwards so that
even now, a mere half hour after putting it on, it was already massed into an
uncomfortable wad of nylon that was plainly visible through the thin material
of her skirt.

Hoping that the closed-circuit cameras weren’t on her, Rochelle gave a series
of wriggles as she pulled her jacket back into place, and then spent a good
two minutes smoothing down her slip and skirt and hoping the creases weren’t
too obvious and unsightly. She wondered why she had chosen to wear her new Red
suit for this mission, (she had picked up the terminology quickly), for it was
always giving her problems. But Mr Branigan had been quite emphatic. He had
told her to wear her tightest skirt, and this one certainly fitted (perhaps a
bad choice of words in the circumstances) the bill!

Though (she fervently hoped) there had been no-one to witness her need to
adjust herself, her ingrained shyness was such that she was still pink with
embarrassment as she presented herself at the desk and addressed the plump
blonde receptionist.

“Good morning. My name’s Roch... er, Heather Roche. I’m from the _Edenglassie
City_ _Courier_. I have an appointment to see your Sales Director. It’s
concerning my article on the challenges presented to the computer industry in
the light of…”

To Rochelle’s relief (for she had forgotten the subject of the article she was
supposed to be writing) the receptionist cut her off.

“Ah yes, Ms Roche. Ms Kydd’s expecting you. She’ll just be a few minutes, if
you’d care to sit down.

Inwardly Rochelle cursed. So the Sales Director was a woman. She had worn the
tight skirt for nothing! As serenely as the skirt would allow, she clip-
clopped over to the lounge that was set against the wall opposite the desk,
and lowered herself onto it.

The secretary was one of those cheery souls that are forever throwing out
conversation lines, or asking if anyone wanted coffee. Normally, of course,
Rochelle would have regarded this as a welcome trait of character, but right
at the present time she would have preferred anonymity. For, even apart from
her mission she had developed a sudden and urgent need for privacy.

The problem was mainly caused by her slip. It was her favourite black one, and
she had known it might be a risk for it was a little static prone, but she had
been so confident that morning she had decided to risk it.

Now, she was now learning her error. She had only just yanked it down, yet
already it was shimmying up into folds and ridges along her upper thighs. This
would have been uncomfortable enough as it was, but with the tight skirt the
slightest disarrangement of underwear was visible, and the skirt pushed in,
further cramping the material. Essentially, there was too much slip for the
space allocated to it.

She would have liked to have attempted to sort out the worst of the problem by
smoothing it through her skirt, but so tight and shiny was her outer garment
that she could not get a purchase. She made three attempts, and each time had
been caught by the secretary looking up and asking her some inane question
just as she had reached the most undignified stage of the proceedings. The
third time, to Rochelle’s humiliation, she had asked her if she needed the
toilet!

_Damn it!_ She moaned to herself. _I’m supposed to be a spy. I’ve only been
here ten minutes, and already I’m making myself conspicuous! This _bloody_
slip!_

Rochelle’s nervousness grew, and the wait seemed an eternity. Finally,
however, Ms Kydd emerged from the mysterious inner labyrinth of offices, her
hand extended. She was a tall, Mediterranean-looking woman with long black
hair, small, almost non-existent breasts, a snub nose and deep brown eyes. She
was dressed in a white dress, and white shoes and hose. Her clothes set off
her dark skin perfectly, and fitted immaculately into the bargain. Rochelle
envied her.

“You must be Heather,” she said, beaming and extending her hand. “If you’d
like to come with me?”

After a quick handshake, Ms Kydd headed off around the corner at a fast pace,
and even had she not been hobbled by her too tight skirt, Rochelle would have
found it difficult to keep up. As it was she was forced to proceed at an
undignified shuffle, taking small but fast steps, tottering on her heels, and
desperately trying to hide the disarrangement of her skirt and slip with the
small portable Minidisc recorder that she had brought along for authenticity.

Ms Kydd’s professional smile remained in place, but Rochelle could sense she
was becoming impatient at continually having to look back over her shoulder.
If only she could have had a few minutes in private, Rochelle might have
succeeded in making herself look respectable, but as it was, as well as only
being able to proceed at half-pace, she was becoming more and more embarrassed
at the condition of her clothing.

Not only had her skirt ridden up into a series of circular ridges that defined
every inch of her hips, but her slip was climbing as well, so that in addition
to the bulge of her stomach there was an added mass of bulk that added a
further half-stone of apparent bulk to her form.

_Spies don’t blush_, she repeated to herself under here breath, as if by sheer
force of willpower she could prevent her embarrassment showing on her face. It
didn’t work!

After walking the gauntlet of a number of males who stared appreciatively at
the tightly defined area of her hips and buttocks, Rochelle managed to catch
up with Ms Kydd just as she was keying in the access code of the door of what
proved to be a rather futuristic looking office.

“Now, take a seat, Heather.” Ms Kydd said. “And I’ll… um, are you
comfortable?”

_Really, why does everyone have to keep asking me that?_ thought Rochelle, as
she wriggled precariously, desperately trying to seat herself on the high
executive chair without losing any more of the minuscule dignity remaining to
her. In order to complete the manoeuvre, she had to hike the skirt right up,
giving Ms Kydd a prolonged flash of her legs, and further dragging the slip up
in the process. By the time Rochelle had managed to get herself installed, and
her skirt smoothed down to a respectable level, the slip was a distant memory
somewhere up around her navel.

“Sorry,” Rochelle whispered, blushing scarlet. Ms Kydd seemed amused, but did
not comment further.

Half an hour later, Rochelle was still none the wiser about the plans for the
new hard drive unit.

Had she been quizzed at that point about any other aspect of Cybersparkes’
product range, philosophy, corporate mission or authority structure, she would
have passed the test with flying colours. Ms Kydd seemed almost obsessively
devoted to her work, and was convinced that her company was the best in the
known universe. Rochelle had been loaded with pamphlets, flow charts,
Cybersparks calculators, diaries and biros, and enough information to write a
twenty volume history of the company without having to pad it with clip-art.
But hard as she had tried to bring the conversation round to the new hard-
drive unit, Ms Kydd had been equally… or perhaps more… determined to steer the
conversation in other directions.

By the time the interview had ended, Rochelle had had more than enough about
Cybersparks, the wonderful benefits of the company, and the vision of its
management to last her a lifetime. And enough discomfort from her skirt and
slip to last her several.

The final indignity was that in leaving she had found herself so tightly bound
by her skirt that she was unable to descend from the chair, and Ms Kydd had
had to offer her a hand and help her to her feet, for all the world like
Rochelle was a helpless Victorian maiden… which, in that skirt, was not too
far from the truth!

She made her way back to the car defeated, frustrated and embarrassed. And due
to the pigeon-like steps she was forced to take, the journey seemed to last
forever.

Opening the door of the Honda, she threw the pens, key-rings and other toys
into the glove compartment and paused to consider her next move. She had no
plans to return to work… not in _that_ skirt. Helene and Joanne would be
merciless! For that matter, she did not fancy going anywhere at all. She had
failed in her mission… and it rankled.

After a long struggle, during which she tried every position possible in order
to get into the car, she finally settled on plonking her backside down onto
the seat, and then swinging her legs into the footwell. She sat in the car,
working her slip back down where it should be, and considered her next move.

Rochelle had parked quite near to the boom gate, and as she sat and fiddled
with her troublesome undergarments, a large pantechnicon drew up and the
security guard emerged from his sanctum. In a vain attempt to cool her heated
face, she had opened the window of the car, and could not help overhearing
some snatches of the ensuing conversation.

“Got some red-code parts here. Something about for project cloudburst.”

“Ah yeah, the hush hush stuff,” the guard laughed. “That new data-storage
thing that’s gonna make the company rich. You’ll have to take that to
Blue-44a, mate. Big grey building at the back of the grounds, behind the club
house. You can’t miss it. And make sure you sign the inventory, too. Whole
thing’s shrouded in secrecy.”

The driver scratched various private parts, lit a fresh cigarette and crawled
back into the cab. The next second the truck was rumbling off into the
interior of the compound.

_What a rude woman, scratching herself in public like that_, mused Rochelle.
_Honestly, she –_

And suddenly her mouth flew open in amazement as her brain processed what she
had overheard.

_That new storage thing that’s gonna make the company rich... Big grey
building at the back of the grounds, behind the club house... Whole thing’s
shrouded in secrecy._

Rochelle’s heart was in her mouth. This was it. Her big chance. She had read
of such things happening in books, but had never dreamed she would get such an
opportunity in real life. Summoning up her resolution, she emerged from the
car, taking a good ten minutes in the process (that _bloody_ skirt!) and
trotted off in the direction that the truck had gone at as fast a pace as her
attire would allow her.

Which, to be fair, wasn’t very.

Twenty minutes later, she was hopelessly lost. None of the buildings seemed to
be numbered, and while she had heard the description of the building quite
clearly, the guard had neglected to mention that all of the buildings were big
and grey, and presumably that included the clubhouse!

And as well as her skirt, that damned slip was up to its tricks again. It had
twisted and bunched its way up her thighs until there was an uncomfortable and
unsightly ring of fabric around her upper thighs, stretching the already
straining skirt even further. She was continually passed by employees of the
company, many of whom stared aggressively at her tightly-clad buttocks
undulating under the restrictive skirt, and Rochelle knew that if she didn’t
find somewhere to adjust herself soon people would start wondering if she were
expecting a flood, and had bought her own life-preserver!

Frantically she looked around, seeking a private niche. And for once, she was
lucky. There was a dingy little corridor between two buildings, leading to a
door. It was dark and litter-strewn, but it would do.

The next second she had dived into the space, and was working the skirt up
along her thighs in order to get to her slip. _The blasted thing_, she
mumbled, under her breath. _All day its been shooting up as fast as it could,
and now I want it to go up, the bloody thing won’t! _

After an epic struggle, eventually she managed to burrow her way as far as the
slip, and grabbed the tangled and bulky mass of fabric in her hands,
preparatory to twisting it back into place.

It has already been mentioned that Rochelle had a certain element of
clumsiness in her make up, and the four inch heels did not make things any
easier. As she twisted, yanking at her troublesome underthings, she
overbalanced and fell sideways. She only just managed to stifle a scream as
she fell against the door.

The bar clicked, and the door swung open, propelling her inwards, still
hanging onto the roll of her tangled slip. Her blush clicked into gear, ready
to spread all over her face. This would not have been the first time she had
inadvertently entered a room full of people with her hand up her skirt,
attempting to make a discreet adjustment that eventuated into something
anything but!

For once, however, she was in luck. The room was deserted! There were shelves
everywhere, packed with boxes of parts, clipboards on the walls and nudie
calendars everywhere. But apart from herself, human life was conspicuous by
its absence.

Heaving a huge sign of relief, and in the process doing things to her
voluptuous breasts that would have weakened the heart of any male that _had_
been there to see it, Rochelle completed the process of untangling her slip
and then working the skirt back down.

Revelling in her privacy, she took her time over the process, straightening as
much of the wrinkles out of the crumpled fabric as she could, and using the
flat of her hands to smooth the skirt over her buttocks and hips. By the time
she had finished, she felt almost confident.

_Now to find that bloody building_. She murmured. She was determined not to go
home empty handed.

Just as she was leaving, she chanced to glance at one of the clipboards,
predominantly to avoid the nudie calendar that was pinned next to it.

_ _

_This list not to leave room Blue 44a_

ran the legend.

Rochelle might have danced in triumph – if her skirt had let her!

She ran her eyes around the room. She reasoned that if she took one of
everything, Harcourt’s HardDrives would have enough equipment to build their
own version, or at the very least their technicians would have the means of
seeing what the “wonder-ingredient” was.

Frantically she began to stuff parts into her jacket pockets and down her
sweater. Some of Rochelle’s more daring friends at school had been expert
shoplifters, and Rochelle now found herself pleased that she had listened when
they had discussed tactics.

She soon found that that was not going to work. There were many more parts
than could be secreted in her clothing. A quick search found a sports bag,
presumably the property of the storeman, and she emptied out the collection of
Playboy magazines and sports gear that it contained, and filled it with the
parts.

It took her longer to gather up some of the stuff than she had meant to, for
her skirt was so tight that bending down took minutes rather than seconds, but
finally she felt that she had got one of everything, and turned towards the
door. And her heart leaped into her mouth.

The Sales Manager, Ms Kydd, was standing watching her, arms folded, a
confident smile on her face.

“Are you sure you’ve got everything?” She asked sweetly.

“I... I was... I...”

Ms Kydd advanced towards her, a murderous expression on her face. Rochelle
backed away. Fighting was not her strong suit, especially dressed in clothing
in which it was difficult to even walk. Frantically, she racked her brains for
an explanation. But she knew it was hopeless. There was no story that would
work.

“I’m just about sick of you journalists coming in here and trying this on!”
continued Ms Kydd, still in that calm, measured, almost psycopathic voice that
sent shivers of terror down Rochelle’ spine. “You must think our security
system’s asleep.”

“N-No, I didn’t... honest...” gabbled Rochelle, seriously considering going
down on her knees and begging for mercy... if her skirt would have allowed it.

“For your information, Ms Roche,” continued Ms Kydd “You’ve been triggering
alarms off all over the building. But as soon as I saw you, I could see that
we don’t even need our security guards. I made sure the cameras were turned
off, too! ” She gave an evil grin. “So we can be quite unobserved.”

She looked Rochelle up and down. “Even if you weren’t dressed in a skirt that
makes you look like a saveloy, I could take you any time I liked! I doubt if
you could even defend yourself with those tits getting in the way!”

Even with fear turning her legs to jelly, Rochelle was furious. The crack
about her skirt being too tight was bad enough, but to make personal remarks
about her... her female attributes... as well was just too much. The only
trouble was, she had a dreadful feeling that Ms Kydd was correct about their
relative fighting abilities.

“You’re too pathetic even to hand over to the police,” Ms Kydd laughed. “But
don’t worry. The crap I gave you in the office won’t be the only momento of
your visit here. You’re going to have a big pile of hospital receipts too!”

Rochelle’s rear-end backed against the wall. There was nowhere else to
retreat. She reached into her suit pocket, pulling out a handful of crumpled
small-denominational notes.

“Look, take it. It’s yours.” She pleaded.

Ms Kydd bellowed with laughter.

“I get two hundred thousand quid a year, and all expenses, to do what I do!”
she guffawed. “You think a couple of tenners is going to make any difference?”

“I’ll have you know I’m a Tai-Kwan-Do expert!” Rochelle said, in as aggressive
a voice as she could muster. She flung back her hand to throw a chop, and hit
it on the wall behind her. “Ow!” she hissed, sucking her knuckles.

And then Ms Kydd was on her, gliding across the room like a ninja on speed,
grabbing her in a headlock. Rochelle wriggled frantically, but her feeble
strength availed her nought. Ms Kydd held her in a vice-like grip.

“Please,” pleaded Rochelle, humiliated to be begging for mercy, yet knowing
that it was her only chance of escaping unmaimed. “It was just a... I didn’t
know I was here. I had... I had a blackout. I’ve been ill... “

“You’re going to be even iller.”

Rochelle ground her teeth. Why was it always her that got into these messes.
Just as a drowning person’s life is said to flash by their eyes as they are
about to die, so the last twenty four hours in Rochelle’s life flashed by
hers. Bloody Mr Branigan. Bloody espionage. Bloody, _bloody_ tight skirt! The
fates had it in for her. It was always her that had her clothing embarrass
her. Always her that looked a twit. Always her that found herself in
humiliating situations!

With the hatred of fate that she had been storing up for a lifetime, Rochelle
struck out blindly, connecting with Ms Kydd’s stomach and sending her
sprawling. It was a toss up which of the two women was the most surprised.

Instinctively, Rochelle seized her chance, trotting from the room. Had she
been dressed in a less confining clothing, she might well have made it, but as
it was she had only just mad it halfway to the door before her adversary
caught up with her, Rugby-tackling her from behind, and in a classic mixture
of sporting metaphors, wrestling her to the ground!

“Now you’re _for_ it, Bitch!” The two women rolled in a heap on the floor. Ms
Kydd was stronger, fitter, and a far more expert fighter. But Rochelle was
terrified, and this fear gave her added strength. The fight ranged back and
forth, Rochelle alternately screaming and whimpering and Ms Kydd snarling.

Though she frequently began crash diets in an effort to reduce her executive
spread, Rochelle was far from being a fitness fanatic, and not especially
strong. Therefore, although she managed to hold her own for a few minutes, she
soon found the other woman’s greater strength telling.

*****

Just as she was about to give up, and pretend to black out – for if nothing
else it would be consistent with the excuse she had tried to utilise -
Rochelle’s hand closed on the bag of parts that she had stolen.

She had managed to struggle loose from Ms Kydd’s embrace, (though her skirt
would never give her a hope of making it to the door) as she picked up the
bag, swinging it up from the floor.

“Here, take it. Please. I give up!” she wailed. It had somehow occurred to her
that if she actually went through the act of giving Ms Kydd the bag, it might
be enough to pacify this madwoman!

Rochelle meant to simply swing the bag towards her, but she had reckoned
without the tight skirt. The extra weight of the bag, Rochelle’s ample mammary
development, and the uneven floor all combined to upset her balance. So that
instead of simply handing it across, she pivoted, spun round, and completely
accidentally let her enemy have the bag… full in the stomach.

Ms Kydd collapsed backwards, and with a sickening crack that made Rochelle
wince, hit her head against the stout wall of the storeroom. Her eyes glazed,
and her legs spread as she sank slowly to the floor.

As Rochelle struggled to her feet, the skirt hiked up almost to her waist, the
amazing thought hit her. For perhaps the first time in her life… _she had won
a fight!_

Hastily she gathered her thoughts. Then she smoothed her pantyhose, twisted
her slip back into place, smoothed down the skirt, which had survived the
fight surprisingly well, perhaps because it was already ridged and crumpled
before it started, re-tied her hair ribbon, flung her shoes in the bag, picked
it up and, desperately trying to fight down the trembling that was threatening
to paralyse her, scurried – or rather, wriggled – from the building.

Outside she replaced her shoes, and made her way towards the entrance to the
complex. Her heart thumped as she came in sight of the security guard.

And, still thumping, that particular organ shot into her mouth. The security
guard was approaching her, a worried look on his face.

Rochelle began visibly shaking. Visions of court proceedings, jail, losing her
job (For Mr Branigan was bound to deny any connection with her activities, so
there was no hope of a bail-out there), all jostled for position.

And to think… she had almost got away with it!

And then suddenly she realised the security guard was speaking to her, and she
had missed most of what he had said.

“I’m sorry, what was that?” She asked, her habit of deference too strong to
shake even though this man was about to ruin her life.

“I said, are you all right, miss,” he said, softly. “Only we’ve got an
intruder in the building, you see. I’m sorry you had to be exposed to this on
your visit. I wondered if you needed me to escort you to your car.”

“No, I’ll be fine, thank you,” replied Rochelle. “I’m only parked a few
streets away.” And then essayed a little joke. “You know, when you said
someone had beaten up one of your executives, for a moment I thought you
suspected _I’d_ done it!”

The security man looked down at her tight skirt, in which she could hardly
walk.

“Hardly likely, is it?” he grinned.

Rochelle was so relieved, she forgot to be embarrassed. A few minutes later
she was round the corner and in the Honda, and singing along to the 007 theme
in her head again.

*****

As she had predicted, there was some caustic comments and teasing about the
tightness of her skirt from Helene and Joanne when Rochelle returned to the
office. But she was so excited about her recent adventure that her reaction
was much more confident than usual. So much so that the two women soon gave
up, saving their jokes for when her confidence dropped again, for they knew
with Rochelle this state of affairs couldn’t be permanent!

Just after lunch, Rochelle was called into the Mr Branigan’s office again. And
to her surprise, the Managing Director of the company was sitting in one of
the lounges! Rochelle blushed to be seen in the tight skirt, for through the
course of the day it had certainly not become any looser, or less rumpled!

But even that was all right, for the first thing Mr Branigan said was to ask
his senior to excuse Rochelle’s dress. He explained that it was part of the
plan for finding out the opposition’s secrets!

The managing Director hummed and harred. He puffed out his cheeks, and waggled
his moustache.

“Damned plucky thing, that!” he said. “Loyalty beyond even the call. Good
show.”

He looked almost as embarrassed as Rochelle usually was. “Of course, can’t
recognise it officially, of course. Legalities an’ all that. But I don’t mind
telling you, m’gel, that stuff you got was the goods, all right. We can make a
hard drive as good as theirs now, p’raps even cheaper.”

He turned to Mr Branigan.

“And that little… um, adjustment to Rochelle’s wages we mentioned.”

“It’s already in hand,” said Mr Branigan. “We’re going to add an extra thou to
your salary. Not going to say why of course. So if any colleagues ask, it’s
for breaking the company’s sales record, all right?”

Rochelle hastened to agree.

“Of course, we’re going to have a little presentation,” the Managing Director
added. “Bit of a smokescreen, what!”

And so it was that at four o’clock that afternoon, a small ceremony was held
in the foyer of the building, in which the Managing Director presented
Rochelle with a plaque in official recognition of her sterling work in
increasing sales. Rochelle’s colleagues crowded round her, even Helene and
Joanne pretending to be pleased.

Rochelle was ecstatic. She had triumphed, won a fight, and even her skirt had
stood up to the rigours of the day without any embarrassment. She was amazed…
surely that fight, and all that getting up and down would have weakened the
fibres, or the stitching.

The manufacturers must have really known their job.

Just as he was leaving, after warmly shaking Rochelle’s hand, the managing
director dropped his wallet. Her head still swimming from the (fake) honour,
and the (very real) wage rise presented to her, Rochelle swooped to pick it
up.

And then came the loud, sharp sound of ripping fabric.

And the whole room (except Rochelle) collapsed in laughter.

