### Rochelle Al Fresco by Sy Croydon

**Date Added:** 2014-02-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Rochelle's back - this time causing chaos at the annual company picnic! 

* * *

# Rochelle _Al Fresco_

“F  
  
---  
  
RANKLY, Roche,” said Suzie. “I think you’re becoming just a tiny bit obsessive
about this!”

Rochelle turned this way and that in front of the mirror.

“Suzie, if you were as cursed by the clothing gods as I am, I think you’d
understand. Yes, you may well think me overcautious.” She plucked at her
skirt, realigning it slightly. “Yes, you may even say I’m neurotic.”

“You’re neurotic.”

“You didn’t actually have to _say_ it! Anyway, where was I? Oh yes, you might
even say it’s ridiculous! But the fact is, it’s my new year’s resolution, and
I’m going to stick to it!”

“But we're still in the middle of December!”

“Well, it’s the principal of the thing! I’ve had enough humiliation in front
of the man I love to last me several lifetimes, thank you very much!”

“It really is an obsession with you, Roche,” moaned Suzie. “Get over it!”

“Suzie, I’ve made my decision.” Rochelle gave a final twitch to her new grey
skirt. “It’s based on what they do with new planes and ships. It works for
_them_.”

“But Rochelle, an outfit isn’t a ship!”

Rochelle turned and confronted Suzie, her bright green eyes flashing.

“Suzie, for you it might not be important. _Your_ slip doesn’t ride up when
you’re out with your boyfriend. _You_ never end up inadvertently flashing your
knickers. _Your_ pantyhose never bag. _Your_ suspenders never come off at the
most humiliating moment. Once I was at a swish photographic exhibition and my
skirt came off… there I was hanging from a chandelier with no pants on,
flashing everything! The very first time Mel and I even _met_ I was in the act
of trying to un-scrunch my slip.” Rochelle turned bright red at the memory.

“Yes, well.” Suzie was close to admitting defeat. I’ll admit you aren’t always
lucky with your clothes.”

“Well, the thing is,” continued Rochelle, smoothing her jacket. “I didn’t get
to be an Assistant Marketing Director without knowing the value of being
prepared! So I’ve _decided_. No more putting on a new outfit for a special
date, only to find it’s too big, or too small, or too tight. Or rides up, or
creeps down! From now on I’m going to road-test every new thing I wear!

Suzie loked Rochelle up and down.

“I must admit, it’s a nice outfit,” She said. “But if it _does_.. erm, give
problems, won’t it be embarrassing wherever it is?”

“Oh it’ll be embarrassing,” Rochelle admitted, tying her elaborate hair-bow
with a flourish. “But if an outfit’s going to humiliate me, I’d sooner it be
at work, bad as that is, than when I’m with Mel.”

She gave the hem of her jacket another series of sharp tugs. “Anyway, I’m not
giving any presentations today, and not going on any calls. All I have to do
is sit behind my desk, and no-one need see if anything goes wrong. I’m going
out with Mel tomorrow night, and tomorrow itself is the day of the company
picnic, and we’re all wearing casual clothes. So I’m taking the opportunity to
wear everything new today.”

She straightened her shoulder pads. “My new peach slip, my new grey suit, the
red blouse I bought yesterday, these sheer stockings with my new suspender
belt… and if anything does go wrong, no-one need ever know. And I’ll know not
to wear that thing when I go out with Mel. _Et_ _Voila_.. no more embarrassing
moments when I’m with him.”

“I still say you’re tempting those gods,” laughed Suzie. “Wearing suspenders
to work!”

But Rochelle was singing to herself as she let herself out. “At last,” she
trilled. “No more date-humiliation. I wonder why I never thought of this
before…”

*****

By the time Rochelle pulled her Honda into the underground car park, she was
starting to feel better and better about her decision.

For her precognitions about her new outfit were proving depressingly correct.
One of her sheer stockings had already slipped down out of its supposedly
attached suspenders, her skirt, she now realised, was far too loose at the
waist (for once she was managing to stick to her diet), causing her blouse to
buckle untidily around her middle, and as for her slip… she had paid extra for
an anti-static one, and for the hundredth time wished that her shyness would
allow her to storm back into the shop where she had bought it, slam it down
upon the counter and demand her money back on the grounds that the garment had
failed to live up to its claimed virtues!

And, as so often when Rochelle experienced clothing difficulties during the
drive to work, she was faced with a dilemma.

Of course, even the most self-confident girl (and Rochelle was far from that)
would hesitate to adjust her clothing in the middle of an underground car
park, for security cameras were as prevalent in her home town of Edenglassie
City as anywhere else in the world.

On the other hand, the route to the bathroom was a long way, and she would be
bound to pass a colleague… in which case she definitely did _not_ want her
stocking to be winding forlornly down her leg, her slip rolled up into a
doughnut around her midriff and highly visible through her skirt, and her
shirt-tail flapping in the wind!

And the lift was fraught with its own particular hazards as well… on many
occasions she had attempted to take advantage of the few moments privacy
between the basement and the tenth floor to reconcile her sartorial
emergencies, and been caught in the act when at the most revealing point
possible. Besides, there was just too much disarrangement for her to have
enough time in this case.

So, the carpark, the bathroom and the lift were out. It would have to be the
car itself.

Honda, as a _marque_, possesses many virtues, but even its most fervent
supporters would have to concede that an excess of roominess is not one of
them. Of course, there is ample room even for a tall girl like Rochelle to sit
comfortably behind the wheel, but the car, as its designers would no doubt be
perfectly willing to admit, was simply not designed for callisthenics. The
physical gyrations needed to tuck in a troublesome blouse, wriggle down a
peripatetic slip and re-fasten a recalcitrant suspender demand a far greater
zone of exclusion. With the result that Rochelle, no matter how much she
tugged and hitched and smoothed, soon found that she was making little headway
in the matter of improving her self-presentation.

Finally, her frustration gave her wings, and, face pink (for though there was
no-one to see her, the sheer humiliation of the situation was getting to her)
she kicked out madly, yanking savagely at her stocking, with her skirt’s waist
unfastened as part of the process of tucking in her blouse.

However, since her legs were bent up well clear of the floor at this time, she
kicked the central boss of the steering wheel, and the horn began its
caterwaul, a loud screeching sound designed to clear Japanese roads of Datsuns
and Toyotas. Other arrivals, debarking from their cars, swivelled their necks
to see a car, containing a partly undressed girl screaming its presence to the
enclosed sky!

Frantically, Rochelle pumped the horn, exerting her feeble strength to the
maximum. It was no good… her kick had been far stronger than the gentle
pressure normally required to work the device, and the horn-button was now
edged firmly in it’s surround, and would not budge. The horn continued, a
siren-song of which any Lorelie would have been proud… and grinning co-workers
gathered as Rochelle scrambled form the car, her stockings undone (for the
other one had joined its partner in an encouraging show of solidarity), and
her blouse out of her waistband.

“Don’t just stand there, _help_ me!” She wailed, scrabbling for the bonnet
with both hands… which was something of a mistake. For her undone skirt, now
with nothing to hold it at the waist, slid down a foot before she managed to
catch it. By which time she had no need to use her hands, for the tangled bulk
of her slip would have prevented it getting any further anyway. Scarlet with
shame, Rochelle readjusted herself while two security guards, attracted by the
commotion, yanked the horn-wires from their sockets.

*****

By the time she had reached her office and scuttled behind her desk, still
fighting desperately to control her blush, smoothed and fastened both
stockings, pulled down her slip, and tucked in her blouse, it was already half
an hour past starting time. Yet Rochelle was amazed to notice that there was
no sound of work coming from the cubicles around her.

Mystified, she stood up and peered over the top of the partition. And was
amazed to see all of her workmates gathered in a bunch in the foyer. And what
was all the more mysterious… all were dressed in shorts or denim, with
t-shirts or other items of casual clothing.

What was going on… was this some sort of surreal dream? The day had certainly
been nightmarish enough so far!

“We’re only waiting for Rochelle, now,” came Julianne’s voice. “Has anyone
seen her?”

“What’s going on?” Rochelle asked, emerging from her cubicle.

“Ah, Rochelle, _there_ you are!” Mr Branigan said, looking up. “Paying an
early sales call, eh? That’s the spirit! See, you lot, one of our team’s on
the ball… even on picnic day!”

“Picnic day?” Rochelle asked, walking gingerly… for though she had only just
fastened them, she was by no means sure of her stockings. “That’s tomorrow…”

A giggle came from the assembled staff. Rochelle had got it wrong again!

“Oh Rochelle,” said Mr Branigan. “Didn’t you hear my announcement yesterday?”

Rochelle found herself flushing again. On the day before she had been
experiencing difficulty with a particularly uncomfortable bra which insisted
on riding up until the underwire was cutting into her large breasts, and had
retired to the toilet to ease her discomfort.

When she had emerged into the office she had seen all of her co-workers
gathered around Mr Branigan while he made one of his mind-bendingly boring
“special announcements”, of which she had only heard the end. It had not
worried her too much at the time. _After all_… She had reasoned. _I _am_ the
Assistant Marketing Director! If it’s important, he’ll tell me! _

It was only now that she was realising her mistake. For, she now learned, the
announcement was not some yawn-making chat about a new floppy-disk carrying
case or an exhortation to double this week’s sales figures, but a very
important piece of news indeed… that due to a planned bus strike, the office
picnic, originally scheduled for Friday, had been moved forward one day.

“Mr Branigan,” she said. “I wonder if I might have a word.”

“You can tell me on the bus.” Mr Branigan laughed.

“Well, I _can’t_ actually. It… it won’t take a minute.” She drew him away to
the corner.

*****

“Well, if you feel that way Rochelle, you do.” Mr Branigan said, curtly. “I
can’t _make_ you go to the office picnic. It’s your career, after all…”

“My _career_?” Rochelle’s face, usually prone to blushing, turned white.
What’s my _career_ got to do with it?”

“Oh, well, it’s just that the directors of the company always attend, as you
know. And, well…” Mr Branigan looked almost embarrassed himself. “If you
aren’t there, they might ask where you are. And if I had to say you chose not
to attend… you know how they are on team-building, and all that…”

“But they’d hardly notice, would they? This company employs hundreds of
people.”

Mr Branigan scratched his neck, and made a face… a sure sign that he was
searching carefully for his words.”

“Well, it’s just that… well, Rochelle, they tend to remember _you_!”

Rochelle blushed scarlet. The fact was, even in casual clothes, she tended to
be what her best friends would have called “unlucky”… the year before, for
example, she had worn a strapless tube top, in which she had looked, even her
enemies had had to admit, stunning..

Until, during the obstacle race, and unnoticed by Rochelle (though not by
everybody else, particularly the male members of staff) the tube had slipped
downwards, gathering in a hop of material around her waist and stomach. And
since her bra had already ridden up clear of her nipples…

The year before, she had worn her jeans and a white T shirt. But being
paranoid about her appearance, she had decided to take all precautions to
prevent the latter garment riding up. She had tucked it into the waist of her
hi-cut panties, and then forgotten that the jeans were slightly loose at the
waist and had a tendency to slip down… with the result that for most of the
afternoon her black panty-elastic had shown over the top of the waist of her
jeans. It had taken one of the more chivalrous members of the board to point
out her sartorial disarrangement to her… a memory that still made Rochelle
blush!

The year before, her first with the company, she had worn her tight white
shorts… only to have to spend the whole day tugging them back down, as they
continually shot up above what any girl would have regarded as the modesty-
line… with the result that she gave the appearance of sheltering two bald-
headed men, head-down and wearing pink bandannas, (provided by her panties),
under her outfit!

In fact, Rochelle could never decide which memory of the office picnic was the
most humiliating. The only thing on which she was emphatic was that whenever
she thought of any of them she would blush beet-red, even if her clothes
happened to be behaving themselves at that moment.

And there was the rub. They weren’t.

“Oh Mr Branigan, I can’t possibly go on the office picnic, this year…”
Rochelle began, and then stopped short at her boss’s quizzical look.

_You see, I have on a pair of suspenders that are simply not up to the job of
holding up my stockings, and if I even walk quickly… never mind run races or
play games… my stockings come cascading down my legs. And this hem of this
slip seems to regard it as its mission in life to make contact with my
midriff. And when those articles aren’t doing their embarrassing thing, which
isn’t often, my shirt-tail keeps on popping out at the back and making me look
like a total dag._

She said none of this, of course. It was bad enough that such things were
happening… there was no way she could have brought herself to articulate the
fact!

“…I have a lot of work to do here,” she finished lamely.

“Nonsense, Rochelle!” Mr Branigan laughed. “All work and no play makes Roche a
dull girl.” He giggled at his own witticism, and Rochelle joined in. He was,
after all, her boss! Rochelle heaved a deep sigh, which caused her large
breasts to joggle excitingly, and her blouse shot out of her waist again. But
she resigned herself to the trip. “After all, it’s a day away from the
office.” She reasoned. “A day in the sun. Surely it can’t be _that_ bad!”

*****

A half hour later, she realised that it could!

The slip had began to ride up as she walked up the steep steps onto the bus,
and had given her no peace ever since. She had been unfortunate enough to be
sitting in an aisle seat, and though she had attempted to be as discreet as
she could about restoring herself to a reasonable level of comfort, she had
already been caught three times in the act of tugging at it. The first had
been by the good looking young trainee from accounts, the second by Helene (it
would be!), and the third by one of the senior members of the board, who had
raised his bushy eyebrows and said nothing.

Her blush had started up when she had first boarded the bus, and realised that
the slip’s corrugations and ridges could be seen through her skirt, and her
face had grown steadily redder as her slip had worked higher, and as more and
more people had discovered her predicament. She had longed for something to
take her mind of her humiliating situation, and her wish had been granted… but
in the worst possible way!

For the vibration of the bus had caused all four suspenders to slip off again,
and she knew that as soon as she stood up she would, once again, make a total
spectacle of herself. Rectifying the situation was impossible… to fling up her
skirt and fiddle with her underwear was a thing totally beyond Rochelle’s
_savoir-faire_, even among friends. To do so in a closed bus, surrounded by
people just waiting for her to make a total fool of herself (along with most
of the company hierarchy) was beyond consideration.

Rochelle squirmed in her seat, as her embarrassment fought with her rage.
_Other_ girls’ slips didn’t ride up into a bunched mass around their stomachs.
_Other_ girls’ suspenders didn’t slip off, and cause them the shame of having
their stockings slide down into a scrunched mass around their calves. _Other_
girls’ blouses didn’t bunch up into concertinas whenever they dared breathe
heavily. Why was it always _her_!

And she could see Helene nudging Joanne, and whispering something in her ear.
_About my clothing trouble, no doubt! _ Rochelle mused to herself. _Bitches!_
She would have longed for the trip to end… except that then she would be even
more embarrassed, having to alight clutching her stockings with both hands,
and unable to prevent her slip creeping up even further!

_ Bloody slip! Bloody stockings! Bloody blouse,_ she thought to herself,
grinding her teeth.

_ Bloody, _bloody_ office picnic!_

*****

Finally, the bus reached its destination… a picnic ground alongside the
picturesque Migrah dam, a place that in any other circumstances would have
made Rochelle sigh with pleasure at its beauty. It was a large, placid lake,
formed by a river swollen by a large industrial dam, and with a rather
romantically dramatic waterfall further along, where the river coursed past
the dam and cascaded down into a lower lake… looking rather like the sort of
rapids that far more sportingly inclined people than Rochelle were wont to
shoot in a canoe. Rochelle made up her mind to avoid that at any price!

Outfit wise, things were even worse than she had anticipated. She had been
attempting to leave among a crush of people, in the hope that they would form
an _ad-hoc_ “modesty shield” for her sartorial disarrangements… but the
tactic, as Rochelle’s damage-control ploys so often did, had backfired.

For the serried ranks of people had been so cramped that one of her colleagues
had been unable (or perhaps, if it were Helene or Joanne, unwilling) to avoid
stamping on the back of Rochelle’s shoe, half-pulling it off and causing its
wearer to pivot wildly, and then sprawl in the most ungainly fashion possible
onto her back as she fell down from the high platform of the coach.

Rochelle tumbled onto the soft grass, her thin legs kicking in the air, both
shoes flying, and her skirt up around her waist, leaving those few of her
colleagues who didn’t yet know that her slip had ridden up no longer in any
doubt. In fact so far up had the garment reached, that her dark-blue panties
were plainly visible. Hastily Rochelle flung down the skirt, but the damage
had been done. Particularly as Helene had brought her video-camera, and was
scuttling around trying to find the best angle for the shot, while all the
time the camera’s motor was whirling frantically!

And in addition to her colleagues, there were two more busloads of people, one
with a banner on the side announcing themselves as the Overwood Nature Lovers,
the other full of young children who, despite the best efforts of their
teachers to quiet them, cheered from the open windows and doors at the sight
of this dignified adult making such a fool of herself!

Rochelle gave a shriek, and, her stockings flapping around her legs, and her
slip deciding on making an attempt at her neck, scuttled off towards the
bushes. The laughter of her colleagues followed her, as, her face scarlet, she
sought out the nearest bush thick enough to provide cover for her attempts to
make herself respectable!

Frantically she flung up her skirt, fiddling with her stockings. Had Rochelle
been less distrait, the refastening of the errant suspenders would have been a
simple procedure. However, so upset was she that she fumbled and fiddled,
twice letting the fiddly clips slide form her grasp and having to begin the
whole procedure again.

By the time she had the neurotic suspenders fastened and the stockings
smoothed up, the slip wriggled back down into position, and her blouse stuffed
back into her waistband (including the undignified procedure of having to dive
her hands up under her skirt to pull it down into a smooth position without it
rolling at the waist), nearly half an hour had gone by, and as so often
happens at these outings, the people had coalesced into small groups, chatting
in a desultory fashion, as if not fully realising that, for a short time at
least, they were free from the mundane world of deadlines, meetings and
paperwork.

Rochelle found herself approaching the picnic area by a rather circuitous
route, in order to avoid Helene and Joanne, who no doubt would not lose the
opportunity to tease her about her clothing problems (and, she realised with a
sinking heart, by now the story of the car-horn would have spread all over the
office too).

Her wanderings took her past a large blue skip, backing onto a clump of ghost-
gums, on the other side of which she could just make out a mass of figures. As
she passed, she could just see, through the foliage, the bodies of Cynthia,
Jack and William, three of the staff from accounts, who she knew only in
passing. Since they were intent upon their conversation they could not see
her, and although she did not intend to eavesdrop she could not help hearing
part of her conversation.

“Ass over tip, she went,” Jack was saying. “Legs up in the air…”

“What… those skinny shanks of hers?” William laughed. “Poor little thing, bet
she looked utterly ridiculous.”

“And you know how she always wears slips?” Cynthia giggled cruelly. “Well, she
had a peach one on, and it was all tangled up round her tummy, and you could
see her knickers. And her sussies had gone too, and her stockings were all
bunched round her legs. It was hilarious!”

“Bet she regrets wearing those!” William said. “Honestly, she must be mad.
Wearing that get-up to an office outing!”

“Oh, I doubt she’ll have ‘em on long,” chortled Cynthia. “She’s not the sort
of girl to face a thing like that out. She’s probably whipped them off by now.
She’ll hardly go the whole day having to yank up her skirt and do them up
every ten minutes!”

“I doubt we’ll see the snobbish bitch at all!” Jack agreed. “I doubt she’ll
join in any of the games. Stuck up cow… honestly you’d think she had a poker
stuck up her ass, the way she goes on!”

Rochelle fumed. How _dare_ these people… people who hardly knew her at that…
comment on her clothing difficulties? And, for that matter, presume that she
would be so frightened of what people might think that she would change her
attire just for them? And most of all, call her a stuck-up cow!? A casual
spectator could almost have seen the steam clouds rising off of her as she
stumped her way back to the picnic area, a look of rage on her normally placid
face.

As she walked, a resolve formed in Rochelle’s normally unresolute mind. So,
she was a snob, was she? Frightened of having them laugh at her stocking
trouble, eh? Too uptight to join in games. Well, wouldn’t she just show them!

There and then, Rochelle determined to wear her stockings the whole day, no
matter how they behaved. And to join in every game and activity that was
going.

As she made this vow, her back became straighter and her stride quicker and
more confident. By the time she had almost reached the area where the food was
spread out, she was walking quickly, swaying her hips and swinging her arms,
as if she had recently completed her twelfth year of service in a particularly
crack division of the military!

Unfortunately, her suspenders were not quite up to the job of maintaining this
image, and before she had gone more than a few strides her stockings were
winding forlornly down her legs again!

By the time she had dived behind yet another convenient clump of trees,
adjusted herself, and returned to the picnic spot, most of the delicacies
supplied by the company had been eaten. She had to make do with a fatty piece
of cold beef that everybody else had rejected, the pastry from a sausage roll,
(The sausage had , for some mysterious reason, never reached its intended
home), two rather squashy tomatoes that had been at the bottom of the esky and
half a trifle, that Julianne had generously saved for her. Sadly, Rochelle had
to conclude that so far, her day at the picnic had not been an unqualified
success.

*****

The one commodity on which she was not forced to stint herself, however, was
cheap champagne, which, it was rumoured, the directors of the company bought
by the barrel, and paid the office boys to decant into discarded bottles that
previously had contained a more pretentious vintage.

With her meagre fare, she managed to consume three glasses, and then as the
company sat around telling jokes, smoking and dozing after their heavy lunch,
another two.

Rochelle was not known for her tolerance to alcohol, and already she was
feeling pleasantly woozy. As the alcohol hit, the determination to restore her
social reputation grew, and by the time that the first of the games was
announced… a running race… everyone was surprised to see that she was one of
the first to volunteer!

Rochelle left her shoes with Mr Branigan and took her place with seven or
eight of the other women, crouching as she waited for Julianne to drop her
handkerchief for the off. So keen was she that she shot into the lead as soon
as the race started, charging wildly for the rope swung between two trees that
marked the finish. Instantly her slip rolled up into a tight band around her
upper thighs, but she ignored it, her whole will focused upon victory. Before
she knew where she was, she was only a few yards from the end, and still with
a narrow lead.

Then- disaster. The frantic pumping of her legs caused those damn suspenders
to slip again, and she felt the tell-tale rubbing of twisted nylon along her
legs. She bent to grab them, trying desperately to fasten them as she ran, and
though she finished the course it was in a disgraceful last place. Laughter,
both sympathetic and derisory (depending upon whose laugh it was) followed
her, as she trotted over the line, blushing furiously. Rather than stop
running, she continued, sprinting her way towards the toilets, where she again
restored herself to a temporary dignity.

By the time she had managed to refasten and straighten her various articles of
troublesome clothing and, by means of some cool water, cooled the frantic
blushing of her cheeks and forehead, all of the running races were completed!

Rochelle was furious. She _had_ tried to take part, she had done her best. It
wasn’t her fault if her slip was riding up, and her stockings wouldn’t stay
put! It wasn’t fair. She would have liked to have seen Cynthia (who had won
the race) do so well if her slip was misbehaving like that, and her stockings
cascading down her legs. Of course, Cynthia had been wearing baggy shorts and
a tank-top, but to Rochelle that was hardly the point!

She emerged from the toilet, her heart heavy. Why was it always _her_ that had
these problems?

“Hey, Roche!” came a voice from behind her. “You’re just the person we need!”

Rochelle looked round to see Julianne approaching behind her.

“It's Staff against Management in a tug of war,” she said. “We’re a person
short. We need you in the line up.”

There was nothing Rochelle would have liked less than to subject her body… not
to mention her outfit… to the rigours of a tug-of-war. Why, she had already
been fighting a tug of war with her stockings and slip ever since the day had
begun! But her new resolve took over, and without really thinking about it she
found herself agreeing. She slipped off her jacket (rather reluctantly, for it
revealed her rippled and bunched-up blouse) and walked with Julianne to the
patch of grass on which the event was being held.

A few minutes later, and she was gripping the rope, Helene behind her and
Julianne, Joanne and Nicolette in front. The opposition… five rather healthy
looking ladies from human resources… looked confident and strong.

“If you lose us this, Rochelle,” mumbled Helene. “I’m going to stuff you in
the nearest wheelie-bin.”

“I’m not frightened of you,” muttered Rochelle. Untruthfully, for she knew
that Helene was far stronger than her, and could easily beat her in a
catfight. Usually, the dignity required in the office meant that Rochelle was
safe, at least from this particular humiliation, but on office picnic day,
when everyone let their hair down (and poor Rochelle her stockings as well),
anything could happen!

Though, to Rochelle’s credit, it was not simply fear of her colleague that
gave her strength. She was determined to put the humiliation of the carpark,
the bus ride and the race behind her and emerge from the day with at least one
small triumph. So much so that as soon as the event began, she began hauling
with a will, her large breasts jumping and flapping under her blouse, her thin
legs scrabbling for grip in her stockinged feet, and her hair flapping wildly
in the breeze as it escaped from its confining ribbon.

So evenly matched were the two teams that it was actually the state of
Rochelle’s attire that might have decided the event. Whenever Rochelle was at
her full strength, her side had the slightest of advantages, so that the
opposition were being pulled steadily towards the line that had been scratched
in the dirt. However, one member of the sales side, and there are no prizes
for guessing her name, was continually having to take one hand from the rope
in order to tug at her recalcitrant slip, or yank at her baggy stockings, and
in those brief respites the Staff team managed to claw back the ground
previously gained. Spectators cheered this side or that, and bets began to
change hands as the advantage swung back and forth.

“Keep your bloody hands on the rope, Rochelle!” Hissed Helene. “We would have
had them that time but for you!”

“_My stocking’s gone_!” Wailed Rochelle from the corners of her mouth. “_And
my slip’s all bunched up_!”

Then Helene did something that superficially at least appeared totally out of
character. For, as Rochelle pulled and heaved, she sensed that Helene had
moved closer to her and was whispering in her ear.

“I’ll stand right behind you to hide you,” She said. “No-one’ll be able to see
your slip. And if we win this, I’ll distract attention so you can do your
suspenders up!”

Rochelle was so surprised that she almost dropped the rope! For Helene, who
normally never supported Rochelle, whose only delight was to embarrass her as
much as possible, to give her succour and aid in this way was unprecedented.
Rochelle suspected a trap… and then realised that so competitive was her
colleague that she could not bear to lose even a tug of war between office
colleagues.

Suddenly, a number of incidents from their mutual past fell into place in
Rochelle’s mind. She had always wondered why Helene had been so bitchy at
certain times… until she remembered that those had been the times when the
marketing section, of which Rochelle was assistant director, had been praised
or had topped the sales figures. Why, when Helene won the monthly performance
contest she had often been almost nice to Rochelle, even to the extent of
sometimes ignoring the latter’s clothing trouble.

It was simply that Helene was so determined to win at everything she attempted
that losing plunged her into anger and depression.

“_Pull_, Roche!” Helene hissed. And then, rather than threat, inspiration
seemed to strike her. “_Please_! We can’t let those menials beat us. We’ll
hear about it all year!”

The _please_ was what did it. Rochelle found herself becoming stronger,
pulling even harder on the rope. Her bunched up slip, her flapping shirt-tail,
the fact that her suspenders were only hanging on by a hairsbreadth, vanished
from her mind. Her whole mind was concentrated upon victory.

Suddenly, as she strained and pulled, the rope moved towards her a half-inch
in a single movement. The enemy were weakening. All five of the sales team
sensed it, and all of the opposition too, for even the spectators could see
that they were losing heart. Suddenly, Helene gave a mighty heave, and her
whole team shot backwards, pulling the enemy over the mark.

The victors tumbled in a heap, cheering in triumph. Joanne cannoned into
Rochelle, knocking her off her skinny legs and causing her to sail over
Helene’s body, somersaulting wildly.

Spectators cheered, laughed, and clapped, and the male members of the sales
team rushed towards their female colleagues, waving their hands in triumph as
if it had been they that had won the match. What was particularly surprising
was that Helene immediately went into a victory dance, waving her hands above
her head and screaming, attracting so much attention that Rochelle not only
had time to re-clip her suspenders and smooth her slip, but was even able to
push her errant blouse back into her waist as well!

When the time came for the managing director of the company to present the
prizes - bottles of vintage port which, unlike the champagne were of a
genuinely good vintage - Rochelle looked (temporarily at least) immaculate.

She wandered from the area in a daze, passing a group of the children from the
bus, who were gathered around a dinghy which they were obviously preparing for
a sail on the lake. For once she, the unathletic, klutzy, ineffectual Rochelle
had actually been on the winning side in a trial of strength.

Her head was in the clouds as she wandered through the recreation ground, down
to the lake.

“Hey, lady!” came a juvenile voice from behind her. “Yer nylons are hanging
down.”

Rochelle froze. It was one of the children… one of those who had been cheering
at her earlier undignified tumble. Too embarrassed to look round at the source
of the voice, she allowed her gaze to swing down to her legs… where, as the
child had said, those damned stockings had come adrift again, and were coiled
loosely along her legs.

Too humiliated even to reach down for them she charged towards the boat sheds,
her face moving rapidly from pink to scarlet, as she again sought cover. Poor
Rochelle’s peace of mind never lasted long!

Hastily she sought cover behind the sheds and began fiddling under her, by
now, wrinkled skirt. What cheek. That child couldn’t have been more than
twelve years old… to make her look a fool like that by calling out in front of
his friends. Wasn’t there any chivalry left in the world, even among the
young?

Savagely, Rochelle tugged at the suspenders, her whole mind concentrated on
the task of once again restoring some dignity to her appearance. Her tongue
protruded from her generous lips in concentration as she wrestled with the
complexities of the belt and the roll of the hosiery, determined to make
things as secure as possible.

“And in the Eucalypt tree is a perfect example of the flying fox, the Latin
name being… _bloody_ _hell_!”

Rochelle looked up, her lips formed into an “o” of surprise and humiliation.
She had thought herself safe from prying eyes, and had neglected to keep her
usual look out for anyone who might discover her in her dishabille.

Now a whole troupe of nature ramblers had caught her with her skirt up round
her waist, and her slip as well for she had not yet got around to restoring it
to its rightful place! Many of them were grinning, others looking shocked, and
one or two gentlemen were even looking away, for which she was grateful. The
nature ramblers moved off, though it was a possibility that at least some of
them were unable to concentrate in their wildlife studies for the rest of that
day, while for others it was possibly the best days spotting of exotic
wildlife that they had ever experienced.

Her face on fire, Rochelle walked along the side of the lake, fighting back
tears. It was bad enough for her work colleagues to see her in such an
undignified pose, but for outsiders as well… that was the very limit!! She was
writhing with shame as she walked aimlessly along the waterside, cursing her
slip, her suspenders, her stockings, whoever had invented office picnics, and
children and nature ramblers everywhere.

Still, the office picnic couldn’t last for ever. They were due to go home at
four. She looked at her watch… why there were only…

shit…

three hours to go!

*****

“Hey, Roche!”

It was Julianne again, no doubt trying to rope her into yet another
undignified event to which her suspenders and slip were not equal. Why
couldn’t the silly creature leave her alone? Julianne stood with Joanne,
beside a punt which looked, even at this distance, most unseaworthy. Or even,
and this was an even more salient point, _unlakeworthy_!

“Come for a trip to the other side of the lake, Roche,” Julianne continued.
“I’ve paid for the hire of the punt, it seems a shame for it to be half
empty.”

Rochelle opened her mouth to decline the offer. About the last thing she
fancied right then was a trip in a boat… particularly with the breezy Julianne
and her hated enemy, Joanne.

But then she paused to consider the situation. After all, the breeze across
the lake might help to cool her burning cheeks, and she would certainly be
able to avoid the crush of people, all of whom seemed to be regarding her as
part of the afternoon’s slapstick entertainment! Out there on the water,
precocious brats, nature-loving voyeurs and snickering colleagues would be far
away. And what could Joanne do to her on a boat? Especially since Julianne was
in attendance.

Rochelle walked down to the punt and clambered in, her stockinged feet sliding
on the deck of the punt, which rocked and swayed in the water.

“Careful, Roche,” Julianne laughed. “You’ll have us in the drink.”

Eventually, Rochelle was settled, though to her embarrassment she was forced
to again tug and heave at her recalcitrant slip before she was sitting
comfortably, and Joanne was visibly smirking.

“Does anyone know how to work this thing?” Laughed Julianne, holding up the
pole.

“I vote Rochelle does the poling!” Joanne said.

“No, I don’t think…” Rochelle began.

“I _said_… I vote _Rochelle_ does the poling!” Joanne repeated, menacingly.
Rochelle shrank inside. She was almost as frightened of Joanne as she was of
Helene. Either could comfortably beat her in a catfight… and Joanne in
particular was quite capable of contriving a situation where Rochelle was
caught in an even more humiliating position than had happened on the outing so
far.

“Yes… yes, I’d like to do the poling,” lied Rochelle, embarrassed to reveal
that she was frightened of her colleague. She was, after all, an adult. And an
Assistant Marketing Director at that! “It looks like fun!”

“But keep to this part of the lake!” Julianne said. “We don’t want to go
anywhere near that waterfall that’s up there near the dam.”

Really, there was no need for the warning. Whole teams of wild horses, doped
to the eyes on caffeine and fed for the last ten years on steroids couldn’t
have got her within shouting distance! Rochelle set off in a gentle glide,
poling the ungainly craft towards the centre of the lake. With any luck she
could spend a placid hour or so out here, free from the shame of having
everyone see her clothing problems.

Within five minutes, she was wishing she was back on dry land. The punt rocked
frantically, so that the tendons of Rochelle’s thin legs were strained to the
limit as she attempted to keep on her feet. The pole stuck in the mud
constantly, so that she was forced to constantly tug it free from its
surroundings.

Her slip was bunched into an uncomfortable mass under her skirt… and her
stockings that she had gone to so much trouble to make really tight, were
already loosening, bagging at the ankles and threatening to slide free at any
moment. And she could see Joanne looking, waiting for this to happen. Rochelle
squirmed. Her blush was gathering momentum… and Joanne knew it!

Rochelle vowed that next year she would go sick rather than take part in
another office picnic. Oh, why couldn’t she have been lucky like Wendy in
Purchasing, who had broken her leg the week before… or Martina, from accounts,
who was attending her grandmother’s funeral… or Simon, who had been sacked
last Friday! Why did awful things always happen to _her_?

So distracted was Rochelle by her musings that the shout of “Look out” took
her by surprise. The next second there was a splash of water as the young
children form the school shot by, six of them straining frantically at the
oars, the remainder splashing the three women frantically with their water-
filled hats or cupped hands, giggling and laughing. Rochelle got the worst of
it, but even Julianne and Joanne looked like drowned rats by the time the evil
brats had passed.

“That guy who wrote _Lord Of The Flies_ was right!” Julianne moaned. “Little
boys are the most evil creatures on earth!”

“Do your stockings up again lady!” Shouted the young boy who had been so
cheeky before. Rochelle looked down, but for the moment her hosiery was
(technically at least) still in place, though only just holding on. Joanne was
in two minds, whether to laugh at Rochelle’s discomfort or curse at being wet.

“Could… could someone else take over… for a moment?” Rochelle asked.

“Need to do your suspenders up again, eh?” Said Joanne bitchily. Rochelle
flushed.

“My suspenders are perfectly all right, thank you.” She lied, convincing
nobody. “It’s just that…”

“Roche, look _out_!”

But Julianne’s warning had come too late. Rochelle, distracted by Joanne, had
leaned too far forward, and plunged the punt into the soft mud at the bottom
of the lake. It was stuck fast… and the boat, now attracted by the fast
current that was eddying around the dam, was tugging towards the rapids, as if
it were on a pilgrimage to its ancestral home, and had reached the last stage.

Rochelle held grimly on to the pole, trying with all of her feeble strength to
pull it from its prison, while the boat continued to glide. Soon, she was
leaning at an almost horizontal angle, her feet still in the boat, the pole
five feet away, still moving. Julianne and Joanne were screaming…

But their screams were drowned out by a greater commotion further along. For
the young boys, distracted by their horseplay and fired by bravado had drifted
so near to the eddy that they were unable to reverse the course of their
dinghy, which was heading inexorably towards the dam. The children were
shouting, waving their hats, looks of panic on their faces as they beat the
water with their oars… all in vain. The current was too strong.

At this moment, Rochelle’s feet parted company with the punt, which sailed on,
as if it had suddenly turned itself into a motor boat, so swiftly was it
moving. Julianne and Joanne frantically beat the water with their hands,
trying to turn it back towards the shore.

“Paddle, Jules. We can make it!” Rochelle heard Joanne shout.

“But look… Rochelle’s out in the middle of the lake… holding onto the pole!”
wailed Julianne.

“That’s OK! We can easily get another pole.”

Clinging to the pole, in a position even more undignified than hitherto,
Rochelle vowed there and then that she would get revenge on Joanne… if she
survived. Or, for that matter, if any of them did. For rather than helping the
situation, the splashing had only served to make the punt move faster… towards
the dam.

From laughing and giggling, Joanne’s voice had suddenly taken on a hysterical
tint, as if she had suddenly realised the implications of their predicament.

And further away, the plight of the boys was even worse. Their dinghy was
little more manoeuvrable than the punt, and was closer to the rapids besides.
Holding frantically to the pole, Rochelle watched as the craft overturned,
pitching ten or twelve small boys into the water.

Fighting grimly to hold on to the pole (though it could only give her, at
best, a temporary respite) Rochelle watched as the boys struck out towards the
shore. Baseball hats and thongs festooned the water like mutant fish as the
previously brash, but now chastened brats reached the side of the lake in
dribs and drabs, muddied, frightened, and almost as embarrassed as Rochelle.

Then Rochelle’s mind was distracted by her stockings that, simultaneously,
gave up the struggle, both of them sliding down her legs as if they were
running a race, and gathering in unsightly folds of nylon along her thin
calves.

When she next looked up, Julianne and Joanne had reached the shore and were
scrambling from the punt.

“Hold on, Roche!” Julianne shouted. “We’ll get help!”

Rochelle swung around… and then her heart shot into her mouth. For the boys on
the shore were staring frantically at another of their number, who was
thrashing and spluttering in the water, being dragged towards the dam.

“It’s Billy!” She heard one of them say. “He can’t _swim_!”

She looked back towards the centre. The young boy… the very one, in fact, who
had found her earlier stocking troubles so amusing… was in trouble! No matter
how much he dog-paddled and splashed, he was unable to arrest his inexorable
drift towards the rapids… which, Rochelle now saw, was dotted by treacherous
looking rocks!

At that moment the pole, which had not been designed to bear the weight of
even a slim executive, slipped from its muddy prison and Rochelle was plunged
into the lake. Suddenly, her world turned green and murky, as she went under.

Hampered by her clothing, she struck out. Some time before, learning that
swimming was one of the most highly regarded ways to lose weight, had vowed
that she would take lessons.

Though normally indolent, and embarrassed besides by her appearance in a
swimsuit (for apart from having thin legs, she had a slightly large bottom,
and the swimsuit _would_ creep up, forcing her to tug at it constantly),
Rochelle had persisted, and whatever her other shortcomings, could swim at
least well enough to save herself. She was hardly a Lisa Curry-Kenny, but her
rather ungainly strokes could at least get her ashore!

Spluttering and cursing, she began the haul… and soon realised that it wasn’t
going to be easy. For the current had grabbed her, and was pulling her too
towards the dam… where the young boy still struggled for his life!

Rochelle had her own problems. She was just too weak, and the current was too
strong. With a resigned goodbye to Mel, her boyfriend, Adrienne and Suzie, her
best friends, and her beloved Honda, she shut her eyes and waited for the end.

The next she knew was a dash of cold water in her face. She had blacked out
for a few seconds… enough for the strong current to drag her towards the dam,
and within a few feet of the boy whose arm now stuck forlornly out of the
water as he went down for the legendary third time.

And yet, the blackout had given her just the break she needed. For it had
relaxed her enough to conserve her strength, and rather than thrash futilely
against the current, she had been placidly drifting, not only towards the dam
but also at a diagonal angle towards the side.

The boy was only a few feet from her… but he might have been the other side of
the world, for she couldn’t reach him.

“All this… and my bloody stockings too!” She moaned.

And then it was as if her own lament had given her an idea. For though both of
her stockings had totally parted company from her (and good riddance too, she
thought), and were now no doubt in a watery grave at the bottom of the lake,
the belt was still around her waist. And while, as she had seen, it was
useless for its intended purpose, there was another use to which it might be
put…

*****

_What’s the silly bitch doing now?_ thought Joanne from her perch on the
shore, as she saw Rochelle fiddle with something under her skirt. _The
demented bitch is fighting for her life, and she’s _still_ worried about
making her undies comfortable!_

But as Joanne watched, she was forced to admire both the ingenuity and the
courage of a woman whom she had always regarded as ridiculous!

For Rochelle had removed her suspender belt, and was casting it in the manner
of a lassoo. The young boy bobbed up, his psyche registered what she was
doing, and instinctively he grabbed at it, holding on as he kicked his legs
and arms fighting to stay above water.

Rochelle turned over on her back, and swam towards the shore, towing the young
boy until she managed to reel him in, and then with her hands under his
shoulders, towed him towards the shore. Rochelle was blushing… for her breasts
were rubbing against the young boy’s back… and she knew that her waterlogged
panties were about ready to follow her stockings and belt into hydraulic
oblivion… while her slip and skirt were now clinging to her body like a second
skin.

By now Julianne had arrived with the rescue party, and Rochelle’s colleagues,
together with the other boys, and a detachment of the nature ramblers who had
wandered down to see if they could help, clapped and cheered as Rochelle made
the last few yards into shallow water, where Helene and Cynthia pulled her
ashore. Hastily Jack and Mr Branigan wrapped a blanket around her, and
Nicolette thrust a mug of hot coffee into her hand.

Suddenly, shivering and bedraggled, Rochelle looked up… to see a young man
with a camera in his hand and a multitude of minidisc recorders and other
paraphernalia of the modern reporter slung round his neck, regarding her with
an ecstatic look on his face. By the badge he wore, she saw that he was from
the _Courier_… the countries’ premier tabloid.

“Smile,” He said. “I don’t know who you are, but you’re a hero. The readers
are going to lap this up!”

“That’s our Rochelle!” Cynthia said affectionately. “She’s a bit weird… but we
love her!”

Rochelle stood up, beaming. Wait until Mel saw this. Or Adrienne, or Suzie. Or
her mother. Or the directors of the company… she might even get a promotion!
What had started out as a day of disaster had become one of triumph… and now
she was going to become a national heroine, with her picture in the countries’
best-selling daily paper.

And ironically enough, it was her clothing, which up until now had caused her
so much trouble and humiliation, that had now enabled her to win such triumph.

Rochelle stood up, brushing her wet hair back from her face, and favoured the
reporter with her best, and what she thought was her sexiest smile.

It was just as the flashgun went off that the blanket slipped from her
shoulders, revealing her shapely body cast in the now transparent outfit.

Rochelle screamed, and, too late, flung her hands to her breasts… and then
down between her legs… where her wet skirt, slip, blouse, bra and panties were
totally failing to conceal the delights beneath.

“Yes indeed,” sighed Mr Branigan, tartly. “That’s our Rochelle!”

_~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~_

