### Rochelle Does Dinner by Sy Croydon

**Date Added:** 2014-02-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Rochelle and Mel's tempestous relationship continues - and then a dinner party with Mel's ex causes more embarrassment for our busty heroine. 

* * *

# Rochelle Does Dinner

“W  
  
---  
  
HAT a blessing is Television,” sighed Rochelle, stretching out her long legs.
“When the man you love hasn’t called for a week, and all your friends are out
of town. What would we do without our friends on the magic box?”

“I worry about you, you know!” said Suzie, bringing in a tray containing two
mugs of coffee. “All you’ve done today is watch that inane rubbish. It was
supposed to be your day off. Have you ever thought about getting a life?”

“Life? Hu!” Replied Rochelle, with feeling. “Life’s too embarrassing. Oh, I
daresay for some people, life’s fine. _Some_ people’s boyfriends call them
more than once in every alternate blue moon. _Some_ people can go to work
without their pantyhose wrinkling every five minutes, or their workmates
harassing them, or their slips riding up. _Some_ people, I have it on good
authority, can…”

“Oh Roche, not again!” sighed Suzie. “That’s all I’ve heard today. Poor little
me… moan, moan, moan. You ought to try living in Bosnia, or Rwanda!”

“I bet Rwandan women’s’ boyfriends call them more than...”

“Rochelle, if you don’t shut up whingeing this minute, I’ll personally strip
off all your clothes, tie you up and drive you to the City Mall, and leave you
there! _And_ I’ll take photographs…”

Rochelle went white.

“Oh Suzie, you wouldn’t… would you…?”

“Relax, Roche.” Laughed Suzie. “But honestly, you ought to lighten up. You
don’t have to take everything I say too seriously.”

“Well, life _is_ serious when your boyfriend hasn’t called for…”

“Rochelle!” Suzie growled warningly.

Rochelle turned her attention back to the TV screen. An advertisement for
toothpaste blared out offensively. There was just the tiniest suggestion of
tears in Rochelle’s beautiful, emerald-green eyes.

“So he hasn’t called, eh?” said Suzie, sympathetically.

“Well, I can’t blame him.” Replied Rochelle, her voice close to breakling.
“After the exhibition I made of myself last time he took me out. Who’d want to
be seen with a klutz like me?”

Suzie sighed.

“What was it this time, Roche? Zip bust again?”

“Suspenders, actually,” replied Rochelle, in a voice so low it was almost a
whisper. Then, slightly louder. “Honestly, Suzie, it was so humiliating. And
they’d been fine all night, too. We were just leaving the restaurant, and I
was just thinking how well the evening had gone. And we were at the reception
desk, and there were people everywhere. And then I dropped my purse, and bent
down to pick it up… and the bending must have made the sussies slip, because
when I stood up … down trailed my stocking! Honestly, I was wishing the ground
could open up… everybody was laughing. And I couldn’t stop blushing.”

“So Mel was upset was he?”

“No, just weird.”

“Weird?”

“Yeah. He actually bent down, and did it up for me… which made it even more
humiliating. Now everybody’ll think I can’t even _dress_ myself without my
boyfriend. And he started talking French, too!”

“French?”

“Yes. I think it was French. Something about ‘On his War’!”

“_Honi soit com el e panse_?”

Rochelle’s mouth opened in a wide “O”. “Oh _shit_! Where you _there_? Did
someone _tell_ You? How did you…?”

Suzie found herself in that awful predicament when you just know you are going
to laugh, and that you shouldn’t. Her stomach cramped as she fought to hold
back the guffaw.

“I’m sure Mel’ll explain it to you,” She got out at last. And then, the dam
bust, and out burst a shriek of laughter.

Rochelle beat the couch with her fists in rage.

“Well, thank you very much, Suzie Callaghan. Thank you so _very_ much. I tell
you about one of the most shaming episodes of my life, expecting a modicum of
sympathy perhaps, and what do I receive? Laughter. That’s the last time I tell
you about any of my… occasional… embarrassments. Now if you’ll excuse me, the
ads have nearly finished and I happen to be watching something.”

“Well, I suppose I mustn’t grumble too much,” sighed Suzie, walking into the
next room for one of her books on Naturopathy. “I mean, these days, there’s
some very interesting stuff on the Television. I saw a really interesting
documentary about Thomas Hardy’s poetic philosophy last night. And then there
was _Swan Lake_ featuring the Edenglassian National Ballet. And come to think
of it, I read in the _Courier_ that there’s a dramatisation of Anthony
Powell’s _Dance to the Music of Time_ on about now. I suppose you _might_ be
watching something that broadens your mind.”

“Er… yes… I am.” Rochelle mumbled.

“Well, OK,” Came Suzie’s voice, from the next room. Tell me what’s just
happened. Before the ads came on.”

Rochelle hesitated. Her face had reddened.

“Come on Roche. Surely you can follow a TV show,” Came Suzie’s voice through
the door. “What just happened?”

“No… it’ll… it’ll break my concentration.”

“Oh go on Roche. I’d be interested to see what it is that fascinates you so…”

“Well, I don’t _usually_ watch this,” said Rochelle, in a small, embarrassed
voice.

“Oh go on. Is it something really interesting. Really dramatic? _Do_ tell!”

“Well, apparently Tinky-Winky’s upset,” said Rochelle, blushing furiously. “So
Poo’s going to give him a hug!”

From the adjoining room there was the sound of a heavy book hitting the floor,
and stifled laughter, that was immediately drowned out by the telephone.

Rochelle turned back to the screen. She was definitely getting better, she
told herself. She had gone almost ten minutes that time without thinking of
Mel. The only trouble was that every face on the screen… even Tinkie-Winkie’s…
seemed to turn into Mel’s. If they’d only stop doing that, she told herself,
she’d be all right!

From the next room came Suzie’s voice, talking animatedly. It was all right
for her. Suzie seemed to have hundreds of boyfriends, all of which called her,
it seemed, every hour of every day. And when she went out with them, her
clothes always stayed immaculately in place. Until she wanted it otherwise,
that was! Suzie was giggling now. Obviously one of her favourites. It wasn’t
fair!

*****

A few minutes later, just as the Teletubbies had collapsed in a writhing heap
(why did everything remind her of sex with Mel?) Suzie entered the TV room.

“I told him yes.” She said. “A dinner party with friends would be excellent!”

Rochelle’s heart sank. The fact that Suzie had received an invitation somehow
made her own loneliness all the worse.

“Well, off you go then.” Rochelle moaned. “Go and have a good time. I’ll be
all right. _Johnny_ _Quest’s_ on in a minute!”

“Oh shit, isn’t there anything else?” Suzie whined. “The one night I’m not
going out. Oh, there’s the Anthony Powell, I suppose…”

“What do you mean, the one night you’re not going out? Didn’t you just say
something about a dinner party?”

“Yes. That’s right,” grinned Suzie said in that maddening I-know-something-
you-don’t voice that so irritated Rochelle. “A dinner party. You and Mel… he
just called. I knew you wouldn’t want to risk speaking to him in the mood
you're in, so when he said he’d just got back from a trip and had been asked
to dinner by some friends at short notice, I said that you were in the shower,
but that I’d accept on your behalf.”

Rochelle was scrambling off the lounge.

“Oh Suzie… you… it was a joke wasn’t it?” Rochelle was fluttering her hands in
her anxiety. “_Wasn’t_ it?”

Suzie shook her head, grinning.

“Nope.”

“Oh but… but I’ve got nothing to wear,” wailed Rochelle, plucking at her
jeans. “Oh Suzie… I wanted to give it a good long time, for him to forget
that… that suspender affair. Oh, ring him back and tell him I can’t go. It’ll
be too, too humiliating! Please, Suzie…”

“Can’t! He’s already on his way over.”

“He’s got a mobile!”

“_You_ do it,” giggled Suzie, plonking herself onto the couch recently vacated
by Rochelle. “I’m going to watch Poo fall off the roof.”

“But… but… I can’t Suzie. _Please_…”

“I took the liberty of starting the shower,” Suzie laughed. “And I’ve laid
your shocking pink suit out on your bed.”

“Not the shocking pink. Oh Suzie… the skirt’s too short. I wasn’t going to
wear that until I’d been on my diet a bit…”

“Go on, Roche. You know how he loves short skirts. It’ll drive him wild…”

“Suzie, I…”

“Roche, if you don’t get showered and dressed within a quarter of an hour,
I’ll answer the door and tell Mel you said you can’t go out because you’ve had
a dandruff outbreak!”

“Suzie!” squirmed Rochelle in humiliation. “You _wouldn’t_…”

But just to be on the safe side, Rochelle managed to cut the process of
showering and applying her make up to five minutes! By the time the doorbell
rang, she had been ready nearly ten. And four of _those_ had been spent tying
her elaborate hair-bow.

*****

“I’m sorry it was such short notice.” Mel said, expertly piloting the car
through the heavy traffic. “I only just got back to the City this afternoon,
and Cressida rang up just as I got in the door. I was just about to call you.”
He powered the car past an elderly pensioner in a weaving Ford. “Look at that
wanker… shouldn’t be allowed to drive. I literally walked in the door and the
phone was ringing. I hadn’t even fed the cats.”

“Did you enjoy yourself while you were away?” Rochelle asked, trying and
failing to keep the accusatory tone out of her voice.

“You know I didn’t. Didn’t you get my message. I rang your work and Joanne
answered. She said she’d be sure to pass it on.”

Rochelle seethed. She wouldn’t have put it past Joanne to deliberately forget.
Honestly, it was only the dignity of her position as Assistant Marketing
Director that stopping her giving that girl a real spanking… that and the fact
that Joanne, like most women, could comfortably make mincemeat of her in a
catfight.

“Oh… er, yes.” Rochelle mumbled, tugging at her skirt.

It needed it too. Rochelle had not been joking when she had told Suzie that
the short skirt of the suit was… well, _too_ short. And, for that matter, too
tight as well. Rochelle was unfortunate enough to have thin calves, and hips
and thighs that (even when her diet was working) were slightly wide in
proportion, forcing her to wear her skirts a little tighter than advisable to
avoid looking like Olive Oyl. And with the initial shortness of the skirt, and
the fact that she was sitting in a car seat, she was fighting an epic struggle
to retain her modesty. Every tug simply caused the skirt to shoot upwards
again with even greater vigour.

What had made the situation worse was that the only pair of panties that she
had been able to lay her hands on at such short notice had been a bright white
pair, that shone like a beacon through the black sheer crotch of he pantyhose,
so that even a casual observer could not fail to notice them. _Honestly_, she
thought to herself _I don’t know why I don’t just walk around naked and have
done with it!_ And then, so black was her mood, another awful thought struck
her.

“Cressida? Isn’t she an ex girlfriend of yours? The redhead?”

“Years ago.”

“But that friend of yours, Anthony, he said she still… still has a crush on
you!”

“No, that’s history. She’s with Mike now.”

“But all the same…”

“Not jealous are you?”

“No. Absolutely not,” Rochelle’s large breasts were heaving in indignation.
But she could not but admit to herself that her insecurity… never dormant for
long... had just about doubled with the realisation that she would be eating
dinner with a rival. And when confronting a woman with better shaped legs than
yourself, not to mention a more confident manner, one does definitely not want
to be wearing a skirt that endangers both your modesty and dignity with every
false move!

Soon they had reached Cressida’s house. Cressida was waiting on her patio for
them, looking even more of a total knockout than usual (she _would_ be,
Rochelle thought), in a tight, floor-length green gown, and waving cheerfully.
Rochelle scrambled from the car and tugged frantically at her skirt, in a
fruitless attempt to hide her panties. Even when she was standing upright, the
skirt was still about an inch higher than modesty demanded, and she was sure
she could see Cressida grinning. _Bloody_ skirt…

Rochelle yanked down her jacket, an elaborate affair in a quasi-military
style, double breasted with ruches and gold round buttons, and walked with as
much dignity as she could muster up the wooden stairs into the house. As she
walked, she could feel a rush of cold air just above her waistband at the
back. The black top that she was wearing under the jacket had slipped out of
her waistband. More humiliation… the cropped jacket was far too short to hide
it. And she could hardly tuck her top back in in front of the grinning
Cressida… not to mention the man she loved! Why did these things always have
to happen to _her?_

Fighting frantically to control her blush, Rochelle allowed herself to be led
into the lounge room, where she accepted a lemon lime and bitters, and seated
herself on the low-slung couch to which Cressida led her. Instantly her skirt
rode up again, gathering in a series of concentric rings between her stomach
and upper thighs.

The other guests, an apoplectic looking colonel-type whom Cressida introduced
as her uncle Wallace, and his wife Aileen, a horsy type in a long maroon-
coloured gown, greeted Rochelle cautiously as if they disapproved of both her
youth and her attire. Rochelle’s face, already pink, began approaching
scarlet. With her one free hand she tugged at her hemline, which only served
to draw more attention to her disarray. Uncle Wallace’s eyebrows rose, and his
wife’s mouth pursed into a thin line. Cressida vanished into the kitchen
mumbling something about _vol-au-vants_.

Mel, however, began chatting with Uncle Wallace as if they were old friends,
and soon they were swapping cigars. Uncle Wallace’s wife even unbent enough to
ask Rochelle if the traffic had been heavy on the way there, and as was usual
when Rochelle was nervous she began speaking rapidly and garrulously.

“Oh it was terrible. And there was this really slow guy, holding everybody up.
It was dreadful. Old people shouldn’t be allowed to-” And she stopped. Had she
not been blushing already, that would have done it.

“Indeed.” Said Aileen, and a frosty silence ensued between the two women.

“So where’s Mick tonight?” Melvay asked, as Cressida re-entered the room. It
was obvious that she had retouched her make-up… _vol-au-vants_ indeed… and she
was positively sashaying in her tight evening dress. It was a look both
dignified and sexy, and the dress gave her the best of both worlds. It was
long enough to prevent any embarrassing views of what shouldn’t be seen, yet
slit high up the back to show plenty of Cressida’s gorgeous legs, completely
with perfectly straight seams. When Cressida sat down there were the faint
hints of suspender-bumps under the shiny fabric.

“He’s had to go to Stonehampton. Something to do with a new sales
opportunity,” said Cressida, in her rich contralto. Dammit it, was everything
perfect on this woman? Rochelle’s own voice inevitably went squeaky when she
was nervous… and she was nervous now.

_So Mike’s away eh?_ thought Rochelle, fuming. So that was why Cressida had
invited Mel. With two bumbling geriatrics along for company, to allay
suspicion. Well, Rochelle Heath might have had her shortcomings (and short
hems for that matter) but she wasn’t going to let any blowzy socialite make a
play for _her_ man, thank you very much.

Ostentatiously she reached out and touched Mel on the arm, letting her hand
run along his limb, while casually playing with her elaborate pink hair-bow
with the other.

Cressida sat down on the other side of Mel, giving both he and Rochelle a waft
of her strong musky perfume. She shrugged slightly, and her _decolletage_
slipped a little lower, though still retaining perfect modesty. Rochelle knew
that if she had dared try a trick like that in such a dress, her nipples would
have slid into view. She knew because it had happened… three times. Which, co-
incidentally enough, was the number of times that she had tried it!

And now… no it couldn’t be! Rochelle froze in indignation. The bitch was
having the gall to light Melvay’s cigar, holding his arm to steady it, and
looking into his eyes while she applied the lighter. Rochelle felt her teeth
grinding. If _only_ she could catfight… she tugged her skirt down savagely,
gaining almost an inch of modesty in the process. It was a pity that it
immediately sprung back up to a point even higher than before. Now, looking
down, even Rochelle herself could see her panties. They must have been filling
Uncle Wallace and his wife’s whole field of vision!

Just then there was a ring from the cooker. Cressida stood up, in a fluid
graceful motion, and undulated her way into the hallway, sex on legs!

“Time for dinner.” She said.

*****

As Rochelle had known she would be, Cressida was an excellent cook. The main
course consisted of squid, octopus, fish and sea-scallops with a crisp salad,
a dry white wine and bread rolls that, at that time in the evening, could only
have been that fresh if she had baked them herself!

Miraculously, Rochelle managed to get through the seafood without any major
disaster, and with her skirt-trouble hidden under the table, felt almost at
ease. Her short run of luck was not to last, however, for as soon as she dug
her fork into her second course… a pear baked in a sort of sweet sauce… the
pear slid along the plate, and jumped off onto the table, knocking over the
tureen of sauce.

Rochelle scrabbled frantically, and in doing so knocked over the coffee pot
that was sitting on its own burner at one end of the table. A mixture of
coffee and sauce spread rapidly, pouring off the table in a way that would
have reminded any pre-Columbian geographer of their vision of the edge of the
world, cascading downwards into Cressida’s lap. Cressida jumped up, screaming,
and shaking her skirt ran from the room.

Her face burning with mortification, Rochelle looked at Mel. He appeared to be
trying desperately to retain his laughter.

“I suppose I’d better go and see that she’s all right,” he said, at last.
Hastily Rochelle jumped up. One thing she was not going to allow was Mel to be
alone with Cressida… especially if she were taking off her dress. “No, I’ll
go!” She said. “I’d better apologise.” As she replaced her chair under the
table, she looked down, and her heart froze. In her haste she had forgotten to
hold her skirt hem, and it had shot so far up that (as a hasty check
confirmed) her panties were actually hanging under it at the rear. She yanked
at her hem, her face scarlet. Still, at least it was behind her. No-one had
seen anything.

She looked behind her, though just in case. And… there _was_ someone there.
Someone blushing, too. Well, at least she wasn’t the only one…

Wait a minute, yes she was!

It was a gorgeous and totally authentic antique mirror, in which her panty-
clad rear was exposed like a full moon! Her blush went into supersonic mode.

Scurrying off after Cressida, Rochelle found herself in a small corridor, from
which led a flight of steps that obviously led to the bedrooms, which were to
the rear, upper level of the split-level house. And then it occurred to her
that she was alone, and that now was as good a time as any to repair the
damage that a couple of hours wear had wrought to the sit of her clothing.

Hastily she smoothed her pantyhose along her long, thin legs, and gave them a
tug at the waist. This action brought the crotch of her panties up into parts
where she would have preferred that they didn’t go, and she was forced to tug
them back down into position. Then she turned her attention to her errant
blouse, trying to force the bunched material back down into her waistband.

Unfortunately the waistband was too tight, and though Rochelle managed to get
her shirt-tail back in, there was now an unsightly wad of material just below
the waistband. It was unthinkable to undo the zip right now… for she had tried
such before in a tight skirt, and had then been unable to refasten it.

A quick look around, and then Rochelle dove her hands up under the hem of the
skirt and grabbed the bottom of her blouse, tugging and wriggling it down into
position.

She was just getting things settled… and feeling neater and more comfortable
than she had done since she had got out of the car… when she chanced to look
up, and her eyes met a gorgeous pair of black, nylon-clad legs, above which
were a tight midnight-blue dress the same length as Rochelle’s own, and then
the grinning, red-hair swathed face of Cressida.

“Everything OK there?” Cressida asked.

“Eer… fine, thank you,” Rochelle said, in a voice so small as to be almost a
whisper. Hastily she tugged down her skirt. “Cressida, I’m terribly sorry I
spilt sauce all over your lovely dress…”

“Oh, that old thing!” giggled Cressida. “Who cares? It was a bit loose anyway.
I usually only wear it when I have friends over. Let’s go back into the lounge
and have some more drinks.”

She shepherded Rochelle back into the front of the house, calling into the
dining room on her way to collect Melvay, Uncle Wallace and Aileen. Rochelle
was hugely embarrassed about having been caught adjusting her clothing, but
consoled herself by the fact that this snooty bitch was now wearing a dress
even shorter than hers! _Now we’ll see who flashes the most when they sit
down_! she thought, with a rather bitchy _schaedenfreude_ that, in truth, did
not really become her.

They were now in the lounge room in which they had originally started the
evening, and Rochelle was faced with another dilemma. Since she had been gone,
Mel had obviously set out to charm both Uncle Wallace and his horse-faced
wife, for which Rochelle was grateful, for it might tend to lead them to
forget her previous _faux-pas_ about elderly drivers. But it did mean that
Aileen had sat next to Mel on the couch, and Rochelle knew that she would have
to be quick, or Cressida would, no doubt, grab the other side, leaving
Rochelle out in the cold.

Ass he moved towards the couch, Rochelle looked down and, once again, her
heart froze. For as she had walked from the passage she had been in front of
Cressida, and had been frantically tugging at the back of her skirt to prevent
giving her hostess the satisfaction of another sight of her panties. This had
achieved its short term goal, but had caused the tight skirt to shoot up at
the front, revealing the faintest hint of the crotch of Rochelle’s panties and
pantyhose at the front.

It was unthinkable to draw further attention to the situation by adjusting
herself overtly, and Rochelle was forced to walk over to the fireplace,
pretending to examine a (hopefully faked) Messein statue of a shepherdess,
giving her the opportunity to turn her back on the company and tug down the
front of her skirt. By the time she had again made herself respectable, Melvay
and Uncle Wallace’s wife were seated on the lounge, and Cressida was, as
Rochelle had suspected, about to grab Mel’s other side. Inwardly raging,
Rochelle smiled her sweetest smile and took her seat on the chair at the other
side of the room.

Although this had been yet another defeat for her, Rochelle knew that her turn
could not be long in coming. For now Cressida was sitting down, and her dress
was even shorter than Rochelle’s. As she sat, gripping her own hem to gain
maximum advantage in the comparison, she looked as discreetly as possible at
Cressida’s hemline. Any minute now, and they’d be a flash of panties. Rochelle
felt herself almost warming to Cressida at this point. Rivals they might have
been, but for a short time at least they would be sisters in embarrassment!

However, as Cressida sat, her skirt stayed stubbornly in place, only riding up
an inch or two at most and staying comfortably below the modesty level. The
bitch did not even have to tug at it with her hands. Rochelle was so surprised
that she let go of her own hem, and her skirt shot up three inches, forcing
her to hurriedly grab it and twist her hips as she worked it back down into
position, drawing even more attention to her plight. She coloured up, wishing
that there were a pill that one could take at the start of an evening to
ensure that one didn’t blush.

By the time she had got herself settled, the whole company had been treated
not only to yet another sight of her panties, complete with the crotch-seam of
her pantyhose, but had also seen the hem of her newly pulled-down blouse,
which during the skirt’s peripatetics had peeked out fro under the hem in the
manner that her slips often did with longer skirts. The blush, already
virulent enough in its intensity, turned into a full-on blaze.

Cressida sat cool and collected, showing enough flesh to make herself look
gorgeous, yet without a hint of bra-strap, panty, or anything else that
shouldn’t have shown itself. Rochelle fumed. Why was it always _her_. To
think, three hours ago she had been sitting on the couch watching _The
Tellytubbies_, at peace with the world. The thought that she would, before the
evening was out, been humiliated more times than she could count, and in front
of her boyfriend at that, made her squirm with anger even more than
humiliation.

The next hour was a nightmare. Cressida went through her ritual of lighting
Melvay’s cigar again, Aileen forgot herself enough to tap him twice on the
shoulder, and the two women seemed to fascinate her boyfriend more than
anything he had seen in the world. Rochelle’s breasts heaved in indignation
under her tight jacket. And, as was usual in this situation, she found herself
holding an imaginary conversation with the perpetrator of the outrage, in a
manner in which she would never have dared in real life.

_I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but that happens to my boyfriend whom you’ve
just tapped on the knee. _

_Yes, my _boyfriend_, you know, the person whom you’ve been fawning over all
night, and whose cigar you’ve lit twice, and who you keep thrusting your
obviously artificial boobs at. You do know what a boyfriend is, don’t you.
Yes, that’s right, just like you and he used to be. The important phrase there
being _used_ to… as opposed to _is_._

_ Let’s try it, shall we. Mel _used_ to be your boyfriend. He now _is_ my
boyfriend. See… you’re not quite a bimbo as you look are you? Not quite… and
there’s another important difference too, on which you would do well to dwell.
Which is, that while you might be capturing all of his attention right now,
very shortly he and I shall go home. And while you are lying in your lonely
bed, he and I shall…_

“I said, don’t you agree, Rochelle?” Came Uncle Wallace’s voice.

“Fuck!”

When one is thinking out loud and is suddenly interrupted, there is a knee-
jerk reaction in which one repeats the last word one has just thought out
loud. Rochelle had been lost in her reverie, and when suddenly interrupted
gave way to this phenomena. Which, since the word in question described what
she and Mel would be doing as soon as they reached the safety of her bedroom
happened to be one not quite _de rigeur_ in polite company.

Rochelle clapped her hand over her mouth, her face on fire. The reaction would
obviously be too humiliating for words. As so often had happened in her life,
Rochelle wished that there was a way to magic up a trapdoor in the floor, a
ring of invisibility, a way to freeze time for long enough to make her escape…
anything to avoid the total and abject humiliation that was about to follow!

“See. _That_ gel’s got sense!” Uncle Wallace said. “It has to be a fork!
Whoever heard of eating apple pie with a spoon?”

Rochelle’s sigh of relief caused her breasts to shift again, rucking up her
blouse at the front, so that it was ridged uncomfortably in the area between
her skirt’s waistband and her breasts. As soon as attention had shifted from
her she tugged and smoothed it down, and miraculously found that she was able
to complete the undignified manoeuvre unobserved.

However, so tight had the skirt now become (it had seemed to shrink more and
more as the evening had progressed) that as well as causing its wearer severe
embarrassment, it was adding its quota of discomfort as well. The ridges at
her upper thigh were cutting painfully, the clip was digging in at her back
and the waistband had rolled over, which as well as being unsightly in itself,
was extremely discomforting.

Rochelle would have liked to have visited the bathroom, but to do so would
have meant to stand up and go through the procedure of flashing her panties
all over again. Frantically she waited her chance, and at last Mel and Uncle
Wallace stood up and moved over to a bookshelf that was on the wall opposite
the couch, to Rochelle’s right. Cressida and Aileen were also looking at what
the men were doing, and Rochelle took her opportunity. Excusing herself, she
scurried outside with a sigh of relief.

However, Rochelle’s problems were not over. For although she had temporarily
escaped the crowded lounge, she had no idea where the bathroom was. It would
be unthinkable to go upstairs without permission, and she was not going to go
back and ask Cressida where the loo was. Not for a million pounds. She
consoled herself that her reason for visiting the bathroom had not been for
its main intended purpose, but simply to adjust her clothing… and she could do
that here in the passage as well as anywhere.

However, mindful of the earlier scene where Cressida had caught her in the
act, she was not going to dive up under that skirt’s hem again. This time, she
would have to undo the zip, and risk it not doing up. Hastily she unclipped
the skirt, slid down the zip, and stuffed the now crumpled blouse back into
the now loose waistband.

Suddenly an idea struck her… normally of course, she would not have considered
it, but now her need to avoid further humiliation was bordering on the
desperate. Hastily, she shoved the hem of the blouse into the top of her
pantyhose… she would have to make sure that she pulled it out again as soon as
she got home, for that particular tactic was really one performed by mothers
dressing their young children to ensure said child's shirt stays snugly
tucked, and she knew that nothing in the world looked more ridiculous than a
grown woman resorting to such a measure with regard to her own attire -
particularly when, as in this case, the blouse was not neatly smoothed under
the fabric of the hosiery but ridged and rucked, telling everyone who saw it
that it had been hastily pushed in. And, later tonight, she was planning to
undress in front of Mel.

On the other hand, this desperate measure would at least stop the blouse from
riding up!

When this manoeuvre had been completed, she pulled the waistband of her skirt
together and tugged at her zip. “Damn!” She whispered under her breath. Her
worst fears had been realised. The zip, hard enough to fasten at the beginning
of the evening, before the seafood dinner and elaborate sweet, was now totally
unwilling to co-operate. She was able to get it about a quarter of the way up,
but it would go no further.

Her face scarlet, with exertion as well as embarrassment, Rochelle wrestled
with the recalcitrant fastening. By straining every muscle in her body and
sucking in her stomach, she managed to get it up another inch, but that was
where it stayed.

“You OK Roche?” Came a familiar voice.

She looked up, and nearly cried.

Mel was standing there. Rochelle’s heart shrank. Yet another humiliation in
front of her boyfriend. Normally she would never have admitted her
difficulties…but she needed the strength of Mel’s male arms if she were to
become fit to be seen in polite society that evening.

“Oh darling, this is so mortifying,” she wailed. “I was tucking my blouse in,
and now my zip won’t do up,” By now, her blush could have set off the smoke
alarms in any major office block. “Help me… pleeease…”

Even with Mel helping, their efforts were only partially successful. With
Rochelle holding on to the waistband of the skirt, and Mel holding the skirt’s
hem with his left hand and the zip with his right, they managed to get the zip
about half way up before even the tenacious Mel was forced to admit defeat.
And as if the embarrassment of having to ask her boyfriend to help her correct
her _dishabille_ once again were not enough, he had now seen that her blouse
was tucked into her pantyhose!

“I think that’s as far as we’re going to get, love,” said Mel. “But don’t
worry. We’ll leave soon,” He pointed to a painting on the wall, a modern piece
of work in the manner of Paul Klee. “And no-one need know that you had to come
out here to… to, um, adjust your dress. We’ll say I caught you in the act of
admiring that painting. Cressie’s proud of her artistic taste.”

Hugely grateful, (and _almost_ managing to forget that “Cressie”), Rochelle
tugged down her jacket so that it was just able to hide the worst of the
gaping zip, and went back into the lounge with Mel. And to further console
her, Cressida was now standing pouring last drinks, and Rochelle was able to
take her seat next to Mel.

To her surprise, the next half hour went swimmingly. Cressida seemed to
happily accept that she had lost the place of honour at Mel’s right, and it
seemed that Aileen, rather unexpectedly was a patron of the arts, and it was
obvious that Rochelle’s stock had gone up considerably with her after learning
that the younger woman was also a fan of modern painting.

Uncle Wallace also made it obvious that he thought her a sensible and
intelligent person (her accidental agreement in the fork _vs_ spoon argument
had ensured this), and before she knew it, Mel had stood up and said that it
was about time they left.

By now, Rochelle was relaxed and confident. Rather than think her ridiculous
and nerdy, Mel was becoming sweetly obvious in his tenderness, holding her
hand as they stood up, and even brushing imaginary spots from the shoulder of
her jacket. It was funny, he had been that way after the suspender incident,
too, she recalled. Obviously he soon forgot her embarrassing public clothing
difficulties… which was just as well, since she had so many of them!

But, all in all, she reflected, the evening was at least finishing well. She
was with her man, who obviously loved her, she had made a hit with Cressida’s
relatives, had made herself look culturally aware by the painting incident,
and now she was going back home… while Suzie, the social butterfly had spent
the whole evening watching TV.

Rochelle was feeling relaxed and confident when she stood up. Why, even that
troublesome skirt was comfortable at last. Though why everyone was looking at
her she couldn’t imagine… Uncle Wallace was coughing discreetly into his hand,
Cressida was barely managing to suppress a laugh, and Aileen had a shocked
look on her face. And now Mel was bending down… just as he had in the
suspender incident. What on earth was going on…

And then, with a shock, Rochelle remembered that her skirt was no longer held
up by anything. Literally… for it was now a pool of pink on the floor. And she
did not even have the dubious protection of her blouse to hide her
unmentionables, for it was tucked into her pantyhose.

Rochelle cried all the way home, and that night Mel had to work really hard to
console her. It was to his credit that he managed it. But afterwards, as she
lie in bed, her arms wrapped around Mel, Rochelle brooded. Why was it always
her that looked a klutz, an idiot, a fool. Why couldn’t she have been
composed, well-adjusted, serene like Cressida?

Really, it wasn’t fair!

_And I bet that red-haired bitch is laughing fit to bust_! She moaned to
herself, her face a bright red beacon in the dark.

*****

_Excerpt from the Diary of Cressida Flanagan. _

_ _

_Thursday: Held a dinner party, for Aunty Aileen, Uncle Wallace, and Mel, who
brought his new girlfriend, called Rochelle, with him. That Rochelle really is
beautiful, long slim legs (I wish mine were like that), and the confidence to
wear a bright pink suit that I would never dare. But the whole evening was a
disaster. I had read the etiquette books so carefully, and thought I had
prepared everything… how wrong I was!_

_To start with, Mick had to go away suddenly, and it looked so awful. I had to
perform the duties normally the province of the host, such as light the men’s
cigars… and I’m no good at that, so I ended up almost making a mess of it.
Took me ages. And the heating was turned up far too much, since that damn
thermostat’s playing up again. Poor Rochelle was quite flushed the whole
night._

_And I am also very angry with Mick. I pleaded and pleaded him to buy our
lounge chairs in a soft material, but he had to go for that Italian leather.
Every time poor Rochelle moved her skirt rode up. Now she’ll think I’m some
sort of pretentious type who buys cheap chairs… everyone knows skirts don’t do
that on properly trimmed furniture._

_And the food was a disaster, too. The seafood was overcooked, and the _Pear
Helené_ was almost raw! The first person to try to cut it was Rochelle, and
the thing shot off her plate and knocked the sauce all over my dress. I was so
embarrassed. Of course, everyone else had the same trouble too, and none of it
got eaten._

_And then, as if I hadn’t been remiss enough as a hostess, I forgot one of the
most important social duties of a hostess. Telling my guests where the toilets
were! It was all right for Uncle Wallace and Aileen, of course, since they’d
been here before, but poor Mel and Rochelle… well, I hope they didn’t want to
go!_

_Whoever taught Rochelle her social graces did a good job, though. Rather than
humiliate me by ostentatiously asking where they were, she simply excused
herself, looked around and found them herself. I’m so grateful to that girl
for sparing my blushes. No wonder Mel thinks she’s so fantastic… good looking,
knows heaps about modern art (she was quite taken by the St Legiér in the
passage), and so obviously in love with him too. And quiet and refined, not
like those pretentious, loud girls you so often have to deal with! I’d be the
first to admit that if I hadn’t been lucky enough to find Mick I’d still be
quite taken with Mel myself… but since I can’t have them both, I’m so glad
he’s found such a lovely, intelligent and refined lady to share his life. _

_A good example of her social skills was what happened when she got up to
leave. Those bloody chairs of Mick’s! They’re so badly made that there’s nails
sticking out of them everywhere… when Aileen sat on it you could see her
twisting and turning every which way and to avoid having her bum pierced. I
was saved again by Rochelle… as soon as she decently could, she plonked
herself there, to prevent any discomfort to Aileen… the sort of consideration
to an elderly woman that one doesn’t see so much nowadays, and which quite
shamed me. That the whole suite should never have been allowed out of the shop
was confirmed when Rochelle stood up… and the nail ripped her skirt apart at
the waist, and sent it plummeting downwards. Even then, rather than remark on
the fact, which , I’m sure anyone one else would have done, she and Mel made a
game of it. He bent down and hoisted up the skirt for her, like those knights
of old did… Order of the Garter and all that. Honestly, that pair make a
lovely couple, and I hope Mick and I see a lot of them. Rochelle might manage
to teach me a few badly needed social graces! __ _

_ _

_ _

_~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~_

