### Vice-President Reveals a World Crisis on Horizon by harrylime

**Date Added:** 2014-02-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** No, I am not talking about Climate Change. It is something far more serious. 

* * *

# VICE-PRESIDENT REVEALS WORLD CRISIS ON HORIZON

Truth or Consequences, NM

1 April, 2014

Taking time off from the beautiful New Mexico golf courses, the distinguished
and revered Vice-President made an important speech to the party faithful
today after acting as a judge in the annual Southwestern Winegrowers
Association tasting competition. His remarks were broadcast to all fifty
states and to interested media outlets around the entire globe.

“My dear friends and all of my hard-working party members from the great state
of Mexico, excuse me, New Mexico, we are gathered here today to celebrate the
new strides made by the fledgling vineyards of great Southwest. Hopefully that
nasty cable news channel is not here today to flaunt their facts and figures
which I find so terribly boring. Glad to see all my old friends down there in
the press section. You all know I have been around a long time even though you
can’t tell it from my youthful appearance.

I know you are all expecting me to talk about the many hot points around the
world and the lingering doldrums of our economic system, but I really don’t
enjoy talking about that stuff when it such a beautiful day. I am so happy
that the Governor has been able to keep the water flowing onto the golf course
greens even in the midst of this dratted draught. It is important for us more
mature men to exercise on an attractive and mostly green fairway.”

There was a smattering of applause and a ripple of whispers in the audience
showing appreciation for the beautifully landscaped country club standing like
an oasis in the midst of the scenic desert. The Vice-President took a long
swig from his glass that looked suspiciously unlike water.

“These are hard times, folks, we still haven’t got that silly business about
health care licked and now the other party doesn’t want to let us spend any
more money to, well, you know, **_stimulate_** things. After all, what good is
a printing press if you don’t crank it up and use it?”

The sound of sarcastic laughter circled the room and new bottles were uncorked
for some “tasting”.

“Let me get right to the heart of the matter. I know you all anticipate me
going into my usual spiel about the Global Warming, excuse me, I mean “Climate
Change”, but I am going to spare you that today. I want to draw your attention
to something far more insidious and dangerous to our society. What is that I
hear from the back of the room? Do I hear the dreaded word, “Terrorism”? No,
not that, nor is it the fear of Weapons of Mass Destruction being used within
our borders. Hold onto your seats, folks, because I am going to tell you about
the most dangerous thing facing us today. It is the possibility, no, the
probability of an **Alien Invasion**.”

The crescendo of muttering and whispers grew as the Vice-President paused for
effect.

“My Hispanic friends don’t need to be concerned because I am not talking about
you guys. I am talking about the real Aliens. The ones we know are there but
don’t like to talk about. I am here to tell you that they are already right
here among us. They are in places nobody suspects. If there is any melting of
the Ice Caps, it will because those invaders are causing it. They are the ones
doing all this drought, forest fire, flood, and extreme weather business. Look
around you, folks, do you really know the person sitting next to you?”

Everyone in the hall started to look suspiciously at their neighbor.

“Now I don’t know how many of them are here already but I can guarantee you
that most of them already have valid Driver Licenses. So if we lose in the
next election, it won’t be entirely our fault. Now you might ask, how are we
going to identify these invaders? Well, folks, no need to worry, we are
already taking care of that. We are already implementing procedures in the IRS
to weed out the Aliens and make their life miserable. The Justice Department
is busy cranking up deportation measures to rid ourselves of their presence.
We have started a major operation at the NSA to trace their communications and
interdict their plans. Of course, everyone has to give up a bit of their
privacy rights to win this war but it is for a good cause and should be a
source of pride to each and every American.”

At this point, the Secret Service members started looking for a convenient
exit to move the Vice President to his waiting transportation. Some of them
were laughing and shaking their heads but nobody was going to venture a single
remark or question since it was not their job to comment on their charge’s
lucidness.

All of the press sat in their chairs trying their best to compose something
innocuous that would emphasis the positive points like the fine weather or the
nice sun-tan that the Vice President was sporting on the golf course. Not one
single story had the word “Alien” in it but the phrase “Climate Change” was
mentioned 27 times in the most popular New York newspaper.

Page 22 of that same paper mentioned that the Vice President was leaving on an
extended tour of the African Continent to solidify support for efforts to end
hunger in undeveloped countries. He was accompanied by his entourage of more
than three dozen including his personal chef.

