### The Terror of the French Resistance by fictionfix

**Date Added:** 2014-04-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Colonel Vasoline had planned his ambush on the Germans to the last detail. But he had no way of expecting... The Terror of the French Resistance! 

* * *

# The Terror of the French Resistance

by Alexis Kypridemos

Colonel Vasoline surveyed the clearing through his field glasses. He could
spot no man in the surrounding terrain. Outstanding. This meant that his men's
camouflage was superb, and he could not tell them apart from the shrubbery.
Hopefully neither could the Germans.

Vasoline lowered his field glasses. He yearned for a cigarette, but he did not
dare light one because the smoke would give the whole operation away. He had
been preparing this ambush on the column of German tanks for months, planning
down to the last detail.

In the distance, there was a faint rumble. Vasoline looked through his field
glasses. There they were. The German Panzers, rolling down the dirt track,
coming toward him. When they reached the prearranged spot on the track,
Vasoline's men, hidden in the surrounding vegetation, would open fire with
their machine guns and American supplied bazookas-

The staccato of machinegun fire cut short Vasoline's train of thought. The
tanks were still too far ahead! Had some fool opened fire too soon? Vasoline
peered intently through the glasses, scanning the ambush area. He located the
source of the gunfire.

A single man, extremely thin and angular, dressed in a striped undershirt and
a crooked beret -a common one, not the military kind- wielded a Tommygun and
sprayed bullets at the dumbfounded German tanks, which had not yet responded
to his attack.

The man's Tommygun ran out of bullets. He dropped the gun, took a hand grenade
from his pocket, removed the pin and tossed it at the first tank in the
column, then hit the ground. The grenade ricocheted off the tank's steel
surface, landed in one of the bushes harboring Vasoline's men and exploded.

Not having the courage to observe the aftermath of the disaster, Colonel
Vasoline lowered his field glasses for the last time, and muttered, "Nerde."

For the man in the striped undershirt was Louis-Carrote Nerde, known to
freedom fighters across France as The Terror of the French Resistance.

The End

Thank you for reading "The Terror of the French Resistance." If you enjoyed
this story and would like to read others like it, look for the book-length
collection of short stories “Fiction Fix,” at your favorite e-book retailer,
or at [www.fiction-fix.com](http://www.fiction-fix.com).

