### April Holiday by LoriSchafer

**Date Added:** 2014-04-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The aftermath of Tax Day at an accounting firm. What a disaster! 

* * *

It crashed down around me, a sudden silence that swept away the harried
footsteps, the frenzied commotion, the frantic howls of the moments before and
replaced them with a somber, sonorous awe. The deep, ringing quietude was
disturbed only by a faint murmuring; a whisper of music filtering into my mind
as if from an unseen radio buried somewhere nearby.

I struggled clumsily to my feet, shaken but grimly determined to inspect the
extent of the damage. Surveyed the chaos surrounding me; the swelter of random
papers, wrecked file folders, bent-spined reference books littering the floor.
An assortment of pens and binder clips had clattered uncontrollably from their
owners’ desks and now lay sprinkled about the tile in haphazard array,
threatening to jar the ill-soled foot; trip the unwary stroller through the
random wreckage. Cautiously I picked my way through the wide white streamers
of cash register tapes; curiously hoisted one particularly long and crumpled
one and scrolled through it. And found, at last, evidence of the person
manning the machine: a quintessentially human scrawl penciled in beside a
lengthily calculated total that, at the bottom, merely read E.

“Help!” it said.

I shook my head sorrowfully. There was no help for it now.

Tense with apprehension, reluctantly I continued my journey, down the brightly
lit hallway that led past my co-workers’ disastrously-disarranged stations,
the flimsy cubicle walls that had offered so little protection, so little
guidance in their occupants’ most desperate hours. The music persisted, grew
almost imperceptibly louder: the barest hints of a tune that seemed vaguely
familiar; that sweetly rocked my aching mind and body like a half-remembered
childhood lullaby.

Then suddenly the noise of it shifted, changed, becoming deeper, raspier, more
regular, and its direction altered, too, seeming to hail from the desk before
me rather than far off at the end of the corridor or beyond. I halted; peered
past the work-papers and printouts that threatened to overwhelm the mere
mortal man in their midst.

Paul lay helplessly sprawled across the vast surface of his heavy oak desk,
his head angled limply onto his shoulder, his splayed arm cushioned only by an
enormous purple pocket file that was leaking its contents haphazardly onto his
lap and about his feet like a cascade of pebbles released by an avalanche. He
snored gently, his exhalations ruffling the bright paper leaves stubbornly
strewn about his mouth, catching his breath in a peaceful tranquility that
surely had not been his when he was awake. Compassionately I let him be.

Abruptly the tune was interrupted; overpowered by the sound of muttering from
the open office behind me, its source obscured by a massive pile of tabbed
manila folders that rose impassively about the lengthy table like a solid
stone wall.

“How’re you doing, Bob?” I prompted gently, standing on tiptoe to peer over
the Great Wall of 1040 and unexpectedly finding my partner smiling as broadly
as if he’d just won the Super Bowl.

“Transmitting!” he declared cheerfully, banging his thumb hard against the
keyboard.

I paused, alarmed. “You know you’re too late, don’t you, Bob?”

“Transmitting!” he chirped again happily, his fingers still poised over the
callous keys.

I bent closer; tilted my sore, stiff neck towards his computer. The screen was
entirely blank.

“You should go home, Bob,” I suggested uneasily.

“Acknowledged,” he agreed, grabbing hold of his keyboard sideways as if it
were a briefcase and humming softly to himself as he stumbled purposefully
towards the elevator.

In the renewed silence that accompanied his departure I finally located it,
the source of the eerily familiar music that had been haunting me these long
lost minutes, emanating from the recessed desk of my junior assistant. She was
sitting slackly, the receiver pressed loosely against her skull, her eyes
glazed over as if hypnotized by the repetitive chant on the other end of the
line; so enraptured that she didn’t even notice me until I spoke.

“Who are you on the phone with, Gail?” I inquired curiously, finding it odd
that my most eager aide should have spent these catastrophically-tense moments
on the telephone.

“I called IRS,” she answered dreamily, twirling the phone cord about slow-
dancing fingers.

“Today?” I responded, shock ravaging my heart as I wondered whether to be
impressed with her devotion or disturbed by her sudden and uncharacteristic
senselessness.

“Yesterday, actually,” she clarified, waking from her reverie and glancing
nervously at the clock and then defiantly at me. “Well, I had a question!” she
exclaimed obstinately, attempting to detach a page of scribbled notes from the
sweaty elbow to which it was stubbornly stuck.

Gently I plied the earpiece from her clutching hand; resolutely ignored her
cry of protest as I returned the telephone to its base, at last shutting out
the pitiless peals of the singular piece that endlessly played, over and over
and far too loudly, while you were on hold with the IRS.

“Go home, Gail,” I said kindly, turning tactfully away from her emotionally-
shattered visage and letting myself quietly into the empty, echoing restroom.

It went much better this year, I thought encouragingly as I scrutinized my
reflection, pale and shining in the florescent light, dark saddlebags
burdening the skin beneath my eyes, shiny new silver hairs sparkling freshly
across my still-youthful scalp, brightly defying the dread and fear that had
so nearly consumed us all. Thankfully I bowed my head while solemnly I praised
its coming, this glorious day, the day that erased the memory of the twelve
weeks of trials and suffering that had preceded it; the twelve hours of horror
and insanity in which it inevitably culminated. The day that meant that you
had won, you had survived another season, and with only half-a-dozen deep brow
wrinkles and half-an-inch of receding hairline remaining as evidence of the
tribulations you had so stoically endured. The most blessed of days, a day of
celebration, a day of joy like no other; the tax professional’s sacred
holiday: April the sixteenth.

