### Invasion by fictionfix

**Date Added:** 2014-04-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Space shuttle engineer Silas comes against a fearsome, furry beast which is more than he thinks it is. 

* * *

**Invasion**

by Alexis Kypridemos

The telecommunicator beeped, indicating a parcel had arrived. Silas, the
spaceship's engineer, opened the telecommunicator booth doors to see what the
parcel was. Instead of a parcel, he faced a fearsome beast, an abomination.

The cinnamon colored beast, less than a foot tall, covered in hair, jumped out
of the telecommunicator booth and approached Silas. Silas took a step back.
The beast moved on four limbs, with a fifth one in its rear, not quite
touching the floor, swaying lightly from left to right.

Terrified for his life, Silas grabbed the nearest weapon, a sonic blaster,
cranked the dial to its highest supersonic setting and blasted the beast with
a sonic ray.

The ray had no effect on the beast. It opened its elongated front section,
revealing two rows of sharp white teeth and produced a loud, sharp sound which
reverberated in the small engine room.

Silas plugged his ears and in doing so dropped the blaster. The beast
continued to approach Silas. Silas' legs weakened, trembled and gave out on
him. He slid to the floor, his back against the wall.

The beast stood on top of him. Its elongated front end was level with Silas'
face. Silas could not escape the awful sight. Furry outgrowths on either side
of the beast's front drooped to the floor. Sparse, wiry hairs, longer than
those on the rest of its body, stuck out on either side of the front's
opening.

With the beast so close to his face, Silas became aware of a repetitive
percussive sound emanating from a black dot in the middle of the front. The
black dot looked moist, and had two round openings. With each percussive
sound, the black dot released hot air onto Silas' face.

The beast opened its front end, again showing its sharp white teeth. Here it
comes, Silas thought. It's going to eat me alive! From behind the teeth
emerged a long, slender pink tentacle. It stretched out and moved up and down
Silas' face, spreading warm liquid across his cheek. Silas became engulfed in
a stream of hot air.

"Oh, my God, it's terrible!" he yelled. "The stink is unbelievable!"

"What is? What's going on in here?" asked Aardvark, the spaceship's captain,
as she ran through the entrance to the engine room, in response to Silas'
cries of distress.

"This beast is trying to eat me!"

"Beast? Hardly," Aardvark said. She leaned down and collected the beast off
Silas. She held it in both arms. The beast waved its fifth limb vigorously.

"No, this is no beast. Only a relic from another era. Must have got caught in
the time warp and beamed to us by mistake. Quite popular with humans in
previous millennia. Cohabited in many instances, from what I understand."

Silas stared at her blankly.

"It's a dog, Silas," Aardvark explained. "People used to keep them as pets. I
believe this particular one is what they used to call a Cocker Spaniel."

The End

Thank you for reading "Invasion." If you enjoyed this story and would like to
read others like it, look for the book-length collection of short stories
“Fiction Fix,” at your favorite e-book retailer, or at [www.fiction-
fix.com](http://www.fiction-fix.com).

