### Intrusion by fictionfix

**Date Added:** 2014-04-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Space ship engineer Silas encounters an uninvited guest in the ship's toilet bowl. 

* * *

**Intrusion**

by Alexis Kypridemos

Spaceship engineer Silas felt a gurgle in his stomach. He decided he should
sit on the waste extractor. After about a minute of inactivity on the
extractor, Silas felt around in his vest pocket and took out a crumpled,
rolled up bag of chips.

"I want your Soufritos," said a robotic voice from inside the extractor.

Silas leapt off the extractor bowl, throwing the chips in the air. He pulled
up his trousers and spun around to face the voice.

A little green man stood inside the extractor bowl. Silas reacted
instinctively and pulled the evacuator chain. Water rushed over the little
green man. He closed his eyes, but did not move.

"I weigh 70 pounds," the little green man said after the swirling water
subsided. "Two pounds of water moving at 10 miles per hour with an estimated
horsepower of 0.0035 cannot displace me."

"Help!" Silas cried.

Aardvark, the ship's captain, opened the door with some hesitation, as it was
the men's extractor room.

"What is it now?"

"There's a little green man in the extractor," Silas said and pressed a button
on his wrist computer. "He speaks, but I cannot understand him. My computer
has compared his language against the twelve million known galactic dialects,
but can't make a match."

"I want your Soufritos," the little green man repeated, still inside the
extractor bowl.

"He speaks Swedish," Aardvark said. "Give him your chips."

Confused, Silas did as he was told. The green man greedily stuffed chips into
his face.

"Who are you?" Aardvark asked. "In English, if you can."

"Recalibrating for English, please hold..." the green man said. "My name is
Zorg."

"And what are you doing aboard our ship, Zorg?" Aardvark asked.

"I am a refugee. I have recently been exiled from the United States of Space.
I entered your ship by way of the waste extraction canal in search of food."

"Well, you are welcome to stay aboard until you can get back on your feet. May
I ask why you were exiled from the United States?"

"Their Immigration department apprehended me without proper residence
documentation. I was deported for being an illegal alien."

The End

Thank you for reading "Intrusion." If you enjoyed this story and would like to
read others like it, look for the book-length collection of short stories
“Fiction Fix,” at your favorite e-book retailer, or at [www.fiction-
fix.com](http://www.fiction-fix.com).

