### Lucky Aid by rorry21

**Date Added:** 2014-04-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Is luck just random? Some may say yes but others may say its a family curse. One that follows the main protagonist in Lucky Aid. Does one make their own luck or are we all doomed to repeat the failures of our ancestors. 

* * *

Why does Garfield hate Mondays? He literally doesn’t do anything anyways; at
the end of the day he just sits on his ass and bothers Odie. Personally I
think he is a lazy selfish prick, he reminds me of my boss Mr. Thompson. My
name is Al, I’m 23, and I work at one of the top graphic design companies in
the country. Gee, that’s a nice gig you got there, Al, you must be really good
at what you do! No, I am a mediocre designer. I was not even ranked in my
graduating class in college. That’s how bad I am. My teachers would often tell
me to switch majors. If they could see me now, ha-ha, they’d still probably
say to get a different job. Whatever, haters. Then how did you land such a
sweet job Al? Good question, see I actually applied for this job several
times, 12 to be exact, and each time I got turned down. The reasons ranged
from qualifications to I just flat out sucked.

One day I was at a bar with my friend who coincidently works at the same
company I was applying at. Andrew or Drew as he liked to be called was the
second worst graphic designer, behind me, yet he still got hired. See he was a
smooth talker he once talked a stripper into paying him for a lap dance, Yeah,
unbelievable, right? How he managed to do that is still a mystery. I don’t
believe it and I was there when it happened! To top it all off he was one of
the luckiest guys in the world. This would make me the unluckiest guys in the
world. We had agreed to meet up for drinks, he had just gotten out of work and
I was just getting out of bed. I had no motivation to live; my life was an
empty hole that only cheap shots of vodka would fill. Just kidding, I was just
really lazy and really hoping that the 13th time I applied at Worth’s Design
was the charm. Drew had already been at the bar waiting when I walked in,

“Hey man, how’s it going, how was work?” I asked as I ordered the first shot
of many bad decisions to come.

“It was alright man, just the same old crap you know, oh wait you don’t
‘because you’re unemployed! Ha-Ha just kidding bro, here I’ll buy the next
round.”

If I wasn’t so broke and bitter I would have told him off in a heartbeat but
whenever I get the chance to score some free alcohol I take it, no questions
asked, seriously I think I might have been roofied in the past for accepting
drinks from strangers. Drew orders the shots and slides one over to me,
“here’s to the first of many!” so cliché but so true, there was wisdom in his
words though. I down the shot and immediately feel the regret of consuming
alcohol. The burning sensation I got as the alcohol made its way down my
throat and into my body made me cringe.

I take a second and notice a really hot girl standing in the corner with her
less than attractive friend. I turn to Drew and point them out,

“Hey man those girls are pretty hot, let’s go talk to them.” At this point the
liquor was doing most of the talking.

“What? No way, that’s Cindy Thomson.”

“Who the hell is Cindy Thompson?”

“What? You don’t know who Cindy Thompson is? Oh yeah, I keep forgetting you
don’t work at Worth’s. You’ve been there so many times though you should know
who Cindy Thompson is.”

“Shut up, you asshole, the 13th time is going to work. I will get hired, but
never mind that, what’s so special about Cindy Thompson?”

“Well besides the fact that she’s insanely beautiful, she doesn’t go after men
like us; we’re not 6’5 and play basketball or any sort of sport.”

“I play darts, does that count?”

“What? No, that doesn’t count you idiot.” He says as he turns away and orders
two more shots. I glance over at Cindy to check her out some more. She is tall
with very beautiful hair. It resembles waves of golden fondue cheese pouring
from a fountain. Her body looks like she has been sculpted from clay, into
this deformed coke bottle with an abnormally round bottom. She was the hottest
girl I had ever seen.

“So why is Cindy Thompson so untouchable?”

“Dude, she’s the boss’ Daughter.” With that I knew exactly how I was going to
get hired, I would seduce her and make her think I’m a wonderful man then
she’ll put in a good word with the boss. I just had to be cool about this and
not screw this up.

“Alright man lets go, be my wingman, yeah?”

“Al, are you serious? You have the worst game in the league, what makes you
think you possibly have a shot with her?”

“Desperation man, it’s all I got.” And with that we were off. See, I generally
have no luck at all. When it comes to raffles and social events I tend to have
the worst luck in the world. It has been that way since I was a little kid.
Seriously, even my parents didn’t want me.

When I was 5, my birth parents put me up for adoption. I was adopted by a
Christian couple that was really strict. They didn’t let me out past 8. I
wasn’t allowed to bring girls over or even touch them. If I was caught
drinking or fooling around with girls, I would be grounded until Jesus himself
came down and said it was ok to un-ground me. When I was about 18, I decided I
wanted to know who my real parents were. I went down to the adoption agency
and put in a request. Since I was 18 I was able to go by myself. See my
adoptive parents always told me that my real parents were Satan worshipers.
They had saved me from them before they sacrificed me to their dark lord. For
longer than I am proud of I bought into this lie. I went around bragging to
everyone at school. This explains why I was bullied and beat up a lot during
my adolescence. I couldn’t really tell my parents what I was up to. After a
couple of weeks I got a call from the agency. My adoptive parents agreed to
meet me as well! I was super excited. I would imagine them being these cool
people who listened to Metallica and had hair that reached all the way down to
their butts. I kept thinking, well maybe if they see what a cool kid I turned
out to be they would take me back and let me do whatever I wanted. I was
naïve, yes, but I felt like this was my way out of that house and away from
those people.

I got a letter from my real parents; they wanted to meet at a Chuck E Cheese.
This should have been my first warning sign. I shrugged it off and thought
nothing of it. The day came when I was supposed to meet my parents. I was so
nervous I forgot to wear underwear. I showed up kind of late to Chuck E
Cheese. I walked in and looked around. I figured it should be easy to spot
them. I just had to look for the older couples. Today must have been old
people day because in every other table was a couple that could have been my
parents. I figured I would go up to every couple and ask them if they were my
parents. As I made my way around, the smell of burnt cheese and feet
immediately hit me in the face. I never been to a place like this, I was
mesmerized by the amount of kids with ADD who ran around yelling at the top of
their lungs. I never understood this type of playing. I was never one to run
around and chase other kids, yelling at them to get away. I thought this was
silly. The scene in front of me was captivating. I studied them like Jane
Goodall studied the chimps. After about 5 minutes I snapped out of it and went
back to my main reason for being here. I went up to the first couple I saw and
jokingly I asked the man,

“Excuse me, are you my father?” he stopped mid bite and dropped the piece of
pizza that was in his mouth. He turned to face me. He was obviously not my
father. He was a large man, sort of looked like Harry Potter’s Uncle with a
long beard. He could have been a member of ZZ Top. He stood up and looked at
me and said,

“Listen here kid. You tell that bitch of a mother you have that I am tired of
her sending her kids to try and guilt me into thinking I’m their father! We
already had this tested. I am not the father of any of her kids so stop this
shit now!”

I looked right at him and thought of something really clever to say but as I
watched him turn into a tomato I advised against it,

“Sorry man, I was joking I must have the wrong person. I’m looking for my
parents.” I walked away quickly and decided I would approach the next couple a
little less abruptly.

After about twenty minutes of getting rejected by all these couples, I finally
reached the end. They were not here. I sunk into a booth and felt like crying.
I decided since they were not here, I would go ahead and leave. But before I
left, I wanted to play in the arcade for a little while. I go up to the Primal
Carnage game and started taking out my frustrations on some dinosaurs. I was
playing for about 10 minutes when the Chuck E Cheese mascot walked by with his
head off. I always thought that you’d get fired or thrown in a gas chamber if
you got out of character, while the kids were around. Maybe that’s just a
Disneyland thing. As he walked by a lady from the back called out to him:

“Hey John, we have a clogged toilet. Can you take care of it?”

“Yeah, yeah, I’m on it.”

John was the name of my biological father or at least that’s what the lady at
the agency told me. This guy wasn’t my father, was he? I decided to ask just
to make sure but I was certain it wasn’t him.

“Hey man, are you John Bailey by chance?”

“Yeah, who’s asking?”

Shit, you have got to be kidding me; the mascot at Chuck E Cheese is my
father!?

“Umm are you sure?” I asked as if he might have forgotten his own name.

“What the hell do you mean am I sure? Of course I’m sure! I know who the hell
I am. What do you want kid? I’m busy.”

Yeah I can see that. This guy didn’t even look professional. For starters, he
was out of character and instead of brining joy to the children he was scaring
them away with that god awful stench that emanated from his, probably never
been washed, costume.

“Sorry umm well my name is Al and I’m here to meet my biological parents. I
think that’s you.”

As soon as I said this, his eyes lit up and a goofy smile spread across his
face. If I wasn’t so teary eyed from his onion like smell, I swear I could
have seen love pop out of his eyeballs in the form of tears.

“YOU’RE AL!? Wow kid, I never would have guessed! I’m sorry; I could have
sworn we were supposed to meet tomorrow. Sorry about the costume. Our normal
mascot is sick today, so I had to fill in. Wait here let me to get your
mother.”

He scurries off wobbling around looking more like a duck than mouse. I stood
there contemplating whether or not I should stay. Different thoughts floated
into my head. Should I just make a run for it? If I leave now, I could make it
home in time for lunch. If this is a pizza place why did it smell like fish?
What were they making back there!? I started to take a step back ready to run
out the door, when John and the lady, that had told him to unclog the toilet
earlier, came out of the back smiling from ear to ear.

“Hey Al, this is Martha, your mother.”

“Well I’m not his real mother I’m just his birth mother, you don’t have to
call me mom, unless you want to that is.”

The way she said made it seem like I should call her mom or I’d hurt her
feelings. They led me to a table and ordered us a pizza. They were a very
strange couple not one that I would image to be my birth parents. They started
telling me how they owned this Chuck E Cheese and they also worked in it.
That’s cool, I guess, but this was still a weird situation. I had a million
questions to ask but I knew what question I should ask first.

“Look guys, that’s cool that you own this place but that’s not what I’m here
for, I want to know why you guys put me up for adoption at age 5!”

They looked at each other for a minute then John turned to me and said

“Well son, it’s just that, you were so ugly. I’m sorry that came out wrong,
what I meant was that we were so poor we couldn’t afford to keep you and well
you were really ugly.” He said as Martha slapped him upside the head.

“JOHN! You can’t say that to the boy, it’ll hurt his self-esteem!”

Lady my self-esteem was shot before I met you guys. Yes this hurts but I’ll be
ok, I think.

“Well sorry dear, it’s the truth though, anyways, after we gave you up we
ended up winning the lottery and made a pretty good life for ourselves. We
bought this place and now we just work here.

“Are you kidding me? You won the lottery and THIS is the best you can afford?
Why didn’t you come find me?”

“Well we didn’t want to. Sorry kid but we aren’t good parents and we just
didn’t want to have to take care of you and like I said you were ugly. But
that doesn’t mean we can’t be friends!”

“Yeah sweetie we would really like to get to….”

I walked out midsentence. I could not believe the types of morons I would have
been stuck with. Compared to these idiots my parents are awesome. I walked
outside and headed for my car, thing was, it wasn’t there. I searched and
searched through the parking lot and nothing. I later found out it had been
stolen; it was recovered 5 miles out of town and burned from the inside out.
That’s the day when my bad luck got worse.

My luck was weird though, it wasn’t always bad it just starts off good then it
always ends in disaster. Might as well call me the hurricane, exciting at
first but ends in disaster, but I can always trace it back to that day with my
birth parents. It’s the main source of my low self-esteem. Today was
different. Today was my day to get lucky and with the aid of my narcissistic
friend I will not lose!

We approached these girls stumbling most of the way up to them. The whole time
I was trying to figure out what I was going to say, but nothing came to mind
and before I knew it, we were face to face with these two extremely attractive
girls. Naturally I said the first thing that came to my mind.

“Hey ladies, daddy’s home.”

Drew turned around and walked away as I said this. He headed for the bar and
ordered two more shots. He downed them at once and just shook his head at me.
That prick, I knew he wouldn’t keep his word and help me. I had bigger
problems; I was standing in front of them waiting for a response. Sweat
forming on my brow. I thought about walking away but just as I was about to
abandoned ship and go back to the bar, to get shitfaced, she laughed. Cindy
Thompson laughed at my stupid pick up line!

“Ha-ha, is that how you always try to pick up girls?

“Uh yeah, that’s exactly what I say”, I said trying to act smooth.

“How many times has it worked?”

“Zero, want to be the first?”

And that was it, with that she came and got a drink with Drew and I. We stayed
up till dawn before exhausting ourselves with drunken sex that was honestly
pretty mediocre. I think that was my fault. Nonetheless I had become a legend
with my friend. It seemed like my life was turning around.

A month later I got a call from Cindy,

“Hey, is this AL?”

“Yes it is who is this?”

“Oh hey, it’s Cindy.”

“Cindy! Hey, how’s it going?”

“Not too good, I’m pregnant.”

“Oh wow that’s great, congratulations! Who’s the father?”

“It’s you.”

“So he’s Asian? Hmm funny, I never thought you would go after an Asian.”

“No, you idiot, I mean you are the father, you as in AL”

“What the fuck? No that’s impossible we didn’t even have sex, I remember I was
too drunk to finish. I just passed out on top of you.”

“Well you must have had a wet dream or something because you’re the father.”

“Yeah, well I’ll believe it when I get the paternity test.”

“Are you serious? Do you know who my dad is? He will shit on your life you
little shit! Don’t cross me or I swear I’ll make your life a living hell!”

“Alright chill, what are you going to do? If you want me to pay for the
abortion, I can’t I’m broke and unemployed.”

“I’m not getting an abortion, you dipshit! I’m keeping the baby.”

“So you want to get married?”

“NO! I WOULD like us to try to be couple for the child’s sake.”

“Ok, we can try that. Are you sure this is what you want to do?”

“No, but do we have any other choice? I want to give you a chance to prove
you’re not just a loser.”

“Ouch, well thanks for the vote of confidence.”

“Yeah well, it’s the only chance you’re getting. One and done. You better not
fuck this up Al.”

The whole idea of being with Cindy was awesome. I have a chance to be someone
now. It looks like my life is actually going to start getting better.

At this point we had been together for 6 months. I thought we were doing well.
We were scheduled to get married in a couple of weeks. It was all very jarring
to me but I felt like I had no choice. I went along with it because I didn’t
have any reason to decline. I wasn’t going to have a bachelor party but Drew
insisted that I have one. Mainly because he wanted to hire a bunch of
strippers and get really drunk. Naturally, I would agree to his plans, but I
was on thin ice with Cindy’s dad. He never did forgive me for getting her
pregnant. I was meeting Drew at our bar. The same bar I met Cindy at. I got a
call from her dad and he told me to stop by. He said it was urgent so I felt
like I needed to make a detour. I came up to the house and knocked on the
door.

“Hey come on in Al.” his tone was different. Usually he orders me around and
calls me dipshit or fucktard. Today he had on a smile. It was the scariest
smile I had ever seen.

“Hey sir, how are you doing?”

“Good, look I asked you here for a reason. I know you’re on your way to your
bachelor party so I’ll keep this short. I wanted to give you this.” He handed
me a little black. It looked like it would contain a ring of some sort.

“Oh, well thanks sir but I’m kind of engaged to your daughter and I’m also not
gay. Surprised to see you are though. Does Miss Thompson know?”

“NO! YOU FUCKING RETARD! IT’S A WEDDING RING FOR YOU TO GIVE TO MY DAUGHTER.
GOD DAMNIT CINDY WHY THIS GUY! HES GOT SHIT FOR BRAINS!” pieces of caviar he
was eating flew all over the place. I took a step back and grabbed the box.
Inside was a really cool looking ring. It was bigger than anything I could
afford.

“It was my mothers. She’s dead now so I figured since you’re too poor to
afford one; I’d give you this one. You have to promise me you won’t lose it! I
trust you Al DON’T screw this up!”

“Yes sir, I give you my word!” I could tell he did not believe me. I wasn’t
that irresponsible I could take care of it until our wedding.

I got back into my car and started to drive off to meet drew at the bar.
Halfway there my car runs out of gas. I call Drew to see if he would come get
me.

“What? Hell no man I can’t leave. There’s a stripper that says she’ll blow me
for 50 bucks! Just find another ride here man. I have to go we’re taking
shots!”

“Drew you son of a b…” he hung up before I could even finish my sentence that
asshole. Instead of helping me get to my own bachelor party he ditches me to
enjoy my bachelor party! This is bullshit has to end. I decide I’ll walk to
the nearest bus stop, show up and beat the shit out of him. Yes, I like this
plan. It takes me 25 minutes to get to the bus stop. Now I play the waiting
game. Two hours later the bus shows up. Great, now I can head to the party or
what’s left of it anyways. I decide to take a nap. The drive to the hotel was
about an hour and a half. A nap before I kick some ass would be nice.

The sun was out when I woke. Under the stress of the wedding and the constant
reminder from everyone that I am a loser got the best of me. I took a 12 hour
nap. Apparently the driver didn’t think he should wake me up so he just left
me here to sleep. Awesome, he did give me a ride home which was nice. He
charged me bus fare as well. Dick. I get home and walk straight to my room. I
lie down; reach into my pocket to look at the ring. It’s gone, the ring is
missing! Someone must have stolen it as I slept on the bus! They didn’t bother
with my wallet of credit cards, whoever they were must have known I was a bum
with no money so they didn’t bother stealing my wallet. Smart I guess. I had
bigger problems though, the ring was gone and I had no idea how I was going to
tell Cindy’s dad! I called Drew for some advice

“Drew! I fucked up big time man! I lost the ring!”

“Ugh, why would you wake me up this early?”

“Shut up its 12 in the afternoon! I got a problem I lost the ring man!”

“What ring? What are you talking about?”

“The ring man, the one her dad gave me to give to her! It’s gone. I lost it on
the bus. He’s going to kill me man, I don’t know what I am going to do!”

“Damn man that sucks. Since I am the best man I think I can help you cover it
up until you can figure out what you are going to do.”

“Yes, thanks that would be great! I am meeting with them today for dinner.
Come with me and help me keep this a secret.”

“You got it buddy! That’s what the best man is for!” That night we went to
some fancy restaurant to talk about the final wedding ideas. I was so nervous
I didn’t know what to say or do.

“Hey Al, I think you have something to give to Cindy am I right?” her dad
winked at me as he beckoned me to give her the ring. I panicked and looked at
Drew with a terrified look in my eyes. He just smiled and nodded his head in
a, I got this, way.

“He lost it sir! Shit, that came out wrong.”

“Drew, what the fuck!”

“Sorry man he scares me, I couldn’t lie to him.”

“Al, what the hell is he talking about? Where is the ring?”

“Umm see it’s at the cleaners. I’m getting it cleaned so it can be nice and
sparkly for her.”

“He’s lying; he lost it last night on the bus.”

“Drew!”

“What! I’m sorry man I can’t lie to him. He’s my boss after all that would
look highly unprofessional.”

“You asshole! You said you would help me!”

“Al, it’s not nice to lie to people. Why should I have to cover up for your
mistakes?” at this point I didn’t know what to say to him. I just looked in
horror as Cindy and her dad yelled at me. All while Drew sat there sipping on
his brandy acting as if nothing had happened. Needless to say the wedding was
off. Not only that I was now going to have to work at Worth’s design to pay it
off.

And that’s how I got hired at the top design company in the country. Now you
see why I hate my job? Every day I dread going to work. Half my paycheck goes
to her dad. After we broke up, I slept with one of her friends whom I met at a
bar. She told Cindy about it, which in turn mad her extremely jealous and
furious that I had moved on after two days. She decided to dedicate her life
to making sure I wouldn’t get laid ever again. I thought my life could not get
any worse. That’s the funny thing about my luck. It always tops itself.

When my child was born Cindy took me to court so that she could get sole
custody of my kid. She won of course. My lawyer was too busy playing angry
birds or some shit on her phone. She couldn’t care less about my situation. I
lost my kid that I hadn’t even met yet. I was semi ok with it. I never really
wanted a kid and this was just a blessing. So I thought. Since she got sole
custody with no visiting rights I was to pay alimony. There goes the other
half of my check. I would be living like a homeless person for sure. I didn’t
know that living like a homeless man would be the least of my troubles.

A new girl is hired to the company. Amy is her name. She is really cute and
seems like a nice person so naturally Drew and I drooled all over her.

“Dude, she’s so hot!”

“I know man, it’s too bad you have a kid or I would say go talk to her.”

“Hey, it’s not like I’m married to the kid I can still do what I want.”

“Yeah just as long as Cindy says it’s ok, huh?”

“Shut up! She does not control my life!”

“Whatever you say, man.”

“It’s true, I’m my own man!”

“Well then, would you care to prove it?”

“Sure, let’s invite her to drinks tonight.”

“HA! Knew it, you’re afraid to flirt with anyone around the office, huh?”

“No, I’m not; I just don’t think it’s appropriate.”

“Dude, she doesn’t even work here anymore and she rarely comes in, she’s too
busy raising your kid.”

“Whatever man, I’m not scared of her.”

“Alright well then shall we?”

Drew stands up and signals for me to get up and follow him. I was timid at
first but then I thought about what he said. She is hardly ever here anyways
so I think I’m ok. We walked up to her and Drew introduced us,

“Hey, Amy right? I’m Drew and this sad excuse for a man is AL.”

“Very funny, hey I’m AL.”

“Hey guys, nice to meet you.”

“Hey, so AL had something he wanted to ask you, go ahead AL,”

Really, you prick, well jokes on him, I have mad game! I’ll get her to go out
with me just like I got Cindy Thompson except this time I will not have sex
with her!

“Yeah well I was wondering if you would like to…”

“AL! What the hell are you doing?”

I turned to face Mr. Thompson, my spine grew ice cold. He was standing outside
his office staring right at us.

“Are you seriously hitting on this girl at work, IN FRONT OF ME? If my
daughter finds out, you’re screwed!”

“Umm what’s going on? He was just being friendly.”

“Oh Amy I’m so glad you asked, see AL here got the boss’ daughter pregnant,
forcing her to quit her job and be a stay at home mom. While AL here is free
to be promiscuous, it’s quite sad actually AL takes no responsibility for what
happened.”

“That’s horrible! You should be ashamed of yourself!”

“Yeah AL get your shit together, geez.”

“What? No! That’s not true, he just made all that up!”

“So you didn’t get her pregnant?”

“Well no that part was true but the rest is a lie!”

“You’re disgusting! Get away from me!”

“Come on girl; let’s get away from this monster.”

“Drew, you prick!”

“Hey don’t talk to him like that; he’s not the one who’s neglecting his
child!”

“What? No, it’s not my fault they won’t let me see him!”

“Oh yeah sure, that’s convenient for you isn’t it.”

“You don’t know how powerful these people are!”

“That’s enough Al, get back to work, Cindy is on her way, and you better be on
your best behavior.”

“Drew, do you want to show me around?”

“Yes, I would love to! See you later, AL!”

This is my life; I can never catch a break. Later when Cindy came to the
office she tore me a new one in front of everyone. It was so humiliating but I
guess that’s what happens to guys like me. I have bad luck, saying I have no
luck would be a lie. I have luck; it’s just really bad. It’s just the way it
is. I think I need to hit the bars. Oh sweet alcohol you are my only friend.

