### Mom and Grandma's Jig by pjs1509

**Date Added:** 2014-05-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

MOM AND GRANDMA'S JIG

It was the year of our lord nineteen sixty three. I was six years old and my
younger brother Tim was three. We brought up the tail end of a large catholic
family of six. Then in February the youngest Phil (and last) was born.

This little miracle brought in the services of my Grandma Kauffman. While my
mom recuperated,

Grandma swoop in to help around our busy and crowded household.

Grandma Kauffman was a quiet unassuming women. Her silvery gray hair was tied
back into a tight little bun. She still wore a floor length dress every day.
The current fashion of dressing in Mary Tyler Moore slacks or a moo-moo had
never broach Grandmas fashion sense. She wore roundish wire less glasses, that
hung off her slightly curve nose. She pass on her hazel eyes to my mom.

My Mother Rita had inherited most of her pretty looks from her handsome
father. There in old sepia tone pictures of grandpa stood a lean tall man with
a ruggedly handsome face resembling that of Clark Gable.

We live in a small ranch style home built back in the nineteen fifties. All
Seven of us were squeeze into three tiny bedrooms. Except my one and only
sister who got her own bedroom. There was only one living room, a small dining
room and even tinier kitchen. So when we were stuck inside in the long
Michigan winter months we were force downstairs My Dad had cobble together a
few pieces of used furniture. One lumpy as hell couch, one backbreaking wing
back chair and several

backyard folding chairs. Against the room dividing panel wall hat led to the
older brothers bedroom was a Jerry rig RCA TV Stand A couple of insulated
metal milk cartons did the trick. On top of the cartons stood a thirteen inch
screen television set. It must have weigh at least a hundred pounds and
probably could have with stood having a bowling ball drop on it with nary a
dent . It had a thick bubble screen that had to be at least four inches in
depth . A black and white early space age classic with a coat hanger for a
antenna.

In the afternoon, my mom and grandma took a brief respite from taking care of
a busy and messy house hold. Their idea of relaxing was watching one of Mom's
stories, better known as soap operas. Mom had the good sense to not allow my
brother and I to roam the house by ourselves up stairs during their story
hour. We were made to stay within Mom's watchful orbit. Back then , there was
no pointlessly stupid educational toys that kids lost interest in within a
half hour. We had to use something call our imagination. We play endless games
of army, spending most of our time arguing over who was dead or not. We cover
over the back yard chairs with blankets and pretend we were human moles. We
spent countless hours examining all the wax seal fruit jars filled with
peaches, green beans, and mouth watering apple sauce. The jars were store on
shelves underneath our basement stairwell. Our favorites were Dad's pickled
fish fantasizing that they were human brains or other body organs The rest of
the stairway space was taken up by moldy smelling camping gear.

Like most boys when stuck in confine spaces., most of our time was spent
wrestling each other ..

My mom should have worn a referees shirt for all the countless times she had
to break up wrestling

matches between all my brothers. My older brothers, who were teens back then,
could really do some

damage. So there was never an idea of remodeling the house with any new
furniture (hah).

One wintry afternoon, My brother Tim and myself really got in to a long strung
out tussle.

Our fight started in the laundry room, eventually finding it's way to the
other side of the basement.

There sat Rita and Grandma Kaufman settling in for an hour of As The world
Turns..

Meanwhile, us two nit wits couldn't stop our wrestling that included hair
pulling, groin punching, ear slapping, pink bellies, snake bites to the arm
and the world renown dutch rub.

Mom usually tune out our riotous shenanigans, shrugging it off as boys being
boys.. That and the fact that it occur at least five times a day.

But, doggone it a key plot twist was about to occur on As The World Turns and
so this got Moms ire up.

“You kids get out of the way, I'm not going to tell you again,” Which she yell
repeatedly.

Tim and I made things even more chaotic, when we decided to move from being
big time wrestlers to wild Indians. We perform bouncing fire dances in ever
widening circles complete with war whoops and chest pounding.

By the time the beleaguered women got us settle down, it was a Geritol
commercial moment and the the turning point plot twist on their story was
missed

The next afternoon at or about four o’clock, Tim and I were sitting cross
legged watching our favorite kids show. It was call the Buck Barry Show. I t
was hosted by a sad looking

alcoholic ex weathermen. Buck was always holding a guitar in hand , that most
likely he couldn't strum a note on. He wore a white ten gallon hat, a checker
shirt and leather chaps and scuff up looking cowboy boots. Looking back, he
hosted one of the unintentionally funnest shows in local TV history .

He was caught one time coming back from commercial break picking his nose. The
best was Buck admonishing the hyperactive kids in the peanut gallery. Once the
on air light was on he could be seen trying desperately to corral one of the
little miscreants back to their mini bleacher seats that Old Buck sat in the
middle of.

Tim and I were totally oblivious to the absurdity of the whole train wreck
call the Buck Barry Show. We were waiting for our cartoon favorites Popeye,
Heckel and Jeckel, Mighty Mouse and our favorites The Three Stooges

We sat transfix in front of the Black and White RCA monstrosity. We were in
mid Stooges Nirvana, when Mom and Grandma burst thru the basement double
doors.

There they perform a Indian war dance in front of the TV. Mom wearing her
Laura Petry tight fitting

calf high slacks. Grandma still garb in her floor length gray dress with her
clunky orthopedic wedge heel shoes.

“Hey you guys get out of the way,” My brother and I whine in unison

Then the Mother-daughter team amazed us both with a high stepping Irish jig.

They gleefully took turns swinging each other around in perfect twirls. All
that we could see of the TV was flashes of shadowy light.

By the time they ended their little mini frolic, we were back to Buck Berry.
Once again Buck had forgotten about the red on air light. He was forcefully
shoving a little black kid down into his peanut gallery seat. Buck was losing
it on air,. “We gotta stop getting these little Jig-a-boos on this show. I
can't control these nappy headed little brats.”

Mom and Grandma stop laughing.. They turn off the boob tube immediately. This
remark appalled their Mennonite sensibilities of justice, decency , world
peace and no name calling. for all

In the now quiet room, Mom and Grandma look down on us imperiously. “Now you
boys know what it's like, when you interrupt our stories.” Mom was still
trying to catch her breath. “ So let this be a lesson.”

Grandma shook her head in disgust “I never knew what a unchristian man that Mr
Barry was.

Imagine calling one of god's children terrible racists names like that.”

Luckily, we were rescue from a long lecture on current race issues, religion
and declining morals in America,by the wailing of our infant brother Phil

But from that day forward, we never mess around in front of the TV when As the
World Turns “was on. I also never forgot their out of character Irish Jig that
reveal a care free inner joy in the soul of these two quiet unassuming gentle
women.

