### The Savage Mandala by Sy Croydon

**Date Added:** 2014-05-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Here's Rochelle again - this time the busty brunette comes up against three of the things she hates most in all the world. Theme parks, bratty children and misbehaving clothing. But, being Rochelle, there's always the chance she'll accidentally come out a heroine yet again! 

* * *

# The Savage Mandala

C  
  
---  
  
AREFULLY, Rochelle looked around her, swivelling her head to make sure she had
covered every approach. _I hope nobody comes_, She thought. _I’ve already been
caught twice today already!_ She stopped breathing and listened. There was no
sound of approaching footsteps. _Oh don’t let anyone come_, she pleaded with
fate. _Just for a few seconds._

Silence. She was alone. Now to do what she had come to the lift-well to do.

Grabbing the waistband of her pantyhose with both hands, she bent her knees
and tugged upwards, wriggling the material up along her hips, gradually
straightening her legs so that the nylon again became taught. Static crackled
as her slip reacted to the hip movement and began to snake upwards, and
Rochelle felt the discomfort as her thong panties cut upwards into her private
parts.

_Even pulling up my pantyhose causes the rest of the outfit to fall apart!_
She moaned, diving up under her skirt and yanking at her slip. She planned to
de-wedge herself through her dress.

Rochelle had gathered the slip in her hands, a scrunched mass of white
material, well up above her fuscia-pink panties, when the lift door opened and
there, a surprised expression on his face, stood Mr Branigan.

“Rochelle?”

Hastily Rochelle let go her skirt, and tugged it down into position. Two
bright pink spots had appeared on her cheeks and were fast spreading over the
rest of her face.

“I’m sorry - it - you see - ”

“Rochelle, I need to see you in my office, in about five minutes, if you don’t
mind,” said Mr Branigan, sternly.

*****

_What a thing to happen. On Friday afternoon, too,_ moaned Rochelle to
herself, as all around her colleagues laughed and chattered, planning their
weekends, relaxed at the end of a gruelling week. _To be called into the
boss’s office and told off, just because I… because I accidentally showed my
knickers_. She blushed scarlet at the thought. _It isn’t as if I could help
it! After all, it’s not as if I asked for my pantyhose to keep sagging all
day_!

She could just see what would happen. The Board Of Directors of the Company -
and therefore Mr Branigan, who was their representative in more earthly realms
- were sticklers for correct dress. Pants, casual clothing, unwashed hair,
untied shoelaces… all were, at the traditional firm of Harcourt’s HardDrives…
considered very much _de-trop_. Correct dress – which included correct
fitting, modesty and an absence of wrinkles and creases - were considered an
outward expression of dedication and mental tidiness. A philosophy with which
Rochelle very much agreed. Indeed, she would have liked nothing better than
for her outfit to always remain neat and tidy, with everything firmly in
place.

Unfortunately, through no fault of her own, it never did.

No matter how much Rochelle spent on an outfit (and indeed, most of her
considerable salary went this way) no matter how carefully she dressed, how
cautious she was not to bend or stretch or otherwise contort her body in a way
to put any pressure on whatever she happened to be wearing, her clothes
inevitably failed to cooperate.

No matter how neat she was on leaving home, by mid morning her bra straps
would be slipping, her hosiery would be sagging, her shirt would be untucked,
or at the very least creased, and as for her slip… the only times when it
wasn’t showing was when it was caught up somewhere in a lost territory under
her skirt.

_These bloody pantyhose!_ She lamented, close to tears. _Not content with
embarrassing me all day, now they get me into trouble with the boss!_

Her face was scarlet, for this was another of Rochelle’s problems. At the
slightest disturbance to her equilibrium, even things that other women would
simply have airily dismissed, Rochelle would begin to blush. Inevitably she
would fight desperately to control it, and the harder she fought the worse it
seemed to get.

If the difficulty were a minor one - a peek of slip as she settled herself in
her seat, for instance, or the tag popping up at the back of her collar, or at
the waistband of her skirt - her cheeks would go pink. For more serious
difficulties - wrinkled hosiery, an untucked blouse (and for Rochelle these
things always happened at the most inconvenient moment, such as when
delivering presentations, or in a crowded public street) - her whole face
would go red.

And for really humiliating moments, and in poor Rochelle’s life, there were
too many of these even to list, her whole face would turn a bright scarlet, to
the extent that it could probably have substituted for landing lights had the
air-traffic controllers of the city where she lived had decided to go on
strike. Rochelle seemed to spend most of her waking life smoothing, tucking,
hitching, and otherwise adjusting, or looking for a private place in which to
do so! During her sleeping life of course, her nightgown rode up instead!

Really, it wasn’t fair. Other girls didn’t spend nearly so much on clothes,
didn’t take half as much care as she did. But nothing ever happened to them.
_Their_ zips didn’t slide down unseen, _their_ bras didn’t ride up until the
underwire was cutting into their breasts, _their _undie-elastic didn’t peep up
above their waistbands every time they reached up for something or knelt down.
Somewhere along the line Rochelle had offended the clothing gods, and since
then nothing had gone right. And now she was to be carpeted for something that
wasn’t even her fault.

_Maybe I should get another job,_ she thought. _Somewhere where I can wear
jeans._ But then she thought of what too tight, or too lose jeans might do -
and hers were always one or the other, usually both at the same time on
different parts of her body. At this thought, her face went white, and then
red again. By the time she arrived at Mr Branigan’s office, her whole body was
shaking.

“Have a seat, Rochelle,” he said, genially.

“Oh Mr Branigan, I’m so sorry,” shrieked Rochelle. “You see, my pantyhose were
sliding down, and I know you like your employees to be correctly dressed, so I
thought I’d better adjust them. But when I pulled them up my slip went up too,
and- ”

“It isn’t about that, Rochelle.”

“Oh it’s about last week? But you see, I was in the middle of the presentation
and I noticed that the top of my bra was showing over the top of my jacket. I
tried to adjust it as discretely as I could, but when I pulled it up I
accidentally took hold of the bra instead and- ”

“Relax, Rochelle. It isn’t about - ”

“Or if it’s about Monday, when I was wearing that short skirt and it rode up
when I - ”

“Rochelle!” Said Mr Branigan sharply, and she subsided. Although she had risen
high in the company ranks - she never failed to inform every new acquaintance
that she was an Assistant Marketing Director - Rochelle had an inbuilt fear of
authority.

“Rochelle, before you give me a complete catalogue of all of your sartorial
emergencies for the last six months, perhaps I’d better tell you what this is
about. For a start, you aren’t in here because you’re in trouble!”

Rochelle relaxed.

“But I _do_ need a favour!”

Rochelle’s heart sank again. Mr Branigan’s requests for favours inevitably
landed her in even more humiliating situations.

“But don’t worry. It’s nothing arduous. Quite pleasant in fact!”

Rochelle relaxed again.

“Providing you like children.”

This time Rochelle’s face went stark white!

*****

“I really am sorry, darling,” lamented Rochelle into her mobile. “I know we
had a lunch date. But you see, this client, Mr Flintoff, is really important
to the company, and we really need to keep his goodwill. And Mr Branigan said
that I was the only one he could trust to do it. You see, he… Mr Flintoff I
mean… has been called away suddenly, and his wife and son are stuck here in
the city. They’re from Canelands City. And someone has to entertain them, and
Mr Branigan had this important game of golf.

“What do you mean, how can a game of golf be important. Well, yes, you’ve got
a point I suppose, but it was with _another_ client. Yes, another important
one, as it turns out. I hope it isn’t that strange man again, because last
time he had to go for a golf game with him he came back smelling of perfume
and looking so tired, and I heard him moaning to Richard about the cost of
going to a pussy-house these days. I wonder why someone who breeds cats needs
so much computer equipment. Anyway, I _have_ to do it.

“Why? Because Mr Branigan caught me hoisting my pantyhose up, and… oh this is
embarrassing, do I _have_ to tell you… well, I was showing my knickers as it
turned out. What? The pink scanty ones, does it matter? And he didn’t say
anything about that, so I thought it was the least I could do. It’ll only be
for a few hours…

“No, Mel, I _can’t_ do it on my own. You _know_ I’m no good with children. I
never seem to be able to get them to do what I say. Please come Mel…

“What?”

“You’ll come if I wear _what_ for the party on Tuesday night?

“But Mel, you know that dress always rides up whenever I sit down!

“Oh _Mel_!

“Oh OK then. But I’m not wearing the French knickers under it, and that’s
final!

“What?

“Oh OK. But one hint of flashing lace, and I’m going home!

Rochelle smiled as she pushed the button to end the call.

_I knew he’d see reason_, She lied to herself. _I can twist that man around my
little finger._

_ _

_*****_

“Oh Suzie, what shall I wear?” Rochelle moaned. It mustn’t be anything too…
you know, too provocative… it’ll be bad for the company’s image. This is the
wife of an important client!”

“Well wear jeans and a t-shirt then.”

“Oh don’t be silly. I can’t wear casual clothing! This is the wife of - ”

“An important client.” Suzie mimicked Rochelle’s voice, which was normally a
pleasant contralto, but was apt whenever Rochelle became disconcerted, which
was often, to become squeaky. “OK, so wear a loose button-through dress, and
flat shoes!”

“Don’t be obtuse, Suzie. Mel’s coming too. I am _not_ going to dress like a
frump in front of my boyfriend!”

“Well, what about your blue suit?”

“Suzie you _know_ that’s too tight! Can you imagine what sort of impression
that’s going to make, having to tug at my hem all through lunch. Anyway, I’m
going to wear suspenders, I’m absolutely sick of having my pantyhose sag on me
all day! And the bumps show through that skirt!”

“This is like preparing the Queen for a state dinner party!” Lamented Suzie.
“Now let’s see. Nothing too tight, so that lets out most of your dresses.
Nothing too short, or knowing you you’ll be flashing your stocking tops all
afternoon.”

Rochelle coloured up. “Thank you Suzie, that’s just what my self-confidence
needs!”

“Well it’s true. Nothing frumpy, and nothing daring. And nothing that gives
you trouble! That just about puts the kybosh on your whole wardrobe.”

Rochelle’s face had become redder.

“Oh Suzie, what am I going to do?”

Suzie smiled.

“Don’t worry, Roche. Just leave it to your auntie Suzie. That’s what I’m here
for. Now what about that pleated white skirt?”

Rochelle brightened up.

“Suze, that’s brilliant! I’d forgotten about that!” She paused. “But that’s
virtually transparent. I wanted to wear my scanty knickers… and they’re nearly
all black. You know how Mel loves black…”

“Well, you’ll have to wear your high-waisted white ones this time. Then you
won’t suffer from see-through trouble. And that cream suspender belt, that’s
the only one that never comes unclipped.”

“But Suzie, that one _cuts_ me!”

“Well with you, it’s always one thing or another. I don’t think you’ve got a
single suspender belt that doesn’t either dig in or come undone!”

“Oh yes I _have_!” said Rochelle defiantly. “The lilac one!”

“So why don’t you wear that?”

Rochelle lowered her eyes to the floor.

“Because my stockings always wrinkle when I wear that one.”

“Then it’ll have to be the cream one, yes?”

“I suppose so,” mumbled Rochelle, in a resigned voice.

*****

By the time she had picked up Mel and driven to the Royal Park Hotel, where
Mrs Flintoff and her son were staying, Rochelle had had to admit that as a
sartorial advisor, she could have done a lot worse than trust Suzie. She was
wearing the white pleated skirt with a black short-sleeved top, the latter
fitting perfectly, showing off her large, firm breasts to perfection. And her
expensive _Wunderbra_, which was one of the few that she had that had never
ridden up, slipped down or otherwise given trouble. And with the white skirt
she had on cream stockings, with a delicate lacy pattern on the outside of the
calves to add that exotic touch.

Since Rochelle had thin calves (yet another source of embarrassment to her)
she was gratified to see that the light stockings made them look slightly less
like pipe stems. And her shoes (for Rochelle possessed more shoes than Imelda
Marcos) which were of a cream and black two-tone, went perfectly with the rest
of the outfit.

Slipwise, too, things were about as well as could be expected for Rochelle.
The lack of synthetic materials in the skirt meant that there was little or no
static to cause her slip to ride up at embarrassing moments, and the slip
itself (which was of a cream material, with two inches of lace at the hem) was
so much shorter than the skirt that even if it did creep down it would not
show. _Altogether, about as safe an outfit as you could get,_ Rochelle noted
with satisfaction. If only her suspenders didn’t start cutting her!

*****

“Are your suspenders cutting you or something?” Mel whispered, as they waited
at reception for Mrs Flintoff and her son to arrive.

Rochelle’s face reddened.

“Yes, as a matter of fact they are,” she replied, wriggling. “I _had_ hoped
you’d be too much of a gentleman to notice!”

“I thought you might need a modesty shield,” said Mel, unabashed. “It’s just
that there’s a couple of guys looking at you.”

“Oh _shit_! _No_!” Rochelle hastily jerked her hands away from her upper
thighs.” “You might have _told_ me!”

“I just did!”

“Oh Mel, you know how I hate people seeing me… seeing me straighten my
clothing. Quick, there must be a corner somewhere where I can… make myself
comfortable!”

“It’ll have to be quick. If you aren’t here to meet Mrs Flintstone, or
whatever her name is it won’t look too good for your precious company!”

“Oh Mel, don’t make fun. You know how I always find these situations
embarrassing What about that pot plant over there? I can duck behind that, and
you can keep watch.”

Mel and Rochelle walked over to the pot plant and while Mel stood nonchalantly
by it smoking a cigar, Rochelle went behind it and flung up her skirt.

“No-one’s coming, are they? I’m going to have to undo my suspenders and re-do
them, my stockings are all twisted round.”

“Not for the moment.”

Rochelle undid the two suspenders on her left stocking, straightened the top
of the stocking, and re-fastened herself.”

“It’s OK,” Mel said, sneaking a quick look. “She’s not here yet. And no-one’s
coming.”

“Rochelle shifted her attention to the right, undid both suspenders and
straightened the right stocking.

“Roche, there’s someone coming over here. A snooty looking woman and a brat!”

“Oh damn!” hissed Rochelle. She grabbed for her suspender, and it eluded her,
springing up her skirt. Frantically Rochelle grabbed for it, burrowing up
under her slip and skirt, which action caused her to lose the other suspender
as well.

“Keep them talking!” She hissed, frantically searching for her errant
suspenders… while the stocking that they were supposed to be keeping in place
slid forlornly down her leg. “I can’t let her see me like this!”

“Mrs Flintoff?” She heard Mel’s voice say, smoothly and confidently. “I’m
Ralph Davies, Rochelle’s friend. Rochelle will be here in just a moment, just
had to make an urgent phone call. And you must be Nathan!”

“I _am_ sorry about the _Mighty Morphin Power Rangers_ suit.” She heard a
sophisticated, articulate voice say. “He insisted on wearing it. You know how
kids are at that age!”

Rochelle struggled with her troublesome suspender. _Bloody long fingernails,_
She moaned to herself. _Bloody_ long skirt. _Bloody_ suspenders!!!”

“Yes, I always love Edenglassie City.” Mrs Flintoff’s voce was saying. “The
plants here. I’m a very keen amateur gardener, you know. We have six acres.
That’s why I love this hotel you know, there’s some wonderful native plants.”
The voice seemed to be getting nearer. “Like that, for example. That’s a
lovely example of _Hymenosporum flavum_. A sort of Frangipanni, you know. See
the wide leaves, and these lovely little flowers, and… good _grief_!”

Rochelle looked up, still struggling with her neurotic suspenders. To see a
long, heavily made up face, with its eyebrows raised what seemed inches above
her eyes.

The face had elaborately piled blonde hair, piercing blue eyes, long pendant
earrings in a triangular pattern, studded with diamonds, immaculate make-up
and the sort of tight skin that could only have come from the surgeon’s art.
The rest of the body was clad in a tasteful grey fleck suit, that must have
cost more than most evening dresses. Mrs Flintoff was still gripping the broad
leaf of the _Hymenosporum flavum… _but her perfectly symmetrical mouth was
open in shock.

“Let _me_ see, mummy,” came the shrill voice of a spoiled six year old.

“Er… um…” Rochelle’s face was a bright crimson, but she knew her social duty.
She flung down her slip and skirt and extended her right hand. As she did so
her stocking slid down again, gathering into a pool of nylon at her ankle.
“Rochelle Heath.”

“Mummy, mummy. The lady’s wearing suspendies,” squeaked Nathan, excitedly.
“Just like that web page daddy’s always looking at!”

“Karen Flintoff.” The woman said, almost as embarrassed as Rochelle. “Er,
that’s a most unusual place to keep your mobile phone!”

*****

“You don’t want to worry about it, dear,” said Mrs Flintoff, as the four of
them drove out of the hotel parking ground. “I’m sure it could happen to
anybody.”

_Oh no it couldn’t_. thought Rochelle. _It could only happen to _me_. Just
when I need to make a good impression on the wife of an important client_.

“I really am terribly sorry. It’s never happened to me before.”

_Mel, If you say anything to contradict that,_ she thought desperately, hoping
that she could somehow transmit the message telepathically _I’ll never wear
French knickers for you again_!

Happily Mel, who was engaged in playing some complicated hand held computer
game with Nathan in the back seat, made no response.

“Yes, I always dread such things happening to me,” continued Mrs Flintoff.
“Luckily they never seem to. It must be horrible, too, the way your stocking
slid down like that. Rather like a comedy film. And the way your skirt was
right up above your… um, your briefs, like that.”

_Do you have to go into such detail, you bitch?”_ fumed Rochelle, inwardly.

“Yes, it _was_ a little embarrassing,” she said, out loud. Damnit, her voice
was beginning to squeak again. “Particularly since, as I say, it’s never
happened to me before.”

_Please, please can we change the subject_!

“I suppose that’s why you were behind the pot plant. I can imagine it would be
a little disconcerting having everybody watch while you… er… straightened your
underclothing.”

_No, it was because I’m kinky about Frangipanni, you stupid cow_. “Yes, I
thought it would be a little more discreet, under the circumstances.” _Now can
we please stop talking about this. My blush is going to take a month to die
down as it is!_

“Yes, I often wonder what I’d do if that happened to me. It must have been
awful. I’m sorry about Nathan making… that remark. It’s just that his father…
well, you know how some men are about suspenders. And Nathan takes after his
father, I’m afraid.”

_No wonder he gets on so well with Mel_! “No, that’s fine. Boys will be boys.”
_And ill-mannered undisciplined brats will be undisciplined brats. Now can we
_please_ talk about something less humiliating_!

“Anyway, I hope they don’t… um, give trouble again. It must be awful.”

“No, that’s quite all right, I’m sure they’ll behave themselves now.” _For
about ten minutes, before they start driving me mad again, knowing my luck_!
“Now, did you have any particular preference as to restaurants? I do know of a
rather good Lebanese place, just round the corner. And Shanahan’s, the Irish
place, is really good for lunch. Or we can drive into Defiance Valley, if
you’d rather.”

“Are we goin’ to some ole _restaurant_!” Came Nathan’s voice from the back
seat.

“Hush Nathan.” Said Mrs Flintoff, in a voice that knew it was going to be
ignored. “I’m sure Ms Heath will take us somewhere nice!”

“Or we can drive out into the suburbs,” continued Rochelle. “There’s a nice
little Jamaican-inspired place that serves excellent cocktails, at Rupaku. Or
in South Eden there’s some excellent bistros.”

“I don’ wanna go to no restaurant!” Nathan insisted, in his spoiled, squeaky
voice. “Mummy, you promised we’d go to ‘KydsWurld’! Can’t stockin’ lady take
us to KydsWurld?”

“Oh dear, yes. But we can’t this time, Nathan. I wasn’t to know that Daddy was
going to be called away now, was I? And don’t call her ‘Stocking Lady’, it’s
Ms Heath to you! I promise next time we’ll…”

“Kids World?” Rochelle asked, pleased to talk about anything rather than have
the conversation drift back to her suspender trouble.

“Yes, K-Y-D-S-W-U-R-L-D. it’s an amusement park with rides, and such things.
They're always advertising it in Canelands City, but there isn’t actually a
franchise there. So Nathan’s always wanting to go, and I promised him that
we’d do so next time we were down here. I’m sorry he’s being so difficult
today… he usually behaves himself so well.”

“_And so do my suspenders_!” Rochelle thought. “_Like _Hell!”

“Well, is that such a problem, Roche?” Asked Mel from the back seat. “I mean,
it’s only out at Woodlands. That’s only about half an hour on the freeway!”

“Oh no. I couldn’t impose!” Mrs Flintoff said, in a relieved voice.

“Nonsense,” replied Rochelle. “It’s no trouble at all.” She hoped Mrs Flintoff
couldn’t hear the snarl in her voice. She flicked on her indicator and
filtered onto the freeway that led to the southern suburbs.

“Stockin’ lady’s takin’ us to KydsWurld,” Nathan sang happily, bobbing up and
down in the back seat. Rochelle drove on, indulging in a pleasant fantasy
about Mrs Flintoff, Mr Branigan, who had got her into this mess, Nathan the
brat, and the maker of her suspender belt all bubbling away in particularly
greasy and hot oil. Only this time Mel, who had suggested going to this bloody
theme park, was in there with them! She couldn’t make out why, as the oil got
hotter and hotter, and Rochelle stoked more and more coal on the fire, Mel was
still peering over the rim of the pot, puffing on a cigar and winking at her
with an amused expression on his lean face.

*****

_Forty bloody pounds!_ thought Rochelle. _Forty pounds. Just to slide on a few
water-slides and eat Dagwwod Dogs. Unreal. Still I guess it would have cost
the company more to take the two of them to lunch!_ She slid out of the car,
carefully holding onto the pleated skirt, which was already so crumpled it
looked as if she had slept in it. Maybe she should have worn synthetic stuff
after all, and risked her slip creeping up. She smoothed her rumpled shirt
back into her waistband and carefully looked down and checked her stockings.
Although there was the slightest of almost invisible folds at her ankle, they
would suffice until she could get to a toilet and straighten things. Which she
had to do soon, anyway… that damn suspender belt was digging into her again.

“We’re goin’ to KydsWurld. We’re goin’ to KydsWurld!” Nathan sang, in an
excited, nasal montone. We’re goin’ to KydsWurld Stockin’ Lady’s takin’ us to
KydsWurld!”

“Nathan. What have I told you about that!” mymbled Mrs Flintoff, weakly. “You
know her name is- ”

“_Stockin’_ lady!” Nathan howled in triumph, grabbing Rochelle’s skirt from
behind and lifting it up as high as his arms could reach. “See. _Stockin’_
lady!”

“Nathan!” screeched Mrs Flintoff, dragging her undisciplined offspring away
into the corner, as howls and whistles erupted everywhere. Rochelle’s face was
crimson again, as she scurried away in the opposite direction, frantically
trying to hide herself, followed by Mel. She had only been out of the car ten
seconds, and already half of the patrons of the fair had seen her
unmentionables! Hastily she put herself to rights, while in another corner Mrs
Flintoff lectured Nathan, hopefully about the behaviour becoming to a
gentleman.

“And I don’t see what’s so _funny_!” Rochelle hissed to Mel, who was almost
helpless with laughter. “I daresay you wouldn’t find it quite so amusing if
your panties and slip and suspenders had been on show to the whole world.”

“I only wear black ones anyway. Oh come on Roche, what’s the big deal. Brats
are always doing things like that. That’s one embarrassing occurrence that’s
happened to other women too. There’s this really funny picture on Delphi’s
_Blown Skirt Forum_ where this woman’s…”

“Mel, I do not give a damn about some pornographic picture from the internet!
I happen to have just been exposed in public. Once was bad enough… and now
this!”

“But it’s happened to other women, too.”

“But it’s worse for me!”

“Why?”

“Because I just _happen_ to be wearing high-waist panties. And for your
information they happen to have _sagged_… you may have noticed they’re all
wrinkled and bunched around my middle. I would have preferred that particular
difficulty to have remained a secret.”

“But your knickers are always falling down.”

“Well, thank you very much, Ralph Mel Davies! Thank you very much. I was quite
naively thinking that after a humiliating situation like this, a girl might
have been able to count on the support of her boyfriend, at least. Thank you
so much! And it’s all your fault!”

“Mine?” asked Mel, genuinely surprised.

“Yes. Yours! If you hadn’t opened your big mouth and suggested coming here,
this would never have happened!”

“but Roche, don’t you understand?” Mel replied, becoming serious. “Apart from
getting in the brat’s good books, and by extension his mother’s… which won’t
do your standing at the company any harm… there’s another advantage to coming
here!”

“Well, if there is, I can’t see it. Except that, as a big kid, you might have
got in for half price like Nathan did!”

“Look, my sweet one. You’re having trouble with your suspenders, right?”

“Yes, that embarrassing fact _does_ happen to be true, but I fail to see what
bearing it has on this discussion!”

“Well, if we went to a restaurant,” Mel continued, patiently. “You’d have to
spend the whole tugging at them, or at best wriggling in discomfort the whole
time. And old ma Flinstone and the brat from hell know there’s a problem, and
from what I eavesdropped in the back seat, she won’t miss a chance to remind
you of the fact. She’s one of those bitchy women that love to see other women
embarrassed. And Nathan will be asking (he mimicked the child’s nasal
falsetto) ‘Mummy is stockin’ lady havin’ suspender trouble again?’

“Now here, the sprog will be off on rides most of the time. And there’s a
press of crowds here, so if things get too uncomfortable, you can adjust
things without anyone noticing. Thought it might be a bit less embarrassing
for you.” He set his mouth grimly. “I _thought_ I was helping! That’s the last
time I try to help when you’re having trouble with your undies!”

“Oh Mel, I’m sorry.” she repled, touching him on the arm. “I can see you were
trying to help. Yes, it might be a little less humiliating if I _do_ need to,
er - ,” her blush, which was just beginning to die down, flared again, “to
straighten anything. Thank you Mel. I do appreciate it, though it’s
humiliating that it’s necessary for you to do so.”

“Oh that’s OK,” grinned Mel, “Stocking Lady.” He hastily stepped back, as
Rochelle bared her teeth. His safety was preserved by the arrival of Mrs
Flintoff and Nathan, looking more subdued than he had been when he went away.

“Ms Heath, I believe Nathan has something to say to you,” Mrs Flintoff said.

“I’m sorry I lifted up your skirt and embarrassed you, Ms Heath,” mumbled
Nathan.

“And?” prompted his mother.

“And that I called you Stockin’ Lady. I didn’t mean it.”

“Oh that’s OK,” said Rochelle, trying to force a smile.

“I know it’s wrong to lift ladies skirts up when their knickers are fallin’
down- "

“Nathan!” shrieked Mrs Flintoff.

A helpless snort came from Mel as he collapsed with laughter.

*****

“You wouldn’t get me up there.” Rochelle said, gripping Mel’s arm. “Not for a
million pounds.”

They looked up at the big wheel, where Nathan, having demanded (and got) his
eighth ride, was gleefully shrieking every time he went past. Mrs Flintoff had
gone over to the fairy-floss stall, hoping that she would reach the front of
the queue and obtain the refreshment that Nathan had demanded before the ride
came to an end.

“Can’t say I blame you.” Mel replied. “It’s nice to look at though. Like a
huge Mandala… you know, like the Easterners have. Meditation aid.” He looked
down at Rochelle's legs, where she was adjusting something. “You OK?”

She wriggled, blushing, and tugging at the front of her thigh with one hand.

“It’s these damn suspenders. They’re shifting again.

“Didn’t you just fix them?”

“Yes, but they’re digging in again. It’s walking up that last flight of steps
that did it.”

“Do you need a loo?”

“There’s not one for miles! I’ve been looking. Still, there’s one blessing. At
least I can keep my sagging knickers a secret, with that brat safe at the top
of the big wheel.”

“yes, I’m sure that’s a comfort to you.” Mel said. “Though-“

Just as he said that, there was an almighty gust of wind, and Rochelle’s light
pleated skirt again flew upwards. Frantically she grabbed at it, battling to
keep it in place, while both skirt and slip billowed northward. She felt cold
air on the crack at the top of her buttocks. Those damn panties had sagged
even further! Other women, who were wearing pants, or whose skirts were either
tighter or heavier, looked at her sympathetically. Rochelle’s face again
turned beet red.

“Though you’ve still got to look out for the wind,” Mel finished.

“Oh no. That’s it! I’m going home!” wailed Rochelle, moving towards what she
hoped was the direction of the car park. “Mr Branigan can do his own bloody
job in future! Tell Mrs Flintoff I got taken sick!”

Mel grabbed her arm.

“Roche, you can’t run out now!”

“Huh? Why not?”

“Look, my sweet, from now on I’ll walk behind you, and when… if, I mean, if…
your skirt blows up I’ll be in the way so no-one will see anything. And I’ll
grab it before it gets high enough up for anyone to see that your knickers are
riding down. Come on, only another hour or so and the brat’ll get bored, and
we can go home.”

“Mel, I’ve flashed my pants to a whole theme park, my suspenders are cutting,
my skirts crumpled, and my knickers are falling down. I am _not_ staying!”

“Oh Roche don’t be such a coward.”

“It’s all right for you. Your clothing’s _behaving_!”

Mel reached across and brushed her hair away from her face, where in her
agitation it had escaped from its bow.

“Just an hour Roche. You can do it, my brave girl.”

“Well OK. But I’m going to go to the toilet and fix these damn suspenders
first.”

*****

Rochelle emerged from the toilet feeling more comfortable than she had for
some time. She had tightened her stockings, eased and straightened her belt,
hoisted up her panties (they had not stayed there but immediately sagged
again… in fact they were getting worse, but at least it would take them a few
minutes to become as bad as they were), re-done her make up and re-tied her
elaborate hair bow. And Mel was right after all… despite her wind-caused
shame, it would have been worse to have had to hitch and yank at her
suspenders all through a long lunch.

And Mel was being so tender, so nice. Her heart warmed. She really was a lucky
girl, to have Mel, who was always so supportive, so understanding…

And was currently, she saw in the distance, whispering some sort of sweet
nothing in Mrs Flintoff’s ear! And as she drew closer she saw what was even
worse. He had his hand around her waist, and it was straying down onto her
_derriere_!

Rochelle bridled. As if she hadn’t had enough humiliation for one day, now
this woman was making a play for her Mel… or worse… a chill ran through her…
Mel was making a play for _her_! She considered the day, and it did not make
for comforting memories. She had spent the whole time whining and complaining,
she'd abused him in public, made a total fool of herself… she knew Mel had a
taste for sophisticated women, and she, Roche, had appeared far from that
throughout the day! Now she was reaping the whirlwind of her lack of control…
both of her clothes and her self.

The horrible truth took away her breath. She was losing Mel.

Rochelle was not, she knew, good at conflict. She was in awe of most other
women. But this one was stealing her Mel, a man dear to her. She had found the
man of her dreams, and now she wasn’t going to lose him. Rochelle squared her
shoulders, shook out her hair, tugged down her skirt, and walked up to where
Mrs Flintoff and Mel were engaged, tete-a-tete.

_Excuse me. I don’t know if you’ve remembered, but you happen to be a married
woman. With a son. A particularly bratty and badly behaved example of the
breed, but a son nonetheless. And that man happens to be my boyfriend._

_ _

_Of course. You’re right. Please forgive me. I’m so sorry… it’s just that…
well, you looked so happy together, and I was so jealous…_

Of course, realised Rochelle, the script in real life would be unlikely to go
the way it was in her pleasant fantasy.

“Excuse me,” she began. And stopped. Mrs Flintoff and Mel looked up guiltily.
Rochelle took Mel’s arm, and rested her head on his shoulder.

“Hi darlin’” she said, in what she hoped was a sexy voice, with overtones of
Carolina cum Georgia, which he had confessed to finding sexy. In actual fact
it sounded more like Rochelle was suffering from a particularly bad form of
asthma, but fortunately for her already flagging self-esteem she didn’t know
this.

“Know anything about getting fairy floss off a skirt?” Mel asked. Mrs Flintoff
turned, and Rochelle saw the sticky mass on the side… she had been jostled in
the crowd, the fairy floss had fallen off its stick, and in the crush been
pushed against the grey suit… making an irrevocable stain.

“I’ve been brushing at it, but it isn’t doing much good.”

Rochelle was exultant. Not only had her suspicions about Mel been unfounded,
but at last… someone else was in an embarrassing situation instead of her… and
what was more, she, Rochelle, had the means to extricate her from it. For as a
natural born klutz, Rochelle was always spilling food on herself… and
inevitably carried a small bottle of methylated spirits and a bag of cotton
wool balls with her. For once, she would be the rescuer and another woman the
victim!

“Hang on,” she smiled, upending the bottle and soaking a cotton wool ball.
“We’ll have that off in a jiffy.”

“Roche… no!” Mel screamed, as Rochelle rubbed at the stain.

Rochelle scrubbed frantically at the stain… funny, it did not seem to be
coming off.

“Roche, it’s grinding it further in!” Mel screamed, grabbing at her hand to
restrain her. “Quick, find a tap and get that spirit out, before the stain
sets irrevocably.”

“This suit cost three hundred pounds!” Wailed Mrs Flintoff.

Frantically, Rochelle looked round. There was a tap nearby. She dived for it,
picking up a discarded styrofoam coffee cup1 from the ground as she ran,
filled the cup, and, tottering on her heels, scuttled back to where Mel was
still scrubbing at the skirt with his saliva-wettened handkerchief. It did not
appear to be doing much good.

“We need more water!” Mrs Flintoff wailed.

“Here it - ” Said Rochelle, and just then the wind gusted behind her again.
Mindful of her skirt, Rochelle twisted to grab the hem, and promptly tripped,
her shoes flying off… the cup leaped from her hand, drenching Mrs Flintoff’s
face and the upper part of her white _Courges_ blouse!

Mrs Flintoff spluttered.

“Maybe we should have gone to ‘Waterworld’ said Melvay laconically, dabbing at
Mrs Flintoff’s face with the dry part of his handkerchief, while Rochelle sat
in the corner frantically trying not to cry. The only bright spot was that
Nathan the brat, who was busily enjoying his eleventh ride on the big wheel,
had missed her latest humiliation!

By the time she had pulled herself together enough to take any interest in the
proceedings, Mel had done what he could with more water from the tap and
though the stain was still noticeable, it was not quite as bad as it had been.
Nonetheless, there was a noticeable coolness on the part of Mrs Flintoff
towards Rochelle… and her temper could hardly have been improved by the fact
that she was now soaking wet!

“Well, we can fix that, anyway,” said Mel. “Look, if you stand in the wind for
a while, it’ll soon dry. And the stain might look better when it dries out.”

Months of mollifying Rochelle after her various clothing humiliations had made
Mel fairly skilful in the art of placating upset women, and after a few
moments Mrs Flintoff saw the sense in this. Leaving Nathan to his circulatory
pleasures, they made their way in the direction of a small hut, on the door of
which was a sign bearing the legend “Windworld.”

“It’s probably a history of farts through the ages,” Mel whispered in
Rochelle's ear, and as it was calculated to do, it made her forget her
humiliating day for a few seconds while she laughed.

Rochelle paid for their entrance, carefully secreting the ticket away in her
handbag for her expense account (which had taken a beating today), and
followed Mrs Flintoff into the hut. After a short wait in a queue, they edged
forward through a door. Despite her emotional turmoil, Rochelle was
interested. She could hear the sound of hysterical laughter from behind the
door… whatever was being demonstrated here must be quite funny… Mel stood
back, bowing ironically to allow the ladies through first.

“But what can it be?” Rochelle wondered. “That’s making everyone laugh so
much.”

She soon found out.

“Whoooooooooossssssssssshhhhhhh!”

Rochelle screamed as a powerful updraught flung her skirt above her head. “Not
again!” she wailed, remembering with a start that her panties had now sagged
lower than ever… and that, in fact, if she didn’t get hold of a safety pin
soon she would be in for even more embarrassment. Even Mrs Flintoff laughed,
and though this made it even more humiliating, it at least put her in a better
temper!

“I suppose you think that’s _funny_, Ralph Mel Da- ” She began, her large
breasts joggling up and down in anger.

“Whhhooooooooossssssshhhhhh!”

Most people who entered a place called “Windworld” would have expected it to
be based upon the American fun parks of the fifties, and they’d have been
right. Those in the know would, of course, have made sure to keep a tight hold
on their skirts!

What they might not have expected was for there to be a second updraught, just
as they thought they were safe. Yet again, Rochelle’s skirt went up above her
head… her blush went into supersonic mode… and as she blundered and shambled,
she felt her panties shift further downwards and was forced to grab at them
and yank them up. So quickly did she do so that she had them back into place
before her skirt came down.

Was it her imagination, or had someone said “Nice pubic hair.” It was just as
well that it was biologically impossible for Rochelle’s blush to get any
deeper. She wondered if it were possible to actually faint from embarrassment!

She was again close to tears by the time they had emerged into the open air.
But at least Mrs Flintoff appeared in a better temper.

“I suppose we’d better go and pick up that son of mine,” she said, and the
three adults - one nearly comatose with laughter, one wet, and one with a face
so red it was like a ripe tomato - made their way back towards the big wheel.

“These crowds seem thicker than usual,’ Mel said. “Must be the busy part of
the day!”

_Or they know I’m going to walk through here again! _moaned Rochelle to
herself. _And they’ve pre-booked for the next session of ‘Upskirts with
Rochelle!’_

“You OK?” Mel whispered, as they pushed their way through the crowd. “Are your
suspenders comfortable.”

“They’re the least of my worries. My knickers are getting _worse_!”

It was true. They were, after all, one of her oldest pairs, and the elastic
was far from in the flush of youth. It was this that had caused them to sag
and wrinkle around her midriff throughout the day. But now, due to the rigours
of the day, it was close to giving up the ghost entirely, forcing Rochelle to
tug at them with ever other step to avoid even more embarrassment than she had
so far suffered! Oh, she was so sick of being a constant laughing stock. It
was bad enough at work… but for this to happen on Saturday as well!

And the crowd really was thick. Why, there were even more people here than
could be expected for a busy theme park on a Saturday. And why were most of
them looking upwards?

“They should close this place down,” she heard someone say. “It’s a disgrace!”

“But there’s signs everywhere saying ‘All care and no responsibility’” someone
else replied.

“But where are the authorities? There should be some attendants here to get
the people down!”

“They’ve sent for a fire truck. If the kid had only stayed put he would have
been OK!”

And then there was a piercing shriek just a few inches from Rochelle’s ear.

“_Nathan_!!!”

Rochelle swung round, to see Mrs Flintoff screaming frantically!

“Nathan. Nathan. _Nathan_!!!”

She pointed up to the top of the big wheel which Rochelle now saw had somehow
jammed, and it was this that had caused the crush of spectators. But worse,
while all the other patrons were sitting in their seats, patiently waiting for
the arrival of the rescuers, Nathan had grown tired of waiting and had
clambered out of his seat and a short way down the “spokes” of the wheel…
where he was now stuck, screaming hysterically, hanging on grimly but afraid
to move. His seat had only been a short way up from the ground, at about the
eight o’clock position, but all the same, to fall from there would have meant
either extinction or at best extreme multiple injuries.

“Nathan! Stay where you are!” Mel shouted upwards, as he fought his way
through the crowd.

“_Mel_. _No_!” Rochelle screamed, almost as hysterically as Mrs Flintoff.
Brats like Nathan were, after all, ten cents a dozen. There was only one Mel!

“Come back Mel. Please!” But she was too late. He had already leaped onto the
surreal arrangement of rigging and crossbars that made up the spokes of the
wheel, and was fast scrambling upwards.

“Mel! Be !” She whimpered. But her plea was drowned out by a stereophonic
scream - one from Mrs Flintoff, the other from Nathan, who had lost his grip
with one hand and was now clutching the bar frantically with the other!

Rochelle hurtled in Mel's wake, and stopped at the bottom of the wheel,
watching as Mel climbed diagonally upwards, taking the shortest route towards
Nathan, who was now sobbing and screaming.

“Hang on, mate!” he screamed. “And stay _still_!”

But Nathan was taking little heed of Mel’s instructions. He thrashed
frantically, as if in the throes of some fatal fever. It was obvious to all
that if Mel didn’t get to him soon his actions would prove fatal.

A wave of horror shot through Rochelle. Her Mel… _her_ _Mel_… was up there,
risking his life. If he should fall…

And without really knowing what she was doing, or what she could achieve even
if she got to him, Rochelle kicked off her heels, jumped onto the lowest bar
and scrambled after her lover.

She was half way towards Nathan before sanity shot through her like a wave of
iced surf. And by then her stockinged feet were sliding and slipping on the
metal of the bars. Like Nathan, fear shot through her. The dreadful
realisation came upon her that she too was stuck half way.

And then, as if to punish her for her foolhardiness, another wind shot across
the wheel and once again, with a loud “whoooooossssssshhhh,” up went her
skirt!

“She’s wearing suspenders!” She heard from below.

“Is that a nappy?”

“No, I think her knickers are falling down!”

_Oh shit_, Moaned Rochelle, under her breath. _A true lady wouldn’t be found
dead in sagging undies - and if I don’t hold on, I’m about to!_

Bursting into tears, she gave herself up to her fate.

“Roche!” came a familiar voice. “Roche!”

She looked up with her tearstained face, to see Mel hanging on to the bars of
the wheel with both hands as he clambered down towards her.

“Roche, the brat’s thrashing around. I think he’s about to faint! And I need
both hands to get past this bit! I can’t hold him if he falls. You’ll have to
help.”

“What do I have to do?”

“Well, can you climb a little bit higher.”

“I… I think so!”

“Well come on then. And hurry… I can hang on all day if I have to… but I can’t
catch him if he falls!”

Rochelle inched her way upwards, her knuckles white with holding on, her face
even whiter with terror!

“That’s it, Roche. That’s a good girl! Another foot or so should do it.”

“Mel, I can’t!”

She burst into tears again. “I can’t!”

“Yes you can, sweet lady! You can do it, my Rochelle. Sexiest gymnast in
history. Another foot. Come on, darling. Do it for me!”

And not even daring to breathe, Rochelle made her way upwards, until she was
level with Mel.

“Now what do you want me to do?”

“Hold him by the collar. Thank Chance he’s wearing that “Power Rangers” one-
piece… it’s easier to hold than a normal shirt would be! I need two hands to
get by this bit that sticks out. If he falls, hold on… that’s it, hook your
arm around the bar so you can’t fall. It’ll just be for a few seconds, then
I’ll take him again!”

Melvay grunted as he climbed down past her, and Rochelle held onto the
neckpiece of the suit for grim life.

And then, just as they were at the most awkward part, with Mel manoeuvring his
body between Rochelle’s arms and the machine, as if they were playing some
weird three-dimensional game of “_Twister_”, there was another gust of wind.

“Oh nooooooo!!!” Screamed Rochelle as her skirt flew upwards again! And with a
shock she felt her panties slipping down past her thighs. The valiant but
outmatched elastic had given up at last!

“Mel, my knickers are falling down,” sobbed Rochelle. “And my skirt’s blown up
again!” she added, hysterically, conscious that every spectator had now seen
her bare posterior.

“Never mind, my sweet.” He kissed her as he went past. “I can hold him now.
Just stay there and I’ll come back for you.”

Terror and embarrassment fought for control over Rochelle’s actions. Contrary
to what would have happened in most women, embarrassment won!

“I am not staying here to have my skirt blow up over my bare ass again, thank
you very much!” She wailed, carefully feeling her way downwards with her
stockinged feet. Her shirt was now out of her waist and bunched up in a series
of doughnut-shaped ridges between her breasts and stomach, while her
suspenders were now so twisted and disarranged she felt as if she were wearing
some sort of medieval torture-garment around her waist and upper thighs. Two
of them had come adrift but miraculously her stockings were still in place,
held by the remaining two! If only the same could have been said for her
panties, which were now at her lower thighs, just above her knees – which, as
well as being hyper-embarrassing, was also restricting her movements!

And then “Whooooosssshhh!”

Another gust of wind, and another upwards flight of the skirt!

This was too much. Rochelle scrambled down the last few feet, ignoring the
sight of Mrs Flintoff embracing the unconscious Nathan, conscious only of Mel
stretching out his arms to her. She flung herself at him, howling.

“Oh Mel. Mel. I thought we were both going to die!”

“I’m too wicked and you provide the world with too much entertainment!” He
laughed, enveloping her in his hug. Er, Roche…”

“Yes darling!” She looked up at him, her heart pounding. Rochelle had not
watched every romantic film made since 1935 for nothing. She knew that this
was the moment that he would propose!

“Rochelle, I have something very important to say to you.”

“Yes, my darling! My sweet. My only.”

“Rochelle, this is all very pleasant, but don’t you think you’d better pull
your knickers up again… by the look of it they’re round about knee level!”

“Oh how can I ever thank you enough!” Mrs Flintofff said, for the hundredth
time, embracing Rochelle. “Nathan’s a very, very naughty boy, giving me such a
shock like that! I’ll make sure he’s severely punished!”

_That’ll be the day,_ Thought Rochelle, privately. _Spoiled little brat_! But
her heart wasn’t really in it! For after her brush with death, her heart was
pounding with an adrenalin high. And though Mel hadn’t actually _proposed_,
while he had held her in his arms she knew that he was the _one_! She was
singing inside! And it was hard to be too angry at Nathan, after what he had
said, his first words on regaining consciousness after Mel had lowered him
gently to the ground and into his mother’s embrace.

“Thank you for saving me, Stockin’ Lady.”

Melvay was looking down at something behind Mrs Flintoff’s hem, as she
embraced Rochelle.

“So you wear stockings too,” he laighed. “I _did_ wonder!”

“Oh you naughty man!” Mrs Flintoff giggled, colouring up and aiming a mock
punch at him. “And now, Mel and Rochelle, I think you’d better put your best
smiles on… there’s a man with a camera wants to interview you!”

“Oh shit, no,” moaned Rochelle. “I look a mess!”

It was true. A soon as she had finished her first embrace with Mel, she had
requested a few moments privacy, which the park authorities had gladly
granted, grateful for saving them from being sued for an astronomical amount
(as it was, the damages would be horrendous but probably bearable… and the
publicity would make it up in increased patronage anyway.)

They had allowed her a precious few moments in a nearby office, and had even
thrown in a season ticket for the park into the bargain. Rochelle was unlikely
to make use of this of course, in fact she was not coming back to this place
in a million years… but it was, she supposed, the thought that counted.

As soon as she was alone she cleaned her tearstained face, re-did her make-up
and hair, reknotting the famous bow firmly, fastened, straightened and
tightened her stockings, eased her uncomfortable suspenders, tucked in her
shirt and pulled her panties firmly up into their rightful place. By the time
she had emerged she felt almost human. But not quite ready to face a
photographer again.

“No, no photographs, please,” Mel said. “it’s all a lot of fuss about
nothing!”

_And if it’s the _Edenglassie Courier,_ they’ll probably call me ‘Panty Girl’
in the headline!_ Rochelle thought.

“Just one,” the photographer insisted. “It’ll only take a second.”

“OK.” Rochelle relented. And then, to herself _And after this, I can go home.
And get out of this humiliating outfit and into something that behaves
itself!_

The photographer carefully settled his Leica camera on it’s tripod, after
arranging Mel, Rochelle, Nathan and Mrs Flintoff into a group.

“Smile!” He said.

And as he said this, three things happened. The first was that Rochelle’s
panties, despite having been yanked firmly into place a few minutes before,
again discovered that the forces of gravity were stronger than their own
elastic, and shifted past her hips, stopping only briefly on the thighs before
plummeting downwards. The second was that as they cleared the thighs, another
gust of wind blew up, and Whoooooossssshhhhh… Rochelle’s skirt was up over her
head again. The third was that the photographer’s finger snapped onto the
shutter release, capturing the incident for posterity.

This was too much. Yet again, Rochelle burst into tears as, still holding her
gathered skirt with one hand, she gingerly bent down to recover her panties.

“I think we might need another shot,” the photographer intoned, laconically.
“You couldn’t see your face in that one!”

_ _

_~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~_

_  
_

  

* * *

1 Meaning the _cup_ was Styrofoam, though with the coffee served at theme
parks... understandable mistake!

