### A Wise Cats silence (Chapter1) by Russel

**Date Added:** 2014-05-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A story of a bored cats silence 

* * *

Chapter one

As an animal you soon get used to the fact that everything on two legs takes
no notice of any plan, scheme or proposition that you may suggest. Never the
less you perceiver and at communal gatherings you raise a paw in a fruitless
attempt of gaining the rostra. Of course no chance comes forward for you to
perfect your oratory by trial of flame. Instead they pause, stare at your
furious meowing and gesticulation with puzzled expressions before breaking
into a heated debate about your needs. They first think of sustenance and use
something resembling a crowbar to lever a dollop of grey nutrients onto a
plate. They then slide it towards your paws and proclaim in a grandiose tone
that said brick of uneatable solidified fasces is in fact masquerading as
fish, for the moment. You raise a sarcasm bowed eyebrow upwards in ridicule
and turn and slink back to the Elba of your basket plotting your next attempt
upon speech. Of course you sally forth from the bastion of thought but cannot
break the siege lines of silence and so you are unable to reach the sunlight
plateaus inhabited by strong powerful rhetoric and endless debate and wisdom.
You are forced back into the confines of your cranium.

This state of affairs has left me feeling so morose that I have simply stopped
attending public gatherings of the family and confine my royal proclamations
to state occasions. I have deemed the humans intellectually below me and so
they shall remain forever or at least until such a time when they cease to
moronically chatter like a thousand cicadas each striving to outdo his
neighbour. They have no idea of the concept of silence. To them it seems an
unnatural state of affairs that they must immediately resolve through
senseless verbal expression. To me their eternal struggle against what they
see as oppressing absence of sound seems not unlike an unending fight to take
their attention off their lives. They feel that silence is their enemy as they
see it as the end perhaps. The concept of silence seems to have taken almost
the shroud of death to ensnare it in their view. Silence they feel is the end
and they cannot let it take its hold early or the reaper may slink in through
the cracks they let it through. Whenever a human is on his own with me and
silence pervades to me he seems to be fighting an internal battle with himself
to not acknowledge the hooded figure hanging over his head. To a cat life is
not so precious and so we greet the skeletal figure as he moves to and fro and
exchange cordial greetings with him as cars fly past our tails. As an entity
animals do not fear the final darkness but see it as an everyday occurrence
that is inevitable.

As to my own views on the subject of death and that of religion whenever it
crops up in all its petty little forms, it is mixed. I decided once to solve
the question of my own religious views and read several books on manifold
deities. All seemed unappealing to my feline existence until I read in a lone
tome on Norse Mythology of the god Loki. Now this devil may care trickster
appealed to me as a good model. He is not the strongest in his family as his
muscle headed brother Thor claims that title. No, instead he is the more
intelligent and has such a mischievous nature that he is shunned and so lives
a solitary existence for the most part. I identify feline kind with this
wandering trickster and I personally relate to his struggle against a brawnier
but less intelligent foe to the whiskered populations fight against the canine
race. Anyhow this view of religion as really just a shop for your own tastes
has been almost universally condemned by any harbinger of a soul I have yet
encountered in my seven years of existence. As I have now explained my own
religious views and observances I will turn to the two legs complicated views
on the subject or at least how I see them. Through all my encounters with the
servants of the two legs deities I have noticed one small fact above all.
Everyone seems to be stuck in a sort of Emperor’s new clothes paradox. There
are those who want to believe that they are there. There are those who do
believe that they are in fact there. Some think they are not there and wish to
profit off the fact that others think they are there. Though if it helps them
to believe that they are there to live their lives I am content to leave them
on their own.

All this and more I mused on as I sat paws neatly folded on my favourite attic
window sill. The window was caked with a claws length of dust and only my
faint paw outlines on the glass were gracious enough to admit any serious
amount of weak spring sunshine to the room. These beams heaven sent from the
fiery orb reposing in the sky were further thwarted in their constant mission
by the swaying motions of the silver birch tree planted almost in protest
strait in their path. The branches valiant efforts of solar defence caused the
sunlight that played across my pensive countenance to be dappled. Every few
minutes a small burst of intense illumination from the morning sun would force
a breach and show off my regal figure in its full glory. It was in one of
these rare moments that my train of ever stranger thought turned to my own
appearance. They trailed across my thin angular face crossing my lamp like
piercing eyes and my restrained small nose. They shuffled across the chasm of
my jaws avoiding my sharp canines with difficulty. They scaled up my skull’s
south face clinging to my thick battleship grey fur on their ascent. They
attained the pinnacle of my cranium by surmounting the obstacle of my small
triangular eyes and surveyed the view. Rising like as a single solitary peak
was my elegant dexterous tail. The fur upon this multi-bendable limb has the
elegance to stand to attention in as many different directions as it sees fit.
It was out of keeping with my main trunk which was famous for its thick silky
texture and the way the hairs stayed in regimented formation to command no
matter the casualties they took. I mentally twirled the highest pine of my
forest of whiskers and sipped from my intellectual cup once again. My thoughts
escaped into the room around me. They twirled and danced amongst the columns
of sunlight. The spun and cartwheeled through the tiny dust particles abundant
in the atmosphere. Each grabbed a partner and started a long and complicated
dance of discovery and creativity curiously interwoven across the silent room
in which I reposed. I gave in completely and a festival of intellectual
discovery started in my cranium and spread quickly like wildfire down my slim
extremities. My tail looped and twisted in a solo act of illustration of the
thoughts gathered about it. I snatched my mental expressions back from the
Elysium of the mind back to the mundane Asphodel of banality that was ordinary
life. I purloined the stragglers from clouds of intellectual discussion and
secured them once again to the machines of logical thought need for everyday
living.

Impressive and maybe somewhat excessive description I know. Now you may think
that boastful of me but as I myself am of the feline variety of life I think I
can be excused some vanity. Anyhow back to the tale currently passing through
my jaws. I sat and waited in a silent regal statue like position for Lucifer
and his temptation. The origins of my constant vigil can be traced back
through feline history past the great Egyptians kings of old and their feeble
human companions through the great explorers and their hangers on who later
claimed the glory (such a human feeling that they must be recognised, such
vain and empty desires). The origins of this sentry duty can be expressed in
one rather vulgar word if you want to be simple. Milk, yes I know the humans
have tried once again to contain such a complex and amazing entity in a
collection of strange syllables. This is the worst expression for the shard of
the deities’ work that I have ever encountered in my varied wanderings. The
proper form of expression for this sainted liquid is a long, deep and
heartfelt groan of longing that subtly morphs into cry of sustained joy and
ecstasy. This of course is impractical for everyday use and even more so for
committing to the typed page. I suppose in the interest of time I could simply
use a small symbol to show It but instead I have cowardly plumped to use the
crude human noun of milk for fear of confusion.

My stiff posture remained unmoving for over half an hour. This almost godlike
span of concentration for me was only interrupted by the gratingly loud
clatter of Satan and his prize golden cow. It proceeded with hangman like
grace and purpose down the cobbled street in the guise of a small underpowered
electric milk cart. This demonic contraption was steered by the demons
distributer disguised as a bumbling and unintelligent milkman called Marvin.
Or at least that was the best attempt I could make at his name from the
strangled choking sounds that emanated from him when asked about the right
term for his bundle of nerves and flesh. He ground his demonic machinations to
a stop in front of our fortress door with unwilling spite and leapt from his
vehicular prison. To me he seemed a hunchback small example of his race with
an ugly visage and a sloppy and loutish bearing to accompany it. He seemed to
be always grasping for something just outside his reach. His eyes had the
forlorn look of a thief on Christmas day as the snow deigns to climb down from
slate grey clouds and he stares at the presents just out of his reach behind
metal grilles. He slouched to the back of his small whining excuse for a
transport. He ripped back a blue tarpaulin and revealed the centre of the
universe sealed inside a glass bottle. A small slice of god sent brilliance
shined in all its Blanche glory inside its glass prison. The outward signs of
my longing started with my long tail which was first to break its meditative
state and eagerly swirled and twirled through trespassing sun beams causing my
likeness to briefly be cast back onto the thick shag carpets of my temple. My
tongue was the second to break into locomotion and disobey my mental
instructions. It slipped around my fangs and tasted the air for a few seconds
before I regained control.

As this pantomime of self-control dragged on in the upper reaches of my
fortress the foolish devil was laying temptation in my path and yes I had well
and truly fallen from grace. I fixed my laser like stare upon the box of four
small bottles containing liquid nectar quivering in front of our lime green
door. For no small amount of time did I consider testing the myth of cat’s non
terminal velocity before mentally shaking my brain and deciding on a much less
fatal and daring course of action. I flew with acrobat like style from my
perch carved into the dust of the window sill and my lithe shape played
demonic looking figures across the room before I landed with no more sound
than a butterfly’s wing beat. Such is the almost ninja like silence with which
I move that I have been known to descend from the pinnacle of our dwelling to
the basement without even a lone tap of a paw or claw escaping into the grave
like silence. This being no mean feat when I tell you our house stands four
floors proud from the ground. My progress down the stairwell was only
traceable by the swirling dust particles disturbed in the sunlight and the odd
hair abandoned to the clutches of a recently painted wall. My trance like
state of movement was interrupted by a barging two legs that shoved her way
out into the cluttered air of the stairwell from the library door with
indecent haste complaining into a mobile. ‘No, David you have to be home in an
hour. (Pause,including much headshaking) They are turning up whether you like
it or not and you better be here or don’t expect anything from me every again.
(This dramatic statement was accompanied by much gesticulation and delivered
at an imperious volume which would chill the most rebellious male). I pitied
the other human on the phone and obviously he swiftly re-considered his plans
and found the time required from his aggressor. ‘Yes, be home in five’
(pitched as a soft command) the phone was hung up and the human muttered a
thinly veiled expletive before marching off down the stairs. She dropped two
flights before slapping the banister in frustration and repeating her earlier
sentiments in her languages ruder ends before almost stabbing the wall with
her next words ‘milk, of course the milk’. This seemingly neutral sentence was
cast out with a degree of frustration and barely contained rage that it turned
each syllable into a razor sharp weapon of aggression. I hurriedly awarded her
full marks for her performance and slipped further down the floors. I finally
stopped to consider my mission in the hallway. Our entrance hall was long and
spindly tapering to a point with our solid but squat door. The roof was high
at least to someone of my stature but vaulted with decorative columns of
strange beauty. On the inward lintel of our door was a small bird which I
presumed to be a raven, this I took as a sarcastic salute to Poe by an owner
with a strange sense of humour. It must have been a bizarre sort of human to
place such an ill omen on the very entrance to their chambers of living. Then
again I’m not a good judge of human character or their actions. As I was
considering the portal to the outside world that the shaped wooden trunk
represented the two legs moved past me disturbing my fur in waves in her rush.
Her strides shook the floor as if to warn the bottles she was coming for them.
I started to salivate in expectation of my share of this sainted liquid.

