### Two Drunk Gals by pjs1509

**Date Added:** 2014-05-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

TWO DRUNK GALS

I pushed open the door to Joey's Tavern. My wife Sally stumble in behind me.
This was our sixth pit stop of the evening. I was the designated driver this
particular Friday evening. My wife had called me at work about four o'clock
that same after noon. She relayed to me that she had gone thru one of the most
stress fill days in her life. She had landed a job four months ago as a
telemarketer for a

reverse mortgage company. Apparently, her boss had reamed her out in front of
the entire office

for slacking off on the job. She was behind the eight ball on her quota for
the month of bilking seniors

out of their homes. She had just gotten her last warning about keeping up with
rest of the team or joining the legions of the unemployed.

So starting at five thirty that evening, we started the let's drown our
sorrows pub crawl. Being the designated driver for the evening. I was
relegated too one crappy tasting draft beer per bar. Mean while, Judy Garland
Junior was drinking dry martinis like they were Yoo Hoo sippy boxes.

Oh, did I forget to add she'd made a vodka martini at home chasing down a
couple of Vicadons with it.

I led my wife of two years gently to a booth closets to the bathroom. Along
with the martinis, she added every imaginable cutesy sounding cloying shot
drink to her binge drinking repertoire . It was a A to Z list from Slippery
Nipple, Sex on the Beach, Jello shots and all in between. I figure if all this
witches brew of getting her drink on came spewing out, we wouldn't have far to
go. As I sat down in the booth, the ladies bathroom door swung open . I could
a hear a girl retching her guts out at full hurl and it was only nine thirty.

A portly woman wander over to our booth. She had large breasts with a paunch
to match. She wore a stretch to the max white shorts and a red tee shirt that
said “Kiss me I'm Polish. I had never laid eyes on her in my life. She came up
to Sally and gave her a ferocious hug.

“Oh Sally, it's so good to see you. It's been years since I've partied with
you girl.” Her voice had a pronounce slur that match my wife's

“Same here darling, I've miss you too.” My wife hug the stranger with equal
passion.

“All the great times we use to have here at good old Joey's” The large blond
hair gal had tears in her eyes. “ All the great Karaoke we use to sing
together. All the laughs and the great gossip ”

“Yes the laughter and the gossip who could forget,” My wife murmur softly, her
face bury into the ladies large size breasts.

“Remember the night, we freak all those guys out by making out like crazy near
the pool tables,”

She lean back with a smirking leer on her face.

My wife’s head was weaving with a dreamy look on her face. My mouth drop open.
When the hell did all this take place. More importantly, why didn't I ever
hear about it.

“Yeah you lifted up my blouse, unsnapped my bra and began sucking my titties,”
The big

women roll back her head and let out a loud bawdy laugh “We sure gave the boys
in the back of the bar a real show.”

I was a little bit appalled and more than a little turn on. This strange pug
nose broad with the pasty jowly face and my wife Sally. Nah.

The bartender sat a couple of drinks in front of us. Sally's was presently
doing a pretty decent mime of a bobble head. She raise up her glass to toast.
“Here's to all the good times Karen old buddy.”

She took a decent swallow off what I was hoping was her last drink for the
evening.

“Karen, Who the hell is Karen.” The women lower her drink from her lips. Her
face took on a quizzical frown. Her eyes seem to have gone out of focus. “My
names Debbie, not Karen.”

“You sure your name's not Karen,” Sally squinted at her with her one still
focus eye.

“Yeah, bitch I'm sure. You want to see my drivers license.” She place both her
meaty arms on our table. I could feel the table tipping sideways. She leaned
over further onto our table, hovering over the two of us. Man, she had some
vile halitosis “Hey wait a minute your not Sally Karmanski.”

“My names Sally, but not Karman, Karman whatever.” My wife was waving away
Debbie's odorous breath that smell like an exhume corpse. “It's Sally Jensen,
formerly Sally Vandenberg.”

Debbie (thank god ) push away from the table. “Huh, I could have swore you was
Sally.Karmanski.”

The big polish women shrug her shoulders and weave her way back to the
horseshoe shape bar.

“Well dear, I guess that's our cue to call it a night,” I reached over and
grabbed Sally's purse. I knew she would never remember it.

“Wait a minute the the nights not over yet,” she slurred. “You never know when
I might run into

an old friend of mine again”

Sally proceeded to fall over face first onto the cheap vinyl table top. I
waited a few minutes for the tell tale sign that she was gone for the evening.
There it was, she was snoring like a buzz saw. I wave my arm in the air.

“Bartender, check please.”

