### A Wise Cats silence (Chapter 2) by Russel

**Date Added:** 2014-05-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** chapter two any comments or suggestions would be helpful 

* * *

Chapter two

The two legs betrayal had already formulated without my knowledge in her
simple but devious mind. She forced the oblong shaped blockage out into the
outside air and reached down for the four pack on our doorstep. She lifted
them up into the air and under her arm before repeating her actions back into
our dwelling and moving swiftly down the stairs and out of my sight. I sat
trying desperately to 1.contain my swelling rage and 2.to stop any of it
breaking my outward demeanour of calm after this hideous theft. I had assumed
that some of that loot would be rightly distributed to myself and as a cat I
felt that a greater portion of it was my due as humans do not even seem to
appreciate milk. They drink it with lacklustre expressions of boredom and
resignation. They guzzle it with no consideration of others seemingly taking
it from existence just for the pleasure of denying others its uses and the
pleasure it may bring. This Scrooge like attitude is entirely illogical. I sat
mastering my rage for a few minutes releasing it every now and then in
blacksmith like slaps of the floor with my tail. When my rage had somewhat
abated I slunk down the corridor pressing my claws into the wooden floor to
make small but noticeable scratches mainly out of my small minded spite. This
happy occupation satisfied me for some three laps of the entrance hall before
I tired of the game and struck a new idea. I adjourned to the basement for
another attempt on the prize bottles.

I crept down the large carpeted stairs and stopped again resuming my
contemplative posture in front of the insurmountable obstacle that was
presented by the Kitchen door. My conscious played with the idea of an
imperious command to the effect of my own admittance. I instead went for the
much less dignified but arguable more effective stratagem of meowing at the
top of my feline lungs and feebly scratching at the entrance with my semi
retracted blades. My preferred course of action was vindicated seconds after
its implementation. With a mighty creaking and groaning the cavernous planks
retracted backwards guided by the hand of a huge booming two legs whose very
steps seemed to shake the earth. I slipped through my colossal subjects legs
and skittered into a race dog like turn my hind quarters flailing out to the
side as my claws scrabbled for any meagre purchase on the kitchens cold
clinical lino. My haste was justified as another bi-pedal aggressor rose to
block my path to the great white conveyor of food. She knelt bringing her
massive visage closer to my own. My ears seemed to close to the meaningless
babble that passed her lips in a short flood of varying sounds. I seemed to
hear them as vague static played behind the image of the fridge slowly
shrinking away from my grasp. My mission to save the milk from its icy prison
had descended into a cruel mocking of my determination and effort by the long
limbed monstrosities that stalked the spaces of my residence their chattering
talk bouncing out and filling every space it could cloud with its dark and
sickly taint. Needless to say bitterness was the foremost emotion playing
across my furry countenance. It manifested itself in a severe twitch, this
rebellion against my iron will fermented in my eyebrows and spread down
eventually taking an eyelid as it fortress. It must have shown prominently
enough for even one as slow as a totalitarian milk stealer to see. She pouted
causing her already dislikeable features to twist into such gruesome
contortions that I still shudder when I pen the memory of them. While her
mouth and nose very performing spirited acrobatics her other limbs had gone
into action. Her right arm swung forwards and stroked my tail causing an
unwelcome flow of pleasure to shoot along my nerves. An involuntary purr
slipped from my mouth and I admonished myself sighting the fact that this
female was my enemy and that I should not fall for bribery. I hardened my
resolve and roused my courage and after having mastered such important
elements as these I deigned to point imperiously at the great cold cause of
all this trouble. This act was combined with an expression calculated to
contain a small amount of scorn and rage in equal amount. My royal
proclamation was ignored and the human even committed the blasphemy of lifting
my slight frame into the higher reaches of the atmosphere. I panicked and sunk
my not inconsiderable claws into the human’s thick animal garment in
desperation to extend my airborne time. I was swiftly gathered up into a
expletive ridden mound of fur and rage and bundled out into the warm spring
sunshine and deposited in a undignified rubble of tail head and body seemingly
stacked upon each other. I did not take my brief kidnap gracefully and spent
almost half a minute mentally expressing dire wishes regarding the human and
her associates and myself, harmonised body and soul wielding a chainsaw. This
satisfying tirade of thoughts slowly petered out into general hurt at the
affront to my dignity caused by the means of transportation inflicted upon my
sacrosanct person. I turned my small frame away from the dwelling that I had
been expelled from and considered my position. I was now placed in an Amazonic
maze of mid-city gardens containing not inconsiderable perils. These included
the great deceiver’s canine minions who were around in abundance though small
they were vicious and prone to bouts of anger if they were crossed or denied
in any dealing had on their territory. I thought through my options before
agreeing with my argumentative instincts and settling my sights on a visit to
Winston the only furred being I considered my intellectual superior and always
to be visited in times of reflection or crisis.

Winston was a large and rather fat feline specimen with the well-travelled and
read mind of scholar. His posture was exemplary as he reclined in his wide
silk armchair his paws neatly folded on his enlarged stomach. His appearance
was stately with dense whiskers occupying his upper lip which he had skilfully
into a long and curling moustache. This meditated on his visage as if
eternally considering its route down his portly frame. His head itself was
large with cool un-ruffled eyes and quizzical eyebrows that seemed always to
be entertaining new ideas. Only his large arrowhead ears seemed to be the only
body feature disinterested in theological debate of any kind and were
constantly twitching in seeming dismissal of any proposed idea. This was a
source of constant annoyance to me when I conversed with the hermit like
Winston. Never the less this fiercely intelligent creature was the solution to
my manifold problems.

Though as I sat deciding my foreign policy I was drawn to the elephant of
considerable size squatting in the begonias. How was I to reach Winston?
Though I consider myself an animal of almost balletic grace and an equal to
any two legs over short distance I must admit trying to outpace the wolf like
Alsatian residing at number twenty three did not fuel my slim appetite for
adventure. After that feat of legendary cunning or athleticism was somehow
completed there was the daunting obstacle of the sprinklers flooding the
gardens all along the street. I am resilient to near any weapon in the human
arsenal including sticky fingered toddlers and cannon ball like footballs
fired from the boots of over enthusiastic teenagers, but I draw the line at
sprinklers. To me having sprinklers in your garden is like deciding that as a
lawn centrepiece you shall have an unexploded WW2 sea mine instead of a
statue. As if that were not diabolical enough they set these sprinklers on
near random timers meaning no safe window is easily calculable in which to
pass through these Scylla and Charybdis like obstacles. Truly the feline’s
true enemy is the gardening branches of B&Q that supply these weapons of fur
destruction to the human population. These obstacles were ranged against my
not inconsiderable abilities but still I felt I was odds on to lose. Then my
ego decided it was time to make a perfunctory appearance and so buoyed me with
past tales of my greatness, some of which I had no recollection of. I decided
action was best if immediate and decisive and so I proceeded to rise from my
crouched position and started a vague wander in the direction of the gardens
ivy encrusted wall. Reaching the barriers crumbling base I surveyed Everest,
rising to almost the cloud line its stern red bricks glaring down to challenge
my audacity in the assumption of my surmounting its mortar line ridge. I
suddenly quailed in the shadow of the task that loomed over my past
achievements laughing at me from its pinnacle and settling in to watch my
pathetic attempts. Now as I said we of the feline variety are known for our
nonce and not for our bulgingly muscular extremities. My beady eyes scanned
the scrapheap of the garden, angry at this towering obstacles dismissal of my
talents. I fixed my gaze on a depressed looking recycling bin that leant for
moral support on the crumbling wall. Its brown shoulders slumped in a symphony
of depression its every molecule expounding its agony at the continuing
struggle for life. As if to prove its dedication to ending its own existence
its lid emitted a tortured death cry and fell into the dark Tartarus of the
bins innards. I passed on from this depressed garden disposal unit and my gaze
found a metal arch standing in its antiquated glory on rusty supports. Its
alabaster white skin flaked constantly but each small shard clung on to the
parent structure to the agitation of physics which tugged all the harder at
its edges to hasten its descent to the green carpet below. I calculated my
ascent up this solid mountains face and reasoned that it was feasible that
gravity could be defied for long enough for me to reach the arches summit and
from there affect a crossing to the walls smirking peak.

