### Backyard Soilder by pjs1509

**Date Added:** 2014-06-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

BACKYARD SOILDER

I'm the head of Account Receivables at Proton Printing. Which mean I'm the
sorry bastard that has to call you if your accounts getting over ninety and
one hundred twenty days. I'm the bad news bear that has to put a hold on your
printing jobs until your caught up to sixty days. I'm allowed a little
flexibility by the powers above me. All this is dependent on the volume of
business we transact annually with you. Also, how long of a business
relationship we’ve maintain over the years . .

To perform this task, I’ve develop a stellar inner fortitude and a big pair of
brass balls. I've been called everything from a money leaching cretin to a
heartless fuck face. I've had people scream at me in a primal rage. I've had
women (and a few men) blubbering uncontrollably to give them one more chance.
Things our turning around this year. I can't afford to lose this account. I
got a family to feed and so forth. In a placating steady voice, I talk them
down to agreeing to my terms. I've been using this formula of bending but not
breaking , wrenching the money out of their pockets into Proton Printing
coffers for the past fifteen. years. This of course is done over the phone and
with a exchange of e-mails. I have yet to meet the poor sap in person who've
been subjected to the Mike Stroban's pincer collection move .

I was just shutting down my computer for the day when line three lit up. “Oh
crap, it's five o'clock who has the nerve to call me at this time,” I fume.

“That maniac is at it again Mike,” It was my wife Janet carrying on in a
hysterical tone..“He yelling and screaming like a crazy man inside the garage
. He 's rolling around on the lawn like he's cover in red ants.” Janet sob.
“My god he is scaring the children to death.”

“I'll be home right away,” A feeling of dread ran thru my bowels “ Do you need
me to pick up

more milk on the way home, like you told me to.”

“Screw that crap, just get home right away and deal with this nut job..” She
hung up the phone

The nut job she was referring to was the character next door Elmer Kindley. He
wasn't our actual

neighbor but the visiting son of eighty eight year old widower Mrs. Ruth
Kindley .

My family had move in to our working class neighbor hood two months ago.. The
houses were vintage pre- world war two two story Sears homes with three
bedrooms, two bathrooms and cover

front porches

We needed a third bedroom for our second child Erica.. It had been okay for a
while when our oldest Cam and his sister had to share a bedroom However, it
was becoming increasingly awkward now that hey were five and eight years old.
So we move from a sterile condo community to a much older neighborhood. In
fact, a few of the founding fathers of Delray , Ohio had built the first homes
just a couple of street overs. These came complete with large one hundred year
old maple trees. offering tons of shade. As with most older neighborhoods
there were some senior citizens still hanging on, while most of the
surrounding area was becoming an increasingly younger demographic..

We first met Ruth Kindley when she brought us over a scrumptious pecan pie as
a welcome to the neighborhood offering She told us that of three of her four
children lived out of state and couldn't visit much. She had been a widower
for the past five years,. The death of Mr Kindley's death was brought on after
a long bout with cancer. Her son Elmer lived a few streets over. He kept up
the yard, made sure the trash was taken out every Friday morning and other
menial chores She had hinted on occasion that Elmer had a few mental problems
that made him act out occasionally in a unseemly fashion . Janet at first was
a sympathetic to Elmer’s condition having been a social worker in the past .
She was now a full time stay at home mom.. But after a few more bizarre
incidents of Elmer’s ravings her empathy was waning.

These episodes included loud abrasive smut fill dialogues with the thin air.
From what I heard from

Janet and experience myself, they mostly had to do with his experiences in
Vietnam.

Here is a small sampling of his loud hysterical unhinge diatribes we had to
endure.

“Die you Mother fucking gook.”

“ How much for fucky mama san”

“Let me grab your arm man, maybe the medic can attach it with super glue..”

“My head can't take anymore bombs going off in my fucking brain”

“Talk English you stupid fucking Slope.”

Last but not least. “Incoming.”

Or it was variation of the aforementioned .

All that Janet and I knew that it was scaring the hell out of our kids and
their cousins To bring in a few needed extra bucks a week she watch her
sisters kids ages seven and nine. They were also freaked out by this strange
man pathetically clawing out at his war torn past.

I park my car in our short unevenly pave driveway. Janet stood out on our
cover porch with her arms wrap tightly around her chest.

“ The kook is still there, so it's time for you talk to him Mano-a- mano.”Her
glare could have stopped a clock.

I breathed in a deep sigh and unloosened my tie. Time to face the music. I had
numerous talks with Mrs Kindley about her son and his galling weird behavior.
She just gave me a look of total resignation She always end up on the same
hopeless note. “ All my children turn out okay, except my youngest Elmer. I
don't know something just seems to have broken deep inside him a long time
ago.”She literally gave herself the sign of the cross. “I just have to give
him up to the lord.” Which every bummed out, disappointed parent says about
their children when they've turn into middle age lifelong fuck ups.

I walk directly into the Kindley's backyard. It was separated from ours by a
seven foot high wooden fence, badly in need of resealing. I had never venture
further than their front porch in the two months of our acquaintance. I pass
the oddly dwarfish seven foot high flag pole, out fitted with a American and
Marine corp flag respectively. I could hear whispering coming from inside the
one stall garage that more or less served as a storage unit. There was a push
Toro mower, shovels, rakes

a two handle hoe, a weed whacker and a snow blower. The few times the garage
was actually open, all the forenamed lawn care implements were hidden behind a
black blanket, hanging from the ceiling, touching the garage cement floor. I
could see the Kindleys tiny backyard from the vantage point of our second
story bathroom. While I was performing my morning duties, I would watch Elmer
work around the back yard. While he putter he mutter to himself nonstop. Now
and then emitting eerie sounding yips His voice would often take on a high and
a low inflection as if he was having a two man play running thru his head. The
low voice often gruffly barking back to something that the high voice had just
said. I often kidded my wife that it made for a fascinating morning dump.

The pit of my stomach was doing a loop to loo. I didn't know what to expect
when confronting my eccentric neighbor. Images of sever hands hanging from the
rafters, CSI like blood spatter walls or a jar full of human eyeballs fill my
head. God, I had to pee bad. I knock gingerly on the garage door, that had a
fresh coat of white paint compliments of good old Elmer.

The creepy whispering stop. Elmer was breathing heavily as he approach the
door. The garage door made a piercing squealing sound as it open up to the
late afternoon sun.

“Can I help you,” Elmer squinted at me. I was surprise at how short he was .
He had shoulder length hair that was kept in place by a red bandanna. He wore
a black shirt covered with denim coveralls that had a few grease stains on the
pants leg. And he had a snot rag in left breast pocket. The coveralls hid a
mini keg size gut. His red wing boots were untied. He weave slightly as he
peered up at me.

“How we doing today neighbor...” My voice came out in prepubescent squeak that
made me wince As I've relay to you earlier reader, I usually confront people
by modern day communications.

This face to face stuff was way out of my bailiwick “My wife sent me over
because uh,” because uh,”

My tongue froze. How do I tell this guy to knock off the crazy talk, without
him getting in my face with his creepy high and low voices.

“So your wife sent you over for what.” He stare at me with two gray dead eyes.

“To uh, talk to you about some noises we’ve heard coming from over here.” My
throat was

now the Mojave desert.

“What sort of noises,” he looked at me with a mystified look on his face.

“Oh Elmer you know darn well, what noises he's talking about.” I whirl around
to see Mrs Kindley standing behind the screen door. She was steadying herself
with a four prong cane.“Carrying on all day with your crazy Vietnam war talk.
I can't tell how you many times I've told you to knock that off.” Mrs.
Kindleys voice took on that of a field crow.”Geez Louise your scaring the
dickens out of the children next door.”

“You know I live Vietnam every day ma,” Elmer's mouth fell open, a littler
drool escape from it.

“Oh Phooey on that Vietnam baloney ” Mrs Kindley push the screen door open.

“No ma don't say it,” Elmer's eyes were popping out of his head.

Mrs Kindley sat down gently on a old fashion metal outdoor rocking chair. At
one time the chair had been bright yellow, but now was faded from too much sun
and dotted with rust spots.

She heave her chest slowly and let out a long sigh “ As you can tell Mr
Stroban, by the flags flying in our backyard. that Elmer insists hanging year
round, he serve his time in the marines just like his father and two uncles.”

“You must be very proud Mrs. Kindley,” I said

“She held up a arthritic old hand to stop me. “Wait, I ain't finish yet. The
fact is Elmer never serve a day in Vietnam. He was station in San Diego from
nineteen seventy to seventy one. Old Patton here was a cook for the Marine
camp.”

“Ma please don't” Elmer wore a pathetic ashen look on his face.

“He was a good chef too,” She look off into the distance with a dreamy look in
her eyes.” So good the camp Commander made him his personal chef. He cook if
the General had an officers dinner at his house. He got to meet a lot of
famous congressmen, senators and what not.

He even got to meet Bob Hope and Ronald Reagan .”

“Aw shit ma” Elmer's shoulder slump as if he was being order to go to bed
early.

“He was given an honorable discharge. Then he work as a chef for twenty five
years at the

Delray Country Club.” The old women rock gently in her chair.

I let out a whistle. The Delray Country Club was well known all over our part
of Ohio as the place to savor top notch steaks, mouth watering beef
wellington, succulent lobster and their liver pate was to die for. The
president of our company and other big wigs around town use to brag up their
five star menu. I never got the chance as the membership fees were
astronomical.

“Wow, I would never have guess it,” I said

“Unfortunately, his career was cut short when Elmer started to get a little
funny in the head.” The old lady shook her head slowly. “Started carrying on
with his imaginary Vietnam shenanigans. Once he lock himself in the walk in
freezer at the country club. He thought he was at the Hanoi Hilton. They kept
yelling at him to come out. He kept yelling back his rank and serial number.”

With that,Elmer turn around and stomp back to the garage, throwing back the
black blanket like he was the Wizard of Oz.

“Yeah go a head and check out his little Vietnam world he's got back there.”
She pointed a gnarl finger towards the garage.

I walk apprehensively towards the tiny garage. I felt like I was in a old
Twilight Zone rerun

I slowly pull back the smelly blanket. A naked cob web cover light bulb lit
the entire garage. Elmer sat on the

indoor outdoor carpeted floor cross legged. A ten foot square area was cover
with green and gray tiny toy soldiers. A foot high pile of sand sat in the
middle. It was dotted with tiny pine trees, sprigs of weeds stuck out here and
there He cobble together a lilliputian bunker out of Lincoln logs and throw
bean bags. On the gray solider side of the hill were the Vietnamese. He made
up tiny little huts out of kabob skewers .It was a great little imaginary
world he had going if you were ten years old.

“That's a great little set up you got going there,” I force a fake cough to
mask my urge to burst out laughing .

“It's not a set up man, it's hill nineteen and were gonna take it from the
VC.” he looked at me intently. “But we gotta be stealth I don't want to be
responsible for another hamburger hill.” His eyes

started to mist over.. “Yeah man. me and the boys have been thru to much
together to risk a hasty charge. I don't give a shit what the HQ radios into
me.”

I look at the walkie talkies hanging on the wall next to the magnesium rakes.
They were vintage early seventies radio shack models. I remember my brother
and I messing around with them when we were kids.

Elmer got up and walk over to a two by four acting as a shelf. On it were a
line of model airplanes,

jets and choppers. He grab a few of the tiny green solders and stuff them into
model replica of a bell helicopter.

“Time for for me to drop a recon behind gook lines,” He made a pretty decent
imitation of a helicopter with his mouth pucker like he was waiting to be
kissed.

I back slowly out of the garage. “ I'll let you get back to your war ” I don't
think he even heard me as he was interspersing chopper sounds with whistling
bomb sounds.

“Hey Stroban make sure you close the garage door, I don't want to disturb Ma.”

