### A Matter of Timing by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2014-06-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The Appeal Court hears the petition from a man who wants a divorce 

* * *

A Matter of Timing

Set in the very near future.

It was the opening divorce appeal court case of the day, the public gallery
already filling up fast, long before the antagonists arrived. Clearly, the
wife fighting the divorce entered first. Tall, normally slim, presently
heavily pregnant young woman, in light blue summer frock, was accompanied by
her smartly-suited and bewigged QC, a troop of other smart and no doubt
expensive lawyers marching behind in support. A frail old woman sported a
walking stick, while her other arm was tucked into the arm of the young woman.
They made themselves comfortable at their assigned seats, the lawyers setting
out folders of notes, while the old woman shuffled into a reserved space in
the gallery immediately behind them. The young woman threw a cardigan over her
shoulder to combat the cool courtroom and sat, confident, contented.

The husband entered moments later, wearing a green tweed jacket, brown woollen
trousers and an open-necked cream collared shirt. By his side, a single young
barrister, suited but not as sharply as any of the wife's briefs.

"All rise for the Honourable Judge Smith QC!" starchily announced the clerk of
the court.

All rose as the judge, a bewigged mature woman of average height, spare build,
dressed in a flowing black gown, entered and sat facing the court. She wore a
stern pinched look, her eyebrows arching.

While everyone else sat, the clerk rose, passing a slim folder to Judge Smith,
before turning and addressing the court.

"The Divorce Hearing of Saunders versus Saunders ordered both parties to take
consultation leading towards reconciliation. This Appeal to that decision, is
petitioned by the plaintiff Mr Alexander Saunders on the basis that the
marriage is irreconcilable, due to Mrs Rebecca Saunders' pregnancy, conceived
outside matrimony. Mrs Saunders contests the conception was dated well before
the date of the said marriage."

There was a pause while the Honourable Judge quietly read the notes, before
looking up.

She addressed the Counsel for Mrs Saunders. "These notes state the Saunders'
wedding was eight years ago, correct?"

"Yes, Your Honour, Mrs Saunders has sworn an affidavit, which I beg leave to
read out, if Your Honour would allow."

The judge stared hawk-like at the heavily-pregnant woman, who smiled back
serenely. The judge also noted the defiantly scowling husband, whose junior
brief withered under Judge Smith's scornful gaze. She decided to hear the
statement.

"Go ahead, read."

The Queens Counsellor stood, "Ahem, my client would like to state the
following:

'I have always been obsessed with rock music from the late 1960s, when my dear
Grandmama was a teenager. She filled me with wonderment of those times and I
absorbed everything, studied the music and written extensively on the subject.
Last year I was appointed Emeritus Professor at London University in my
specialist subject. My dear husband, Alex, doesn't share my tastes, preferring
to play folk music on his old guitar. However, Alex is a brilliant inventor of
household gadgets, so we are ... comfortable, ready to start our family. His
obsession was building a time machine. Last year he achieved that goal and
made several experimental trips back in time. He filled me with excitement at
the possibilities of meeting my Grandmama's idols at first hand. So, without
his knowledge, I took a journey back to the Swinging Sixties, where I met my
idol, days before his tragic demise. I am now carrying his twin children,
conceived in 1969, years before taking my marriage vows.'

"That is the end of the statement, Your Honour. As you can see from the notes,
Mr Saunders cannot divorce my client on the grounds of adultery and, under
terms of their prenup agreement, whoever petitions for divorce has to
surrender all assets to the other and walk away with nothing. Since the Appeal
was made, DNA tests proves the father, who died in 1969, beyond doubt."

The Honourable Judge Smith pondered a moment before addressing the Plaintiff,
"An unusual situation, Mr Saunders. Do you have new evidence to submit
supporting your appeal?"

The plaintiff arose and spoke, "Your Honour, my wife was persuaded to take
this course of action by her witch Grandmother-"

He was interrupted by the grey-haired woman behind Mrs Saunders who stood and
hurled a strangled "Wimp bastard!" and shook a fist at him.

Judge Smith gave the old lady a withering look before warning her of future
conduct, before turning to Saunders.

"New evidence?"

"None, Your Honour, I-"

Justice Smith intervened, "Without new evidence, I rule this Appeal invalid
and the original award for reconciliation consultation upheld."

Mrs Saunders smiled smugly, crossing her swollen legs with difficulty. The
ruling meant that Alex would have to support his wife and children, or
otherwise give up everything he owned, including his latest invention, worth
untold zillions.

"No! Wait!" Alex cried.

Everyone in court focussed their attention on Saunders. He lifted his left
arm, pulled his sleeve up and fiddled with a phone-like device. His image
shimmered for a moment.

Then in a flash, he was almost instantly replaced by a man of similar height
and build but with unfashionably long shoulder-length hair and thick drooping
moustache, wearing a long multicoloured kaftan, strings of beads around his
neck and a battered old guitar, covered in stickers, strapped to his back.

His brief, noticing Alex was wearing cotton trousers and sandals, couldn't
help gasping, "So, it's true!"

"Your Honour," Alex declared, "I'm withdrawing my Divorce Appeal in order to
apply for an Annulment on the grounds that my wife is also ... my
granddaughter-"

"What?!" came a chorus from the defendant's lawyers.

The old woman sitting behind the lawyers in the gallery stood momentarily
before fainting away, causing further commotion.

"No! It's not possible, my grandmother absolutely hates you!" Mrs Saunders
screams, "She would-"

"Of course she's always hated me," smiled Alex, "I'm the spitting image of the
boyfriend who jilted her pregnant skank groupie arse, all those years ago."

The end.

