### Out! by LoriSchafer

**Date Added:** 2014-07-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** As any Mum will tell you, nothing's sweeter than a truce when siblings go to war. 

* * *

“GET OUT!” a girlish voice shouted in exasperation, unbelievably audible even
from across the house, possibly even from across the town. Squealing boyish
laughter followed it; fed on it.

“Get out, I said!! Get out of my room!!”

Jake laughed again, louder, nearly giggling with gleeful abandon. “I am out!”
he howled back at her triumphantly. “I’m way out here in the hall!”

I didn’t need to get up to look; I could visualize the scene from where I sat
cringing at the desk in my office. Jake standing grinning in the hall, gawking
at his year-older sister through her open door, the tips of his sneakers
defiantly resting just over the edge of her lintel.

“Go away!” Katie yelled, her piercing cry prompting the neighbor’s hounds into
a frenzy of agonized howling. “I don’t like you!”

Jake only cackled harder, his small fists slapping like drumsticks against the
hollow-sounding sheetrock.

“I mean it!! I don’t like you!”

“I don’ wike you eiver!” he hurled back indistinctly, still chuckling. From
the muffled sound of it, probably poking his tongue out at her.

You’re not supposed to interfere, I reminded myself forcibly, massaging my
temples in a futile attempt to flatten the thick, bulging veins that had
popped out palpably from the sides of my skull. That’s what the parenting
books said; let them fight it out amongst themselves. Easy for them to say, I
grumbled internally. They didn’t have to suffer through the screeching.

“JAKE!” Katie shrieked suddenly, her voice rising to a pitch that pained my
ears and carved a new crack in my glasses. “I – don’t – want – you – in – my –
room!” she erupted, nearly breathless with childish fury and indignation. “Get
– out!!” Apparently he’d crossed the line in teasing her; trampled the border
between her space and his.

“What?!” he yelled back with mock innocence. “I’m not doing anything!” I heard
rigorous, rhythmic tapping noises and pictured him performing a slap-happy
dance-routine in the hall by her door.

Suddenly there was a loud thunk and a louder cry, a boyish yell of
astonishment and pain.

“Uh-oh, Katie!! You’re gonna be in so much trouble! I’m telling!”

“Good!” she retorted scathingly, ostensibly unperturbed by the formidable
threat. “I’ll tell what you did, too.”

“I don’t care! Oh no, I don’t! Oh, Mom! Mo-om!”

I wondered what the parenting counselors would think if I pretended I didn’t
hear it. I wasn’t sure if I cared.

“Mom!” Jake yelled, bursting into my office with all of the sound and fury of
a string of firecrackers going off unexpectedly in the middle of May. “Katie
threw a shoe at me! Hit me right here on the head!” He pointed cheerfully at
the nasty wound, a small pinkish tint barely visible beneath my fluorescent
lights.

“Looks more like a sandal,” I contended calmly, bending closer to examine the
visible results of the near-fatal blow. “You don’t seem hurt.”

“But I am!” he expounded happily. “You should punish her; yes, you should!”

“He started it!” Katie yelled, exploding in turn through my doorway as if her
catapult was parked right outside. She glared hatefully at her little brother,
the hotness of her anger causing the freshly watered leaves of my poor
defenseless office plant to wilt in dismay.

“No, I didn’t, you did!”

“Yes, you did, you know you did!”

“I know you are, but what am I?!”

“I’m rubber and you’re glue…”

“GET OUT!!” I shouted suddenly, snatching up my plant and clutching it to my
chest as if it were my one true friend. “Get out of my room!!”

They stopped. Turned to glance thoughtfully at one other and hushed. Retreated
silently from my office, sadly into the unknown depths of the rest of the
house, while I scolded myself over my own childish temper tantrum.

I can’t lie. I enjoyed the quiet in spite of myself.

An hour later I tiptoed gingerly into the empty kitchen, still feeling a
little guilty over my impatient outburst and considering whether I ought to
compensate with everyone’s favorite dinner and maybe ice cream to boot.
Through the wide doorway down the hall I could see them: my two kids lying
serenely next to each other on the living room floor, companionably assembling
a five-hundred-piece jigsaw puzzle I’d gotten them for Christmas. Their
argument as long forgotten as Mom’s unusual fit of anger, their renewed
friendship ensured as long as the delicate balance between sibling love and
sibling rivalry was carefully maintained. A balance that might be upset by the
smallest act, the tiniest sound, the most frivolous word, the most meager
interruption to their peaceful co-existence. Maybe they had something there,
after all, those parenting books with their recommendations of non-
interference.

I ducked unnoticed back into my office; returned to the smooth stillness of my
walls and my work, reassured that my children were safe, my family once again
loving and intact. A short time later my husband came in from the garage, the
blissfully quiet haven in which he’d passed his leisurely afternoon, his work-
boots clunking hard against the laminate flooring as if entirely unconcerned
about who heard or observed them. “We got a while until dinner?” he boomed,
thrusting aside the door of my office with a bang and energetically brushing
the dust from his big black mustache onto my still-quivering houseplant. “I
was thinking of patching that hole in the living room wall,” he continued,
staring at me curiously as I leapt from my rocking, rolling chair, waving my
hands incomprehensibly in a frantic effort to shush him.

“Late dinner tonight,” I whispered, silencing his half-uttered response with a
kiss whileI wondered how many minutes or hours the newfound peace might reign
in our little kingdom if only we left our children alone. “But stay out of
their room.”

© Lori Schafer 2014

Originally appeared in _that’s Life Fast Fiction Quarterly_, (Australian)
Summer 2014.

<http://lorilschafer.com>

