### F*ck My Life! Swapped - Part 2 by AJ

**Date Added:** 2014-07-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Chuck meets the Banks. 

* * *

F*ck My Life! Swapped

Part 2

“Okay, this must be a mistake. Right? This just can’t be.” My mom was now in
denial. We were sitting across from the doctor in his office. Roman and my
father were there too.

“My nurse will bring in the results in a minute.”

“Machines make mistake with blood types right? That’s possible. Right?”

I was frozen. Not a word escaped my mouth. The only movements I made were
blinking. My eyes kept pointed at the doctor’s desk, but I didn’t even see it.
I was just sitting there. Processing.

A nurse came in, dropped down a file on his desk and showed us a tiny smile
before leaving. We all looked at the doctor now. He opened the file and
sighed. He looked at us, “I am so sorry.”

“Oh god,” my mother sank her head in her hands and my dad rubbed her back.

“The DNA test show that Chuck is not your biological son. He and Cody Banks
were switched at birth.”

“How could this have happened?” My dad asked.

“I-” the doctor tried to explain. “I am at a loss of words.”

I decided to speak up. “So what about the other family? When will they know?”

“They’ll probably be notified today or tomorrow.”

My mom raised her head and wiped her tears. “Can we meet them?”

“If they agree to. In most cases like this families do want to meet the other
family. Would you all like to?”

We exchanged looks and it was a unanimous nod.

“Alright,” the doctor stood up. “We’ll try to arrange something.”

“What are their names again?” Asked my dad.

“The Banks.”

My mom asked, “Where do the Banks live?”

* * *

A week later and we were sky high on a plane to the beautiful, majestic,
glamorous Califor-ni-a. It was hotter, but the people seemed hotter. And I’m
just talking about the people I saw when I was leaving the airport.

We got to the baggage claim center, took our stuff, and spotted and older
suited gentleman holding up a sign that read, “Masons”.

“Guys,” my dad pointed him out. “There!” We rolled our suitcases over to him.
My dad with a wide grin, stuck out his hand to the man. “Hi. We’re the Masons.
You must be George Banks.”

Without even the slightest of a grin, he replied, “Actually Mr. Mason, I am
the driver. Follow me.” _Driver? What kind of people send a driver?_

The car ride alone was a great introduction to L.A. California was full of
mountains. They were beautiful. For a moment we forgot that we were even going
to see our fellow lost relatives. But we got back to discussing it.

“Remember we’re not here on vacation boys.”

I asked the driver, “how much longer?”

“We are here.” As the car slowed down we looked out the window and to our
surprise, we were pulling up to a mansion.

“Um,” my mom said to the driver. “I think this is the wrong house.”

He replied, “No ma’am. This is the Banks’ house.”

My family and I all stared at the mansion and said, “Holy Shit.”

The driver opened the door for all of us and we got our things. There was a
grand staircase to the front door where a smiling maid waited. As my family
and I made our way up, we still couldn’t believe this. The Banks were rich.

Once we made it up the stairs the maid gladly opened the large wooden door.
The inside was even more astonishing than the outside. A woman, man, and two
teenage boys all stood there smiling, well dressed and suited. It made my
family and I feel like underdressed hillbillies. The woman and man walked over
to my parents grinning. “Hello, hello” she shook their hands. “I’m Martha, and
this is my husband George.”

“Hi, I’m Linda. This is Bob. And wow, you have a lovely home.”

“Thank you!”

“A really lovely home.”

“Thanks.”

“Like seriously, this is fancy.”

“Thanks.”

“What do you do for a living?”

“Housewife.”

“What do you do?” She turned to George.

“Business.”

“Nice, Nice. Real nice. Real nice.”

Martha was noticeably feeling uncomfortable. “Anyway, shall we introduce the
children?”

“Right!” My mom remembered why we were here again. “Boys.” Roman and I stepped
up.

“Hi, I’m Roman,” he shook their hands.

And i- well I had to take a deep breath. This wasn’t just a little intro and
some college orientation. These were my birth parents. My real parents. And
here I was about to meet my mom and dad. _My_ mom and dad.

“I’m Chuck,” I extended my hand to Martha but she pulled me in for a hug.
_Nice._ She let me go and George gave me a quick hug to.

“Boys,” called George. The two teenage boys that stood behind them walked
forward. The taller one greeted us, “Hey, I’m Jason.” _My other brother. _Even
though he in Roman were dressed like opposites they had one large thing in
common: appeal. Like Roman, Jason was handsome, with an athletic build.

The other boy stepped up, and my process of elimination it had to be Cody. We
were very different in looks, because he didn’t look like a nerd. He looked
normal. Nothing really standing out making him appealing but nothing making
him geeky or ugly. Just a decent looking guy.

“Hi,” he said to my parents. Technically his parents. This is confusing. He
said hi to my parents AKA his biological parents.

They each hugged quickly and said hi. Roman gave him a head nod and said
“sup.” Cody turned around and we were now facing each other with our mixed up
families all around us. It was eerie. We just stared at each other thinking
_Hey! I was supposed to be you_.

After a few more seconds Martha said, “Okay! Dinner time!”

Their dining room was huge. Along with the rest of their house. I was looking
forward to see how this dinner would play out. We were being served by
butlers. Yes. Butlers. One of them came over to pour some wine into my mom’s
glass.

“None for me. Thank you.”

Martha looked at her from the other end the table. “Oh don’t tell me you don’t
want some of the world’s finest red wine.”

“I’d love to but, I can’t. I’m expecting.”

“Congratulations! When are you due?”

“April.”

“Ugh. I am so jealous! Babies are great. I’d wish my boys never grew up.”

“It’s not too late to make another one,” my mom joked.

“But it is. I got my tubes tied after Cody was born. Did not want another one
of those rocketing through lady garden.”

“Oh.”

When the entrée arrived (chicken, vegetables, and rice) the real talk began.

“Well I guess at some point we should discuss the swap,” George said. All of
the parents nodded.

“It’s an awful thing that happened,” my dad said. “The boys being mixed up
like that.”

“I don’t even understand how the hospital could’ve done that.”

“Mix ups happen.”

“Are you planning to press charges?”

“We thought about it and decided against it.”

George sighed, “It was quite a shock to us getting this news. It completely
changed the formula of our family.”

“It rocked our world too. But we’ve talked to Chuck.”

“And us to Cody.”

“And we thought it would be great if both boys could get to know their other
family.”

“That sounds great,” said Martha. “Exactly what we were thinking. I would love
nothing more than to get to know Chuck.”

I smiled.

Cody added, “and I want to get to know you guys, of course.” He looked at Bob
and Linda.

“Great,” said my mom. “What school do you and your brother go to?”

Jason spoke up. “I’m a senior at Pharnell University. Full scholarship.”

Cody said, “I go to Westerson’s Preparatory High School. Editor of the
yearbook, president of photography club, and captain of the golf team.”

_Damn this kid makes me look bad. _

“That great,” said my mom. “All Chuck does is breathe.”

Everyone at the table laughed. I smiled briefly. George turned to Roman who
was inhaling his food. “So what school are you going to?”

Roman slowed down hid feeding and replied, “I’m in the police academy.”

“Very nice. Chuck, what school are you going to?”

“Pillsbury High.”

“No I meant, which college are you attending next fall?”

_Shit!_ I had absolutely no idea. It was weird how I wanted to impress my
biological parents. They’re supposed to love me unconditionally right? I guess
I was just so surprised and taken back by how upper class they are that I
wanted to prove I could be just as worthy. For God sake, if we weren’t
switched then this would’ve been by life. I didn’t hit me until then that I
was meant to be rich. I was supposed to be a rich boy.

“Chuck!”

I snapped back into reality, “Uh, I’m still looking at schools.”

“Which ones?”

“Uh, you know. The good ones.”

“What do you want to study?”

“You know… stuff. But never mind with the boring school chat. How come you
guys moved from Pennsylvania to Cali?”

Cody answered, “Dad got relocated.”

“When did you guys move?”

“When I was about 4.”

The rest of dinner was pretty good. Jason went back to campus and Roman went
to take a nap in the guest house we would be staying in. The conversation at
the dinner table swiftly became exclusively just the adults talking so Cody
offered to go upstairs to his room and hang out.

Our parents didn’t even notice us leave. I followed him up the grand staircase
to the second level. We walked down a long hallway until we reached his room.
Needless to say it was big. But it was different from the rest of the house.
It actually looked like a teenage boy’s room. Blue wall, band posters, wooden
bookshelf. I plopped myself on the bed, and he said in the chair by his desk.

“So this is crazy huh?” He said.

“I can’t argue with that. I feel robbed.”

“How so?”

“I was supposed to have your perfect life. You got lucky man.”

“Your family seems cool.”

“Don’t judge a book by its cover.”

“And I give you the same advice.”

I felt like this should’ve been more awkward.

“What’s Roman like?”

I rolled my eyes, “my sworn enemy. Hate him. I live with a bully.”

“Really?” I nodded. “Jason’s nothing like that. He’s like the best big bro
ever. I go to him for like everything.”

We spent the next hour or so talking and playing video games. Like if we were
becoming friends instead of swapped boys. We got to know about each other’s
interest and friends and most importantly our families. I ended up falling
asleep in his room.

The next morning we all began the day with another great meal, except this one
was outside. We were all wearing white polo shirts and pants or skirts.
Courtesy of the Banks. We had a golf outing planned for the day at a country
club.

Cody was a pretty cool dude and if we didn’t live thousands of miles away I
could totally see us being friends.

Anyhow, the golf outing lasted about an hour, but we all ended up spending the
day together which I could tell Roman had enough of. He seemed soul crushingly
bored the whole time. I guess I thought he would’ve been more interested in
getting to know his real brother but then again my real brother wasn’t even
here. But he had a good reason: College. Roman was stuck here for the next few
days with all of us so he might as well make the best of it.

The rest of the day was spent on a tour of L.A. The Banks took us to one of
the nicest restaurants in the city and the Hollywood sign. It was your typical
glamourous California touring montage. While in the car, Cody would point
things out to me about the city so I could be more familiar. Roman decided to
finally participate. And boy, was he blunt.

“So Cody, you were supposed to be my brother. Weird huh?”

“Very. Haha.”

“Are you a loser like Chuck?”

“Uh, I wouldn’t say I’m a loser. I wouldn’t say your brother is either.”

“Oh he’s not my brother.”

_Nice._

_ _“How’s police academy?”

“Cool. Cool.”

“Chuck tells me you have a girlfriend.”

“Oh, you mean my fuck buddy? Yeah, she’s great.”

“She’s my principal,” I added.

“She was mine too Chuck. Chill out. So what were you guys doing last night?”

“Just playing some video games,” I answered.

“Ooh.” In a matter of seconds we were in a deep videogame conversation. More
Roman and Cody than I, but I didn’t feel offended.

* * *

Over in the front of the car the Banks the Masons were getting to know each
other.

“So does Cody have a lot of friends at school?” My dad asked.

“Yes,” said George. “But he only really sees them at school or school events.
We like him to stay focused on school so he can get into Pharnell Univeristy
like Jason.”

“Does he have a girlfriend? Maybe a boyfriend?”

“Jennifer Miller. She’s the daughter of our good family friend. They’re not
together, but he’s courting her, if you will.”

“What does Jason major in?” My mom asked.

“Business. So will Cody. We want them to continue the traditions of Banks men
being business men.”

“I remember Chuck saying he goes to Pillsbury High School,” Martha said. “Was
he not able to get into a good private school?”

“Uh,” my mom responded. “We never tried putting our kids in private schools.
They’ve turned out fine.” She smiled.

George, keeping his eyes on the road, said “She’s right. Remember what they
told us last night Martha? About Chuck’s community service this summer at his
local country club.”

“Oh yes!” Martha said. “We were just so concerned about him getting into a
noteworthy college. But community service will make him stand out. How did he
get involved?”

“Um,” my mom hesitated. “It was court ordered.” Martha’s eyes widened spread.

* * *

The day ended back at the house. This night, I would be spending in the guest
house instead of with Cody. We all had our own rooms. This trip was great so
far, but I couldn’t help but feel like this was more vacation then business.
But before I knocked out my mom stopped by and told me that tomorrow I would
be spending the day with the Banks and Cody would spend it with them. It was
supposed to be a more intimate day, is what she called it but that just meant
it really meant “get to know your biological family” day.

“And Chuck,” my mom softly added. “Things have been rocky between us since the
family reunion, and now this. But know that we are still family.”

I didn’t answer.

The following day I dressed in dress pants, a collared pink shirt, and a
sports jacket. I knew how the Banks were and knew they’re style. Dressy all
the time.

I met my bio parents in their mansion. They were dressed nice as usual. They
got their things together and in no time we were off.

“Where are we going?” I asked from the back seat.

“Remember the country club we went to yesterday?” I nodded. “They’re having a
little gathering today, and we want to introduce you to some of our friends.”

* * *

Even though Cody was hanging out with the Masons today, he still dressed like
a Banks. He met my parents, his bio parents, at the guest house.

“What are we doing today?”

“We’re going to walk around L.A. and just hang out.”

“Oh. Let me go back and get my strolling around polo shirt, khaki shorts, and
boat shoes.”

“No need. You can borrow Roman’s clothes.”

“Oh, Mrs. Mason. Don’t worry. I wouldn’t want to trouble you.”

“It’s fine.”

“But I have to maintain the Banks image.”

“It’s one day Cody. Relax. It’s okay to not wear a designer every day. And
please, call me Linda.”

* * *

“Call me Mom,” Martha told me as we all went into the country room eating
area. I thought it was really cool of them to introduce me to all of their
friends. Especially as their son. They must’ve been really close will all of
these people because each introduction went like: “Hi, Mr. and Mrs. So-and-So.
This is our other son, Chuck. Tragic, tragic mix up at the hospital. Turns our
Chuck was supposed to be Cody. How irrational. Right?” Then we began heading
for the exit after seeing everyone.

“We’re leaving already?”

George said, “Oh yeah. We only have to make an appearance at these things. You
know. Gotta maintain our image in the community.”

_The rich community_. “Where are we going now?”

“It’s a surprise,” answered Martha.

* * *

My family and Cody were enjoying their lunch together at an outdoor BBQ grill
restaurant. Roman and my mother were at the bathroom, leaving Cody and my dad
alone.

“This must be so weird for you? You have a new baby on the way and a new
teenage…son.”

“Look, you should know something. You were going to find out sooner or later,
it’s not really a big deal. The baby isn’t mine. It’s a…. family friend’s.”

Cody was taken back.

“I won’t explain the whole story, but yeah.”

“Why are you raising it?”

“The father’s involved. But we decided all 3 of us would raise this kid.”

“But it’s not your biological kid.”

“Neither is Chuck. Doesn’t make him any less of my son.”

Cody nodded. He thought for a minute before saying, “you’re a really good man
Bob Mason.”

He smiled. “I can’t wait to get to know you.”

* * *

The smell of sea water was strong, but what was I supposed to expect? I was on
a fucking yacht. Just me, my bio parents, and some servers on the boat. But I
felt alive. I spent 20 minutes alone at the top of the ship just admiring the
view. It wasn’t until I felt a heavy hand on my shoulder that I snapped back
to life. It was George inviting me downstairs with Martha so we could play
some games and watch a couple of movies. I was having great time today.

And Cody was having a great time with my family walking around L.A. and just
sharing laughs and stories.

I speak for both us when I say it was a good day. And the last one. It didn’t
really dawn on all of us until that night that the next morning my family and
I would have to fly back to Pennsylvania.

I said goodnight to my bio parents with a hug. “We had a great time today,”
said Martha.

“Sure did kiddo.”

“I had a great time too. I can’t wait until next time.”

* * *

“Thanks Bob. Thanks Linda.” Cody said as he hugged them respectively. “You
guys are really cool. Oh, and Roman, I guess you need your clothes back.”

“Nah, it’s okay. You can just give them back next time.”

They shook hands and it turned to a hug. “See ya, bro.”

Cody waved as he went to the door. “It was a pleasure meeting you all.”

“Bye,” they all said to Cody.

The next morning we woke up gruelingly early to catch our flight. The servers
put our luggage in the cars as we said goodbye to the Banks. Well just George
and Martha.

“Thank you for your incredible hospitality,” my mom said.

“Anytime,” answered George.

“We must arrange another meet up soon,” Martha added.

“Of course. We have your numbers,” sad my dad.

“And us yours,” George confirmed.

We exchanged goodbyes and then got in the car. And finally, we drove to the
airport.

