### F*ck My Life! Swapped - Part 1 by AJ

**Date Added:** 2014-07-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Chuck finds out some big news. 

* * *

F*ck My Life! Swapped

Part 1.

Today I –

This week I –

Well, THIS YEAR, is the year that changed everything I knew about myself. My
life was swapped. Literally. But where to begin? Where does this all really
start? I guess about a week after where I left off. The Saturday before school
started. The most dreaded day of the summer and the worst way to end it:
Family Reunion.

Over the years, my family has gotten to be known as a dysfunctional group of
fucktards. But my extended family is exactly that: an extension of
dysfunctional fucktards. And on this last day of August we were all riding in
the car. My mom, Linda (the hysterical pregnant). My dad, Bob (the whipped
father), my brother, Roman (the dumb jock). Ted, (the father of my mom’s
fetus). And me, Chuck.

Living in Pennsylvania my whole life had me yearning to leave. My senior year
was approaching and I couldn’t wait to leave this travesty I call a family.

“Mom, why is Ted coming with us?” Asked Roman.

“Because he’s part of the family now.”

“I can hear you Roman,” said Ted from the seat behind the back seat.

“I just don’t understand why I have to go,” I complained. “Why can’t I just
stay home? I have stuff to do.”

Roman responded, “Like what? Jack off until you can break your sock in half?”

“Hey Roman, how about you stop sleeping with my principal?”

“Chuck, we’re doing everything but sleeping.” He winked at me and I glared at
him with disgust.

“Boys, settle down,” intervened my dad. “None of us want to go to see your
mother’s family. They’re full of freaks.”

“Bob!”

“Well Linda. Let’s be fair. Your sister is a pimp.”

“No! She provides men with high profiled actresses to go to certain events
when they don’t have time to find a date themselves.”

“Aunt Liz is in charge of prostitutes?” I asked.

“No,” Mom said. “They’re escorts.”

Dad said, “They’re whores.”

“Anyways,” mom changed the subject, “Chuck, senior year! Are you excited?”

“Yeah. I can’t wait to get out of school and just move on with my life.”

“Yeah lil’ bro, I know how you feel. Leaving the nest, starting a life, and
getting a career. It all really makes you feel like a man.”

“How would you know because you’ve done none of those things.”

“The fact that Roman even finished high school is a miracle,” said Dad.

“Are we there yet?”

We weren’t. I wish we were because I just wanted to get this over with. Oh
god, when will we finally get to –

“Michigan! We’re here guys!”

Outside of the car, we all stood in front of the park that we would be
entering soon. My parents gleamed at the “Beau Family Reunion” banner that
hung with each end connected poorly to two trees across from each other. Each
of us had a t-shirt that read the same as the banner. _Here we go! _

Immediate family never stays together at family reunions. Moms in one click,
dads and husbands on the other, and I was with my brother and my other teen
cousins. The 13 of use, coed, were actually having an enjoyable time now that
a lot of us matured. My brother even seemed bearable. Marissa was always one
of my favorite cousins, she was the only family member who was ever cool to
me. She was 18, had a small figure, brunette hair, and an innocent face that
was contraire to her personality.

“So then I said,” She continued her story, “That’s not how you do it!” The
punch line had all of us tearing up with laugher. She chuckled too and as the
laughter came to a low roar, she turned her attention to me. “Chuck, what have
you been up to lately?”

I sighed, “I just can’t wait to graduate from high school so I can get some
space from my family.”

“What makes you think you’ll leave after graduation?” She joked, “Look at
Roman.” Roman stopped smiling.

“But you get it Marissa,” I said. “You MUST want to get away from your crazy
parents.”

She looked down and playfully smiled, “I want to find my real parents.”

All of us were immediately confused. “My parents told me a few weeks ago that
I was adopted. I’m not really a Beau.” There was an awkward silence. Kind of
like if everyone was pitying her. It was weird. In the midst of all the
background laugher, chit chat, sizzling food on the barbeque, this bench was
completely quiet. And I didn’t understand why. “Marissa, that’s awesome.”
Everyone’s eyes sharply looked at me. “Seriously, I would love to be adopted!
To find out that I’m not related to this groups of people would be a huge
relief!” Now they looked insulted. Probably shouldn’t have put it that way.
Marissa glared at me. “My real parents didn’t want me.”

“Well I don’t want my real parents.”

“Chuck, you’re making an ass out of yourself. Stop.”

I could take a hint, but she was still pissed. “Chuck, I can’t with you
anymore.” She got up very upset and walked god-knows-where. Roman turned his
head to me and shook it slowly in disappointment. _What did I do wrong?_

* * *

“Bob, who’s this friend of yours?” Asked my Uncle Brady. He was the redneck of
the family or pretended to be at least. He grew up in Beverly Hills. And by
“this friend” he meant Ted.

“This is Ted. He’s um,” my dad had a hard time trying to explain Tim’s role in
the family. “He’s the father of, uh, Linda’s, uh, baby.”

* * *

I sat at table with a coke bottle in my hand and phone in the other. I was
texting Bert and Ana. It was a really hot day and I was sweating bullets. I
decided it was in my best interest to avoid the rest of my family since I
already pissed off a bunch of my cousins. This was nice. Being alone was nice.
Finally I really began to enjoy myself until I was under Uncle Brady’s shadow.

“Hey Chuck.” _Why does he have a toothpick in his mouth? Doesn’t make you any
more of a redneck_.

“Hey Uncle Brady.” I knew he wanted something.

“I need you. I wanted to surprise your grandmother with a big cake this year.
Family’s so important to her so I bought a three layered vanilla cake and
we’re gonna surprise her with it.”

“Where do I come in?”

“It’s in my truck and want you to drive it from the parking lot to here.”

“Here in the park? On the grass?”

“Yes and I need to stay here and go distract your grandmother so she doesn’t
see it.”

“Can’t I just distract her?”

He laughed, “Boy all you’ll do is irritate her.” He even uses a fake southern
accent.

“I’d love to help Uncle Brady,” no I wouldn’t, “I really would, but I can’t
drive.”

“Boy it’s only from the parking lot to here. Don’t fret. Here.” He tossed me
his keys. “Now get going. It’s the white pickup truck in the B section.”

“I really can’t dri-”

“Boy go!”

_Gosh I hate demands_. I was walking to his stupid truck in this insane summer
heat. I took my time to get there and the truck was not hard to miss due to
the tall vanilla cake draped in clear plastic. I’m sure cake shouldn’t be left
in the heat like this.

I got in the car and started it up. The feeling was a bit of DeJavu to when I
illegally drove without a license back in May. It’s been so long that I almost
forgot how to drive. _First, put it in Drive_, I told myself. After doing so,
I slowly took my foot of the brake and slowly began moving. I had to keep this
pace anyway due to the cake in the back. After about a minute of creeping in
the parking lot I made it onto the sidewalk and onto the grass. Now that I had
enough confidence I picked up the speed then turned up radio volume. The radio
station was already set to country tunes. The worst kind of country tunes. I
couldn’t listen to this so I started switching radio stations and took my eyes
of the road…or grass or whatever. Finding a good station was hard.

Soon I began to notice something in my peripheral vision. I looked up to
notice I was rapidly approaching a tree by the reunion. I swiftly stomped my
foot onto the bake and my eyes widened with the realization that I was still
going to hit the tree. And when it did the front of the truck was busted. A
group of family members watched, very concerned and Uncle Brady ran through
them to see the damage. The reunion was large enough that not even everyone
saw the accident. Only the ones nearby. Beau family reunions were huge.
Anyway, I opened the car door, shaken up, and tried to regain some balance as
I stepped onto the ground. Uncle Brady’s face was a mix of pissed and sad.
“What the hell man?” He walked to me and pushed me away from the car, “go boy.
Go to your grandmother. Did no one ever teach your dumb ass to drive?”

At least the cake was still okay.

At this point I was lost. Dizzy from the accident and searching for my
grandmother.

“Chucky is that you?” I turned around. My grandma found me. The corners of her
mouth hit her ears as she saw me. I flashed a smile right back at her while
she walked to me. I was greeted with a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Been here
this whole time and you weren’t going to say hi to me?”

I forgot why I usually avoided her.

“Chucky, you and mostly everyone here is a result of my vagina, be grateful.”

Now I remember. My grandma put her arm around my shoulder. She was a bit
shorter than me. We began walking and catching up. “Listen Chucky, Marissa’s
dropped out of the kid’s competition this year. Will you be a dear and take
her spot?”

“Sorry Grandma but I’d rather just lay back an-”

“Oh sweetie, for grandma? Please?”

She was too sweet to say no to.

The first game was the potato sac race. One thing I noticed was why Marissa
dropped out. There were only other kids there. Like 8 year olds. We were all
lined up, me in the middle, and I was sure to lose on purpose. Parents were
behind us cheering.

“Don’t throw the competition,” a female voice whispered in my ear. I turned
around to see my aunt-in-law Kelly. “Listen, just because your older doesn’t
me you should throw the game. My son Brandon should win on his own merits. Be
fair.”

“You sure?”

“Yes, how else will they learn to be fair?”

“On your marks! Ready, set, Go!” The race began and I was immediately in the
lead. The cheering of the parents was like the cheering in a baseball stadium.
I was getting closer and closer to the finish line while kids behind me fell
or couldn’t keep up. Obviously I won, but the look on a lot of these parents
faces were angry. At me. Kelly came stormed up to me with Brandon, still in
his sac, jumping behind her. “How could you just crush a bunch of kid’s
spirits?” _What? _“They’re CHILDREN. And you can’t let them have a little
victory? Such an asshole.”

* * *

A little over, under the bleachers, Roman, and a couple of male cousins
gathered in private. They were huddled in circle.

“You guys ever seen the movie _Carrie?_ Where the girl gets drenched with pigs
blood at prom?” They nodded to Roman as their leader. “Well I’ve got quite a
prank I’m going to play on Chuck.”

* * *

I was more than ready to leave. But we still had to wait for this year’s MVFM
(Most Valuable Family Member). Each year with this bull. We all voted by
writing down the name of the person we choose and someone counts the name with
the most votes. Then grandma goes on stage and declares the winner. Last two
years it was Roman, but his life flipped this past year.

As I sat at a table alone with my pen and little piece of paper I was supposed
to write a name on, I doodled out of boredom.

“Family! Family!” It was undeniably grandma’s dainty sweet voice. “The MVFM is
about to be announced.” We all got up from where we were and gladly gathered
in front of grandma as she stood on the small stage facing us. I stood in the
very back of the crowd.

She held an envelope in which the name of the MVFM was in. Uncle Brady walked
up next to her and swung is arm around her shoulders.

“Mom, we know how much this reunion means to you, so we got you a surprise.
Boys, bring it out!” In seconds Roman and two of my cousins were lifting the
cake on the stage, leaving a lot room between her and the cake. When I looked
back at grandma she was smiling and hugging Uncle Brady tightly.

“You are so sweet. Thank you, thank you, thank you.” He received a peck on the
cheek as gratitude. He, Roman, and the others made their way of the stage and
joined the rest of us.

“Wow, what a great day. I just want to let you all know that no matter what
the results are, each one of you is valuable family member in my heart.”

They swooned.

“One of you is just better than the rest,” she bluntly added. “But without
further adieu, this year’s MVFM is……..” She struggled with the envelope, “Damn
arthritis.” We all awkwardly watched and waited not wanting to help her
because she loves independence. This went on for about 4 minutes until she
ripped it open and slid out the paper. “My, my, my, this year’s winner is a
first timer. Congrats…………….CHUCKY!”

Everyone turned their stern faces right back to me. _Shit_. It was so obvious
this was rigged. But why?

I smiled at them and began to make my way through my relatives and to the
stage. Once there, I hugged grandma, the only one smiling other than my
parents and Roman. As she released me from my grip I looked back and the crowd
of family awkwardly clapping. They were just as confused as I was. “Thank
you!” I got out, smiling. This was just a painfully silent situation.

“You’re welcome,” two voices behind me said and as quickly turned around I was
welcomed to two of my cousins pouring red liquid all over me from a metal
bucket. The audience of my dork show gasped. They smiled proudly, which I
could barely see because of the liquid blurring my glasses. I tried to walk
but with my lack of vision and wet liquid on the floor I kept swerving and
twisting until I eventually landed on the cake, destroying it.

Everyone gasped again. Everyone except Roman and my cousins. It suddenly made
sense as to why I won.

“Oh Chuck, you ruined the cake!” Grandma said disappointed. “Uh!”

In moments I was up on my feet covered in vanilla cake and red liquid
completely humiliated. Even though Roman laughed, everyone else was booing at
me.

“Had to ruin a great day didn’t you?”

“Chuck, what they hell man?! That cake cost me money!”

“He hates kids. He wouldn’t even let them win in the sac race.”

“You suck!”

“You ruined grandma’s day!”

There were so many more comments. But those are what I heard in the midst of
all the heckling. I just looked at one person to the next as the anger grew
inside of me. They just kept ranting.

I.Blew. Up. “ENOUGH!” The noise died down. With my breath heavy I spoke. “I am
so done with all of you people! Each and every fucking one! You’re all awful
people and this is the last place I wanted to be. It’s not like I don’t get
enough shit at home and now I have to come here and take it from you? NO! No!
NO! Everyone here acts like their better than me. Like they can look down on
me. Making my life hell. But you know what? I’m looking down on all of YOU. My
life may not be together right now, but I can admit it! Most of you are
nothing but washed up bitchy housewives and middle aged men going through
stupid cowboy midlife crisis’s. WELL I’m SICK OF IT. I’M SICK OF YOU. I LOATHE
EVERYDAY THAT I AM RELATED TO ALL OF YOU MOTHERFUCKING MORONS. I WOULD LOVE
NOTHING MORE THAN TO NOT BE HERE WITH YOU RIGHT NOW. Screw all of you! I hate
this family!”

It was quiet now and a lot of faces expressed offense. I was too pissed to
care. I didn’t even flinch when my cousin wiped some cake off my face and
tasted it.

_“Mmm, Vanilla.”_

***

The grass was greener than ever before and the sun shined on my face. I just
stared at this building as the many teens walked into it. I’ve waited so long
for this moment. For this day. The beginning of the end. The countdown to when
I actually get to leave home. Today. The day. The first day.

Of my Senior Year.

The hallways were buzzing with sound and I was actually…happy. High school
definitely was not the best part of my life, but things were coming to a
close. 9 more months of this and I’m free.

“Hey! Chuck!” I gladly turned around to that familiar friendly face.

“Bert, what’s up?” We bro-hugged.

“Dude it’s here! We are KINGS of the school. To think we started off as nerdy
freshman.”

“I’m still a nerd I’d say. YOU’RE the king of the school. I’ll still be thrown
in the trash. Literally.”

“Don’t even worry my friend. As captain of the football team you are off limit
to any bullying by the guys. You’re in the clear this year.”

“Man in charge. I like it.”

“Hey, I gotta make sure my best friend and I have THE best senior year.”

“Great because I don’t think after all that break up shit I went through
Junior Year, I could handle more drama.”

“Drama free year my man. And I am a shoe in for prom king.”

“Ha! You’re already thinking about prom?”

“Dude. Prom King is the ultimate status symbol. If I win prom king, I would’ve
gotten everything I ever wanted. Popularity. Admiration. Power. I’ll finally
be on top. This is the last chance before college to be who we want to be. Who
do you want to be?”

“Whoa. Where do I begin? Different.”

“What? That’s vague.”

“Different. Completely different. I want to become a completely different
person. The opposite of who I am now. A king. I know it sounds so childish
but, I want that.” _I just don’t know if I can have it._

“If there’s any time to do it, it’s now Chuck. Play your cards right this
year, and you’ll get yourself on track for the life you want.”

“And be king.”

“And be king.” Bert raised his fist in the air and yelled, “class of 2014 WE
ARE THE KINGS!”

“WOOOOOOO!” They howled at the top of their lungs bellowing with glee.

Senior year was kicking off great. Last period, no wedgies, toilet dunking, or
general teasing. Just a few more minutes and I could declare this the perfect
first day.

“Chuck,” my teacher said. I looked up from my notebook, “Principal Daz wants
to see you.” _What for?_

“Okay.” I took my backpack and notebook and left the classroom. When I stepped
into her office I was greeted by an awkward smiled by both her and Mr. Reed.

“Take a seat,” Mr. Reed gestured to the chair in front of Daz’s desk.

I did. I was very suspicious. “So what did I do?”

“Haha!” She laughed. Then Mr. Reed laughed. “Silly you! Sil-ly Chuck. You did
nothing. This is more about Mr. Reed and I.”

“Huh?”

“We just want to make sure that everything’s okay given the…circumstances.
Between, you know, … us …and your family.”

“Oooooh.” I got it.

“Yes. You see…you know that Roman and I have been seeing each other.”

“Doing each other.” I corrected. Mr. Reed laughed and Principal Daz shot hit a
look.

“And you know that Mr. Reed is having a baby with your mother.”

“Don’t remind me,” I said.

“That doesn’t change the fact that I’m still your principal.”

“And I’m still your teacher.”

“You were my HOMEROOM teacher. Last year.”

“The point is,” Principal Daz said, “Let’s not get the school world get mixed
with the outside world. We keep it professional in this school.”

“Um… okay?”

We all just sat there for a while in complete silence, as my confused eyes
moved back and forth between the two of them. “So… can I ..go now?”

“Yes! Yes! Of course!” I rushed out of there but not before Mr. Reed told me
he’d see me at dinner.

The rest of the week followed as normal.

Tuesday went well. My first gym class of the year and not a single soul ganged
up on me. Even scored a goal. At lunch I sat with Bert and the football team.
They actually accepted me. After school we went to the park and tossed around
a ball. Teachers just didn’t give a lot of homework senior year.

Mom’s morning sickness dampened my next morning as I brushed my teeth while
she barfed in the toilet next to me. Dad was out front taking pictures of
Roman in uniform pre police academy.

School was a blast. We had a pep rally, spaghetti tacos for lunch, and our
football team won the first game of the year during the afterschool game.

I was on a high. Bert was right. I was enjoying this year and it had only been
3 days. Home life, however, was …eh. But who cares?

Thursday morning Bert and I skipped our morning classes to go to the local
carnival. When we got back to school, it was lunchtime! And of course the rest
of the day all we did was watch movies in classes. Senioritis hits hard.

T.G.I.F. It had been while since I had genuinely enjoyed a Friday the way a
high school should’ve. I had my head in the clouds and absolutely no worries.
I had been really distant with my family since the outburst at the reunion,
but frankly I liked it that way. I almost felt like less of a relative and
more of a person renting a room in their house. Without paying rent.

Walking outside my house that morning, my parents called out from the car in
the driveway. “Hey, you want a ride to school?”

“Hmm,” I pretended to ponder. “No, I’ll walk.” Just as they backed out Roman
passed me and went to his car. I didn’t even know how his police training was
going.

And that was totally fine. I shrugged and walked to school as careless as a
child.

Monday

A week of the new school had officially been over and a bit of the excitement
died down now that we hit our 2nd week. Bert and I were standing talking by
the outside eating area against the walls of our school.

“So it’s been a week,” Bert said trying to imply something.

“I know?”

“Haven’t you noticed? Someone’s been missing since school started?”

_Who? _“I’m lost.”

“Michelle.”

Whoa. That realization hit me hard. I had almost forgotten she existed. For a
whole week I hadn’t seen her. Actually not since the beginning of summer.
“Shit.” I was a bit concerned.

“Yah. I know. Where is she?”

“Camp’s got to be over by now. Where is she?” I missed my stalker.

“Whoa.” I looked at Bert but he wasn’t looking at me. His attention was behind
me. He stared intensely and shocked with his mouth open.

“What?” I turned around to see and boy was it a sight. It was Michelle.
Everyone stopped what they were doing and just stared shocked as they watched
her make her entrance. They weren’t staring for just any reason. The Fat Camp
worked.

Michelle was…..thin. And boy did she know it. Not one once of attention went
to waste. She loved it. She flashed a smile and set her eyes on Bert and I and
made her way to us.

“Hey Boys.”

“Oh my god Michelle! You’re-”

“Skinny, I know. It’s amazing where eating right and exercise will take you.”

“Whoa,” was the first thing out of Bert’s mouth. He was still shocked.

“I know. It takes a few moments to take in.”

I spread open my hands to hug her. I would usually be afraid of her never
letting me go, but I risked it.

“Chuck, I sensed that.” She was still grinning. “You don’t have to worry. The
stalker phase is over. I’m not going to watch you sleep anymore.”

“What?” Bert and I said?

“I’m done with that. This summer I got a chance to grow mentally. And shrink
physically. I wanna be you friend, Chuck, not your fear.”

“I don’t know what to say.”

“Just admire the new Michelle.”

“So you got rid of all of the pictures and pieces of my hair in your room?”

“I just got back today, so I’ll be spending the week throwing out all of my
files on you, pictures of you, and dildos.”

“What?”

“Oh yeah, you’ll find this hilarious. Last year I got a sextoy modeled after
you genitals.” She laughed, I didn’t. “Good times, good times. But it’s over.
Michelle’s got bigger things planned for her senior year. Great talking to you
two, but I gotta go make an entrance in the hallway. Toodles!” Before turning
away to the side entrance, she blew us a kiss.

Michelle swearing off of me was unexpected. She followed me endlessly for over
a year, and I can’t lie. Deep down I liked the attention. I’d miss it. But
this was the new her, or so she claimed, and senior year is all about
evolving.

“She’s my queen.” When Bert said this I noticed him still staring past me as
if Michelle was still there.

“Queen? You got a crush?” I laughed.

“No,” he looked at me. “Don’t you see it? Queen. _Prom_ Queen. Her new found
figure will bring in new found popularity, and votes. If we campaign together,
we’re in!”

“Dude, it’s just a plastic crown and prom’s months away.”

“That’s why it’s good to start early.”

Just noticing Michelle’s new attitude a few minutes ago, I knew she wouldn’t
say no. Michelle and Bert both had their due time at the bottom of the cliché
high school food chain, and being elected King and Queen at the prom will be a
great story of how two once losers overcame.

Thursday

The dinner table had never been so full, yet so quiet. Tonight Mr. Reed and
Principal Daz joined us. I barely looked up from my plate. I was a bit tense
in this hell’s kitchen, and I didn’t want to blow up again.

“So Ms. Daz,” my mom began.

“Oh please. Call me Hagen.”

“How’s work been?”

“Good, great. Especially when you have great student like Chuck.” _What a kiss
ass._ “How’s the, uh, fetus?”

My mother responded, “Good. Due in April.”

Excited, Ms. Daz asked, “Do you want a boy or a girl?”

My parents smiled and exchanged looks. Dad said, “We already have two boys. A
girl is welcomed.”

“It won’t be yours anyway,” I muttered. My parent’s smiles dropped and I could
sense her staring at me.

“What did you say?” She looked a little hurt.

“Forget it. It wasn’t meant to be heard.”

Now my dad was angry over my mom’s hurt expression. “What did you say?”

“Let’s just drop it. Sorry.”

“Chuck!”

“Dad, just leave it!”

He paused, looked away, and back at me as he sternly said, “this baby will be
your brother or sister so treat i-”

“Exactly!” I interrupted, “MY brother or sister. Not YOUR son or daughter. It
doesn’t matter if it’s a boy or a girl, its Ted’s friggin’ kid, so it doesn’t
matter what you want dad. Not your blood, not your family! It’s barely gonna
be related to me!” I stood up angrily and just left my unfinished dinner at
the table along with the collection of uncomfortable and hurt faces. I knew
that family dinner would’ve ruined the peace I found in being, or at least
feeling, independent from them.

My feet were out the door without the rest of my body even knowing where I was
going. I ended up sitting on the swings at the local park. It was dark and
deserted, which is exactly what I needed. I just sat their rocking a little
bit, thinking about the dinner. _All I have to do is calm down, and just go
back to keeping the peace and staying distant. I’ll be going away to college
soon enough. _

Friday

I didn’t get a chance to see Bert that morning so I headed straight to my
locker. I felt too tired to talk anyway. My energy was low and an all weekend
nap is just what I needed to recharge.

The sound of heels clicking on the floor over the chatter of the hallways was
getting louder, while I tried to concentrate on opening my lock. The heels
stopped at me. Michelle.

“Hey,” I smiled.

“Morning.” She didn’t smile back. Something was going on.

“You okay?”

“Um, kind of. We need to talk.” She stepped a bit closer to me with concern.

“What’s wrong?” We whispered now.

She sighed, “Remember how I said that I would clear my room of all-things-
Chuck?” I nodded. “That included my extensive number of files I had on you.”

“You had files on me?”

“Don’t act surprised. Anyway, I was throwing it all out and I noticed this one
file that I never read before, your medical record. So I opened it and well…
it had some stuff that wasn’t…right. And so I spent last night doing one last
binge background check and I found something. I put all of the information
together and well… you’ll have to see for yourself.” She took out a big yellow
envelope from her purse. “You need to read this. It’s your medical record and
the stuff I found last night.” She handed it to me.

“What’s in here? What does it say? Am I sick or something?”

“No,” she said with pity. “Just read it.”

“But-”

“I’m sorry, I have to go.” She patted my shoulder and went off. In both of my
hands I held this envelope that terrified me more than ever. Part of me wanted
to wait until lunch. But that would be impossible. I couldn’t wait. Whatever
Michelle had found was drastic enough that she couldn’t wait until later to
give it to me, so why should I wait later to read it?

The 1st period bell rang, and my decision was made. I skipped first period and
went to the school library to read this file.

Everyone there was diligently working. 10 minutes into 1st period and I still
hadn’t even opened it. I didn’t have the time to wait anymore. Slowly I tore
the top of slowly before I pulled out a handful of documents.

The one on the first page was my birth certificate. Highlighted, was the name
of the hospital: St. Ramon’s. In red, Michelle had circled my birthday. July
5, 1995. I put that page down. The next page was a copy of my blood donor card
that I was given after I donated blood when I was 16. This time, in green,
Blood type was circled. Chuck Mason: Type AB. Below it were copies of my mom,
dad, and brother’s information with their blood type that Michelle circled in
blue. Linda Beau: Type B

Bob Mason: Type O

Roman Mason: Type B

That was the red flag. My heart beat faster and my hands were shaking. It’s
impossible for my blood type to be AB when my dad’s was O’ and my mom’s was B.
The only way I could be type AB is if one parent was type A and the other was
Type B. My mom was type B…

The thoughts were racing in my head. _Was Bob not my real father? Did mom have
some sort of affair? Does my dad know? What if I’m adopted? Who is my real
dad? If I’m adopted, who’s my mom?_

This was too much to grasp in such short time. I set the papers down to close
my eyes and think. I kept trying to put the information in some sort of way
that it would be possible that I was my parent’s child. But genetically it was
impossible for me to be 100% related to all of them. There were still more
papers that I hadn’t read, and I wasn’t sure if I had the strength to read
them. In 2 minutes alone I learned that the man I thought was my father may
not be my father. Or the other possibility that I was adopted. _Adopted_.

No matter which of the two it possibilities it was, I pictured my family
differently. Thinking of my dad is what hurt me the most. Even if I wasn’t
adopted there wasn’t any conceivable way that he was my real dad. That killed
me.

After another couple minutes of breathing, I had to think of my next action
carefully. I couldn’t forget what I just learned and if I finished reading the
rest of the papers there wouldn’t be any going back. But not reading them
wasn’t even an option. The curiosity wouldn’t have ever left me alone.

I picked up the papers and flipped to the next page. There on the page was a
copy of another birth certificate. It was some guy’s whose name was Cody
Banks. St. Ramon’s was highlighted. Circled in red was his birthday. July 5,
1995. We had the same birthday and were born in the same hospital. The pages
that followed were medical records of his family. _Where is this going
Michelle? _In blue was his blood type:

Cody Banks Type B

In green I found the rest of his family’s.

Martha Banks Type B

George Banks Type A

Jason Banks Type AB

_No._

This was not real. Michelle was not implying what I think all these color
coded marks meant. No way me and this Cody Banks kid were switched at birth.
I’d rather be adopted. Plenty of babies are born at the same hospital on the
same days. That’s just a coincidence. And the blood types well…well… well….

Well nothing. I couldn’t look past that part. I tried to but I couldn’t.
Denial was always key, but there was no going past this one. With all this
information piled up, there was a very good chance that I was….. Swapped.

