### THE 109TH "FIGHTING LOSERS" by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-01-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A summary of the official narrative of the US Army infantry division the 109th "Fighting Losers" in the Second World War. The only 100% nincompoop outfit to see combat! The worst performing unit of the entire Allied war machine! 

* * *

**Note:** Please read this in a 1940s propaganda film voice.

The 109th “Fighting Losers!” Yes, ladies and gentleman, the 109th "Fighting
Losers," the disgrace of America’s armed forces during the Second World War!

Holders of such embarrassing records as:

\--Largest formation of able-bodied troops to surrender (two whole regiments
surrendered after a German passed gas loudly in a nearby foxhole)

\--Most territory lost and re-lost (after losing part of southern France, the
local residents gave up and started speaking German)

\--Fastest retreat, on a division, brigade, regiment, battalion, and platoon
level

\--Most deserters during a rest period (90% of the division went AWOL, 10% got
lost and wound up back in formation by chance)

\--Fastest 40 yard dash in full gear (made by a retreating man wielding a
bazooka)

\--The most cases of venereal disease caught in the shortest period of time
(6,500 soldiers, a 3 day weekend)

How did the 109th come into existence, you ask? Well, it all started in late
1944 when some 1-star general decided he wanted to be a 2-star general, and a
colonel decided he wanted to be a 1-star general, and a lieutenant colonel
aspired to be a colonel, and a major wanted to make lieutenant colonel and so
on and so forth right down to the lowest private, who wanted to advance from
PV1 to PV2.

But how to go about doing so? Well, the go-getter general decided to put
together another infantry division for the army….despite the fact that they
already had a hundred (literally) infantry divisions and the war in Europe was
winding down. Hmm, tough break!

So how did he put together such a division at such a time? It was as easy as
one, two, three, folks! He simply asked every other division for all their
worst drunks, dope fiends, lazy bums, morons, homosexuals, underachievers,
morbidly obese, cross-dressers, transgender, intersex, chronic deserters, bad
chefs, compulsive gamblers, anyone who lied about their age to get into the
army and is thus 16-years-old and below, schizophrenics, men with gigantism,
exhibitionists, nudists, conscientious objectors, dwarves, paraplegics,
quadriplegics, men with venereal diseases, men prone to cannibalism, anyone
inbred, anyone missing a limb, anyone blind, dumb, or deaf, anyone who still
believed in Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny or any combination thereof, and
anyone who has or planned on attending clown college. From that hodgepodge of
men the wannabe 2-star general was able to assemble the worst division in the
history of the Second World War!

During their time at the front, the 109th was assigned a single combat
mission, at which they failed miserably almost immediately. Relieving their
sister division the 108th “Fighting Winners,” all the 109th had to do was hold
a tiny French hamlet over the Christmas holiday so their overachieving sister
division could take a break from their hard work of defeating divisions of
poorly trained, poorly equipped, and pathetically motivated German teens and
tweens and scoring with loosey goosey French prostitutes and milk maids.

All went reasonably well at first (only 500 self-inflicted foot wounds were
reported that first week), until December 16, 1944 when the 109th was attacked
by an elite Waffen-SS Panzer division as part of Hitler’s grand plan to turn
his life around, “Operation Watch on the Rhine.” The 109th promptly fell
apart; the entire division retreated, was captured, or deserted in less than
24 hours. The resultant gap in the Allied lines due to the 109th’s departure
subsequently became a German pocket of resistance which was not cracked for
more than two months. Yes, two months! That is how long it took every member
of the 1st SS Panzer Division to get syphilis from a French prostitute or milk
maid and thus have to be sent home.

After the disaster in the Ardennes, the 109th was reformed, minus all the
deserters and terminal VD cases, because the spirited 1-star general
desperately wanted his second star……..and he thought he could use the 109th in
the coming invasion of the Japanese homeland. His plan was simple, the 109th
would go ashore first and the Japanese would expend all their kamikazes
blowing the perpetual losers to smithereens, paving the way for the real
soldiers to secure a beachhead unmolested.

US President Harry Truman reportedly liked the idea so much he fell out of his
chair laughing and temporarily lost his glasses.

Fortunately for the 109th and unfortunately for comedians everywhere, the war
ended after the dropping of the atomic bombs on Japan in August of 1945,
sparing the 109th losers from….hmm, well we can’t say certain death because
many had terminal VD cases…….so…..uhhh….a violent death then! Yes! A violent
death is what the bums of the 109th were spared from by those wonderful atomic
bombs and their eye popping power.

The 109th returned home from overseas to rowdy crowds lining the docks booing
and hissing their arrival. Unhappy, disappointed wives, angry, crying
children, and drunk distant relatives, all hurled tomatoes at the “soldiers”
as they lackadaisically trudged off the ship, hung-over, terminally ill,
unaware of where they were. A cheer arising from the crowd only when a well-
aimed tomato sent a morbidly obese “soldier” into the scum covered waters of
the harbor.

Yes, after accumulating, a grand total of zero decorations of any kind and
spending one half day in “combat” things were all downhill for the soldiers of
the 109th, they could write their own ticket! The world was their oyster! Easy
street here we come! Oh yes! Nearly all 109th veterans went on to successful
careers in prisons, mental hospitals, poor houses, halfway houses, methadone
clinics, prostitution, panhandling, tramping, and most notably, clowning!

But really folks, there was truly only one successful fighting loser! That man
was ex-private Burt Forgotit who wrote the critically acclaimed novel
“Hamburger-Two,” about his experiences in war, specifically his one half day
of combat and subsequent 100 days of captivity. While some critics called the
book barely legible (it was written in crayon after all), other literary
scholars hailed it as the “funniest book ever to come out of a war that left
50 to 75 million dead!”

Well folks, in conclusion, remember it's not the quantity of your sexual
relations with French prostitutes and milk maids that count. It's the quality.
On the other hand, if more than 20 years elapse between your country having to
bail out France…AGAIN….I’d definitely look into it. Well, that's about it for
me folks.

**Trivia:**

\--Based on the story of the actual US 106th Infantry Division in WWII

\--The atomic bombs did pop people’s eyeballs out

\--A unit similar to the 109th was referenced in the book, “The Thin Red Line”
by James Jones

\--A member of the 106th did write a famous novel after the war

\--References include, “Catch-22” (a comical WWII novel) and the film, “Love
and Death”

\--Soldiers in all armies in WWII had high rates of VD infection

