### The Slings and Arrows of outrageous Secrets by JB. Woods

**Date Added:** 2015-01-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The vagouries of Love an Urban life 

* * *

The slings and arrows of outrageous ‘Secrets.’

The sounds of Chris de Burgh extolling the virtues of his scarlet woman faded
in the frosty December air and ‘Sherwood Close’ became alive with other
noises. Car doors banged, high pitched voices shouted half meant well-being’s
and stiletto heels shivered unsteadily towards copycat redbrick boxes.

The Christmas party at John and Rosemary Little’s house was a success as
always and their inner circle of friends had begun to depart in various stages
of inebriated excitement.

Robin Bowman sought out his wife Elaine, but instead he spotted the ultra-
feminine blonde vision of Rosemary making a bee line towards him.

‘A lovely evening Rose.’

He lowered his head to give her the customary ‘goodbye’ hug and kiss and much
to his surprise she threw an arm around his neck, thrust her hips tight into
him and kissed him full on the mouth.

‘I love you,’ she said breathlessly in his ear.

He lifted his head and nervously glanced across the room towards the tall
figure of John and was relieved to see him preoccupied with other departing
guests.

Not quite knowing what to say, he untwined her arm and said quietly, but
firmly. ‘Rose, I love you, dearly, but this is not the time. I will see you on
Wednesday as usual.’

He saw the beginnings of a tear glistening in the corner of her eye and he
gave her a squeeze and kissed her on the forehead. ‘When the time is right,
love, I will tell Elaine, but you must be patient.’

‘You’re right,’ she whispered, ‘but hurry, I ache for you,’ and wistfully she
added, ‘take care until Wednesday.’

She turned away and with a half-hearted smile waved to someone about to leave.

His wife, Elaine, provocatively attired in clinging green sequins, came up
behind him and linked an arm through his. Her lips were moist and her eyes
sparkled with Champagne fuelled anticipation.

‘Hi, handsome, are you set, because I am. Let’s go before the mood wears off.’

They said their goodbyes, but there was no sign of Rosemary, and John made her
excuses as he waved them off from the front door.

‘It doesn’t matter, John,’ Robin assured him, ‘it was a great night, give Rose
our love.’

He smiled quietly to himself as they dashed, giggling, across the road to
their house and he wondered what delights Elaine would serve up that night as
she was a woman of great enterprise.

John also smiled secretively as he watched the lissom figure of Elaine and he
turned to seek out Rosemary to burn up the passion that stirred within him,
unable to wait for Wednesday’s passionate excesses at the ‘Foresters Hotel’.

—

The landlord of the ‘Foresters’, Bill Tuck, a portly man whose hair was
receding quicker than the tide, gave Robin a knowing wink as he served him a
beer and a glass of wine. Nothing was said, but he had been witness to these
Wednesday goings on for six months and had sometimes rostered Elaine and John
into the same room just for devilment while at the same time avoiding several
close calls in the olde worlde lounge while the sheets were changed.

Robin joined Rose in the alcove by the fire and she snuggled up close. His
hand dropped to her thigh and she wriggled sensually as the last tingles of
spent passion quivered through her body.

She moaned quietly and whispered, ‘Robin, I don’t think I can take this much
longer. I love you and it is driving me mad waiting for Wednesday to arrive.’

He desperately sought the right words and he said, in what he hoped was a
sincere voice, ‘I promise you, Rose, I will tell her, it won’t be long now.’

He deliberately looked at his watch. ‘Look at the time, I must ring Elaine and
let her know I’ll be late.’

Flipping open his cell phone he speed dialled Elaine at the same time he
smiled and blew a kiss at Rose.

He listened for a couple of rings before he became aware of the opening bars
of ‘Greensleeves’, the familiar dial tone of Elaine’s phone. Pin pricks of
anxiety coursed through him, adrenalin fuelled messages pinged in his brain.

‘Keep calm,’ he said to himself. ‘go slowly towards the sound.’

He stood up and looked over the settle dividing their alcove from the one next
door and saw Elaine’s green leather handbag lying in the corner unattended.
Breathing a sigh of relief he switched off his phone and turned to Rose.

‘Let’s go for a drive, Rose. It’s a lovely afternoon, a quiet walk by the
river will be just right to end the day.’

His hopes of a quick retreat were dashed when a husky voice, which he knew
intimately, said, ‘Fancy seeing you here.’

He swung around, and leaning with his arm outstretched across the settle he
smiled weakly at Elaine who stood before him flushed in expectation of the
primeval gymnastics to come.

‘I just dropped in for a couple of beers, dear. In fact I was trying to call
you.’

His attempt at shielding Rose failed dismally when she stood up and said, ‘Who
is it, Robin?’

She gasped and the colour drained from her face when she saw Elaine. ‘Oh, oh,
dear,’ she stammered.

‘Oh dear,’ said Elaine, mimicking Rose and taking delight at watching her
squirm with embarrassment. ‘Oh dear, indeed.’

The wavy haired figure of John came down the stairs in the lobby, walked
across to them and wrapping his arms tight around Elaine he said in mock
disapproval, ‘Oops, who have we here?’

Robin shook his head disbelievingly and Rose opened her mouth to speak when
Elaine said, ‘Now seems like a good time to tell you, Robin. I’m leaving you.
I’m going to live with John.’

There was silence for a moment, when Robin, in a moment of distracted,
patronizing arrogance, hooked his thumb towards Rose.

‘No problem,’ he sneered.

The repressed anger of super cool Rose, exploded. Her metal adorned handbag
came up in a swift, swinging arc and hit Robin behind the ear so hard that he
took an involuntary step forward.

‘So, I’m now considered—No Problem,’ she said, ‘you self-serving chauvinistic
bastard!’ John and Elaine stood wide eyed and incredulous. Who was this
seething tigress. ‘If you imagine for one moment I am moving in just for your
convenience, you, you, marital pimp, you have another think coming. I can’t
believe I fell for that old line.’

Roses shoulders drooped and she pointed at John, dejected, but resolute.
‘You’re going to regret this. Get a good lawyer. And you Elaine, enjoy little
things, do you,’ A reference to a part of John’s anatomy, ‘that shit doesn’t
know what loyalty is. You’re welcome to him.’

She scrambled out of the alcove with as much decorum as she could muster and
pushed

her way out to the car park with her tears of grief at the indignity of it all
flowing freely.

Elaine looked steadfastly at Robin, reached out and ran a green lacquered
fingernail down his cheek and said facetiously, ‘You never could keep a
secret, could you, never mind a woman. Sell the house, you can keep the dog.
Oh, and Merry Christmas!’

She turned and walked towards the stairs, John shrugged and followed.

Robin waited until the coast was clear, straightened his tie, smoothed his
hair and sauntered through to the bar. He walked over to a dark skinned,
sensuous woman with long black hair who was sat provocatively on a stool and
put his arm around her waist and kissed her on the back of the neck.

‘Hello, Marion.’

‘You’re late, Robin.’

‘I had some strings to cut. Oh, by the way, do you like animals?’

She put a hand around the back of his neck, kissed him hard, and purred, ‘I
especially like animals.’ She scooped a room key from the bar and slid with
feline grace off the stool. ‘Come on, I’m feeling hot.’

Robin smiled as he picked up her coat, winked at Bill Tuck and said, ‘Happy
New Year!’

