### Dogs and Wenches by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-01-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A rookie solicitor finds his first job has gone to the dogs and a bevy of wenches close to his employer address him imorally and his mum accuses him of lying. 

* * *

** **

Ash (Ashley) Cobb’s mother had wanted her ‘blond and handsome’ son to become a
banker. But Ash had rejected that saying where was the excitement as these
days bad guys rarely burst in and demanded the tellers to hand over bags of
money or die.

His father had suggested he become an accountant but Ash had no wish to
degenerate like his father by becoming bald, fat, lazy and, according to what
his mother alleged, no longer interested in sex.

Instead he decided to study law, recalling those old tapes at Grandma’s in
black and white that showed this guy in a wheelchair called Perry Something
acting like a Jack the Giant Slayer in the Court Room by reducing his legal
opponents and their statements of fact and allegations into a pile of crap and
turning their seemingly creditable eye-witnesses into hopelessly furtive lying
or evasive toads.

* * *

When fully qualified, Ash’s first job was with the law firm of Smith, Tompkins
and Wright and he only discovered later that there had not been a Smith or
Tompkins in the firm for the past twenty-seven years. William Wright who was
more widely known as Willy Wright had lied when he said the firm covered all
aspects of law.

Willy told the irate Ash that although only representing greyhound racing
owners he effectively covered a range of categories of law such as assault,
bribery, illegal betting, doping, stealing, drunkenness forgery, race-fixing,
urinating in public places, breaking and entering, offensive language, bigamy
and, as Willy sighed, the list goes on and on.

He added that twenty years ago he’d represented a greyhound racing owner over
the kidnapping a bookie’s wife and who demanded a ransom of $500 for her
return. A complaint had not been made to the police and Willy negotiated with
the bookie to keep the matter out of court and the Willy’s client settled for
a payment of 300 bucks to keep her and Vera had been living in an bigamous
relationship with that dog owner ever since. Her bookmaker husband, who’d
refused to divorce her because he couldn’t be bothered, attended the wedding.
He was arrested later that night for being drunk and disorderly. Willy
represented him in court and got him off with a warning and good behaviour
bond.

“Well you have me over a barrel Willy. You certainly do involve yourself in a
wide range of law. Oh in the original interview at the Fox and Feathers Pub I
forget to ask you how many people are in your employment.”

“Well I like to run a lean and efficient establishment,” Willy said. “Staffing
consists of me, you and Charlotte the tea-lady who doubles as cleaner and
doubles again as company secretary oh and doubles again in her principle role
of receptionist. She complains about being over-worked but you’ll know women
are never happy unless they are complaining and I should know because
Charlotte is my wife.”

“The thing is Ash, and I didn’t tell you at the interview, that I’ll only need
your for six months. I’m coming up next week on a disciplinary charge before
our professional body on a minor infringement and you know what lawyers are
like: they regard uplifting more than nine paperclips from one’s employer is a
serious crime.”

“Oh I represented a greyhound racing course steward on a charge of
administering a stimulant of a banned substance to two dogs without informing
him I’d be representing the racing club at the hearing and the prick
complained to the Law Society despite me cautioning the club it was going
against natural justice by fining him the maximum of $3000 when the doping
only would have remained effective for a training run under full racing
conditions that night and for a lousing purse of $30. They obediently reduced
the fine to $300.”

“Christ Willy, you are in deep shit,” Ash said. “Natural justice in this
country doesn’t allow double-dipping like that because of the likelihood of
conflict of interest. If there is a complaint to the police you could face
going to jail with a red-faced Judge thundering he regretted capital
punishment was no longer available for him to administer on behalf of
justice,”

“Omigod I better scatter some money about when I find who’ll be on the panel
hearing my case.”

“Willy is you out of your mind? Do that and if you are found out you could be
locked away and the key melted and used to fill the keyhole of your cell.”

“My knees are now knocking Ash; will you sit beside me at the hearing as my
nominated advocate?”

“Certainly Willy and if you don’t mind me saying this you should have a
psychologist attending to you as well.”

“Very droll Ash but point taken and I’ve have to sharped my thinking and curb
my arrogance. In the meantime tomorrow we’ll go down to the track and I teach
you the ropes about finding fee-paying possibilities amongst that huge number
of hard cases in the greyhound racing fraternity.”

* * *

Willy struck the Law Society’s No. 2 Judicial Committee after members had
enjoyed a long lunch and with the help of wise counselling from Ash, Willy
struck a sympathetic cord with the panel by admitting he was in serious breach
of the society’s rules on legal representation and had acted that day with
blinkers on when accepting a double request over representation that was of
course against the tenant of natural justice (Ash’s words he remembered from a
law school text book).

Again on Ash’s advice: “I stand before you not only as a careless breaker of
the rule as cited but I stand before you as a contrite fool.”

The convenor consulted his colleagues in whispers and said, “We fine you £2000
plus costs at the lower end of the scale of £120 Willy, I mean William Wright
and compliment you on your eloquence at declaring yourself as a contrite fool
which lead to the standard fine of £4000 being halved. Pay at the office on
the way out.”

Out on the street Willy said, “You saved me a few bob today Ash and thanks.
Come and I’ll buy you a drink.”

At the Pig and Feather, Willy’s wife Charlotte kissed Ash for helping her
husband to fight the legal bureaucrats out to make money for their future wet
lunches.

“Willy told me you saved the day for him,” Charlotte said, kissing Ash.
“Whenever you want a bit on the side you only have to ask,” winked the 50-year
old.

“Who’s manning our busy office?”

“Oh never fear Ash. There’s a note on our locked door for callers that we are
over at the Pig and Feather and phone calls are redirected her to my mobile
phone.”

An hour later a sporty looking young woman with cute tits pressed them into
Ash and said, “Thank you, thank you.”

“What for? I don’t give wenches a drink unless I know them.”

“You convinced my dad to admit the offence. Usually the stupid bugger fights
and gets ground down. Look any time you want a bit on the side just give me a
call. My name is Becky and mum has my phone number.”

A slightly older woman who was with Becky swamped his chest with her big tits
and kissed him.

“And what is you reason for kissing me?”

“I’m Willy’s mistress and Becky’s youngest aunt. Charlotte told me you saved
the day for Willy.”

“You’re Willy’s mistress and yet you talk intimately with his wife?”

“Well what’s wrong with that? I’m Annette, Charlotte’s kid sister.”

“Oh yeah, of course and I just give you a call if I want a bit on the side.”

“Oooh aren’t you the one; you got to that before I did.”

She drifted away and a shifty-eyed guy came up to Ash and introduced himself
as Bill Major, chief steward at the Greyhound Racing Club.

“Thanks for helping Willy to escape major punishment today. He and I have been
mates since we started primary school and he gave active sex education to my
two daughters at my request because they were rather tentative about getting
it off with guys. My wife is a bit of a nympho and when she gets a bit too
demanding for me I call Willy over and he irons her out.”

When Bill walk away Ash went to splash the urinal with processed beer and was
shaking off the drips when Becky walked in, eyed his piece and turned and
locked the door.

“I’m not wearing panties; you can have me over one of the washbasins right
now.”

Ash said desperately, “Sorry I don’t have a condom.”

“Lucky you because I do and if we need more there’s a dispenser of them over
on that wall by the door,”

Becky leaned back on the bench between two basins and displaying a neatly
clipped vulva. She handed her mount a condom.

Ash ripped the pack open and said curtly, “I can’t get it up until I’m looking
at your tits.”

“Why bother, look down and you’ll see my cunt.”

“I prefer tits.”

“Omigod a titman. I must tell Annette who gets off when she has her melons
chewed.”

“Oh in that case we are finished here,” Ash said hopefully.

“Listen wise guy, unless you put that pecker in me and thump it about like
Brer Rabbit you’ll be invalided out of here.”

Ash was too wise to test that threat and did his best to impersonate Brer
Rabbit.

Ash arrived home and his mother said, “A busy day at the office?”

He though he would pass on that but his father said, “Answer her boy; she’ll
not give up until you do; you know how she is with me about my work day.”

“Yeah mum, I was engaged as counsel at a disciplinary hearing, got drunk at
the Pig and Feather and had sex with the boss’s daughter in the men’s toilet
after she’d threatened to incapacitate me.”

“There is no need to lie to me Ashley. There’s no such pub with the stupid
name as the Pig and Feather, no one would engage a rookie solicitor as counsel
and I know Willy Wright’s daughter slightly and butter wouldn’t melt in her
mouth. So give me the truth.”

“I shuffled paper all day getting some order in the office as Willy doesn’t
believe in filing systems.”

“Now that sounds more like it. You’ll be tired. Go and wash up and I’ll give
you extra potato to boost your energy levels.”

As Ash mother went off to the kitchen his father said, “Have you met Brenda at
the Pig and Feather?”

“Yeah.”

“She’ll come to the men’s toilet and allow you to tit fuck her.”

Astonished, Ash asked his dad how he knew that.

His dad picked up the newspaper and hid behind it.

**The End **

