### Bachelor Degree in Sex by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-01-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A university raises a public storm by offering a degree course on excellence in sexual connection. A journalist is asked what does she know about sex and she replies like most women not much. Her magazine editor enrols the writer for the studies and asks for monthly articles about the teachings. 

* * *

The editor of _Probe Magazine_ (monthly circulation averaging 1.3 million
copies) Barbara East said to her 24-year old award-winning writer, “What do
you know about sex Gloria?”

Lean but busty blonde Gloria Graham answered truthfully, “Well like most women
I don’t know a lot about it.”

“Ah excellent. While you have a degree in journalism and another in economics
it sounds like you’d benefit from formal sex education to fill that gap, pun
unintended. The Editor-in-Chief and I would like you to return to university
for nine months and study this new degree that Nashford Uni is launching on
Sexual Connection Excellence. We’ll continue paying your salary and cover all
study fees and on-campus accommodation costs in return for you filing a
monthly article on your studies with the first article covering initial
impressions and your reservations, if any.”

“You have to be kidding. You could tell me all there is to know about sex in
what, and hour?”

“I would have thought so too but Professor Adam Connor smoothly revealed to me
what he called the abyss dividing my sexual knowledge with the complications
of sexual reality after probing my top-of-head awareness about sex in a lively
question-answer session.”

Hard-nosed Gloria, feeling a twitch in her nether region (aka groin) expressed
an interest: “Well that’s an academic approach. My first reaction was the
focus of the degree course would be multiple try-outs of sponsor’s condoms and
lubricants and hair removal systems.”

Barbara adjusted her bra to capture her underling’s focus and said, “I
understand that stuff is covered in practicalities and techniques section of
studies, but there’s another study segment covering sexual health and
management of secretions, the philosophy and loss of libido and why one wants
sex.”

“I have no idea why I want sex Barbara. I know you hit on me and that sparks
me and we do it and that’s plain and simple.”

“Yes darling but we know why we eat don’t we?”

“Well simply put we know that if we don’t eat and drink we die.”

“Oh bravo, that’s exactly what Professor Connor said and added if we don’t
have sex to satisfy a building desire we end up senselessly temporarily
stupefying our brains by excessively masturbating and that is akin to standing
in extreme heat without wearing a hat.”

“It’s what?”

“You’ll have to discuss that with the professor dear when he pulls out that
big dick of his to begin his assessment of you.”

“A big dick; then you had sex with Professor Connor?”

“Ah very astute dear and you’ll be aware there are perks in being an editor.”

* * *

Before leaving for Nashford in the north, Gloria fully prepared for her
assignment. She masturbated and then cleaned her teeth and brushed her hair to
sharpen her focus and began background research.

She recalled the huge public debate erupting when media reported a media
release that the Government’s Education Qualifications and Examinations
Regulating Office (EQER Office) had approved a new bachelor degree to be
introduced at the University of Nashford.

It was unlikely extensions for masters and doctoral studies would be
contemplated, according to the university.

Postings on public media sites on the internet, letters to the editor of
newspapers, conservative rant from church leaders and even a group calling
itself The Left Moral Right had a field day condemning the move with a few
bleats in favour. For example

  * EQER Office elevates sex education to high intellectual level: this is long overdue as too many females entering university are woefully short and also in stature too (University Student’s Association)
  * Degree Awash with Sex (Mothers Against Pornography)
  * Study Before You F**k (Anonymous Professor of Philosophy)
  * The End is Nigh (Former Southern branch of the Flat Earth Society).
  * Things are Indeed Heating Up (Global Warming Warning Inc.)
  * We support it providing all lecturers on this subject are abstinence priests (Catholic Ethics Laywomen Union)
  * Join our protest march on Parliament because this ridiculous development will cost us trade with the university producing better sexually educated wives (Prostitutes Collective)
  * If God had wanted us to study sex he would have done so by adding the 11th Commandment (Union of Open-minded Christian Churches)

The debate and calls for the Government to force the EQER Office to withdraw
its approval of a Bachelor Degree in Sexual Connection Excellence came to
nothing. People got tired of the public rant of opponents. The petitioners who
claimed they would get 8 million signatures within a month dumped the petition
after gaining only 34,881 signatures after six weeks of campaigning.

The final blow to opposition occurred when the Government announced it
declined to intervene over the decision of ‘an august body of fine upstanding
men and women of the education regulating office’. The Government backed its
EQER Office for making a sensible decision pragmatically and for anticipating
correctly the lucrative sex industry would sponsor sex learning activity at
the university.

* * *

Gloria received confirmation of enrolment and dressed as a typical student for
her assessment. She wore a bra that was too big for her, a blue jeans skirt
that was indecently short; her makeup was solely lipstick and askew eye-
shadow, hid her bra behind a scruffy shirt that had two buttons missing, wore
clunky footwear and of course, had the almost mandatory nose ring.

She took a Selfie photograph of herself using a telescopic arm as she stood
beside the office door name plate of Professor Adam Connor.

Gloria entered the office and the PA showed her into the professor’s office
without announcing her.

“Good morning Miss Graham.”

Devastated that she’d been recognised despite her disguise, Gloria said
weakly, “How did you know this is me?”

The sharp-looking academic who obviously managed his receding hair-line at the
temples nicely said drolly, “Well it’s 9:15 and my only 9:15 appointment is
you. Oh my wife asked me to say you are the best writer on _Probe Magazine_.”

While Gloria glowed with pleasures at that comment she gasped when Adam stood
and pulled out an 8.5-inch limp penis and asked, “What is this?”

“An over-used piece of meat?”

He sighed and said, “Thanks for your uninspired and typically offensive female
response. You have a lot to learn. Dismissed and be aware you start at bottom
of your class.”

Gloria slunk off, her fire practically extinguished by the worst put-down of
her life.

She shared a room with Pam and Angie and a guy called Flip, all just arrived,
who were standing looking at a wall display of sex toys, condoms, lubricants
and hair removal systems all with sponsors names attached.

It was a depressing introduction to their studies on sexual connection
excellence.

Pam asked, “How did you rate with the assessment?”

“I was judged bottom of the class.”

“Same as me,” Pam said.

“I was devastated,” Gloria said almost tearfully. “I consider myself
intellectually bright.”

“Oh that result has nothing to do with intelligence,” Angie said in a working
class accent. “You two made a disparaging comment to Prof Connor and by bottom
that means you are in the anal stream. I leaped at him and tried to suck it
and I was made leader of the fellatio stream.”

Gloria asked, “And you Flip?

“I attempted to kick the show-off in the balls and as a result have been
dumped in the deviant stream.”

“God I the last thing I feel like is sex,” Gloria groaned.

The other three glanced at each other and Angie said, “That profound comment
has elevated you to the status of room captain. Pam will unpack for you, I’ll
shower you and Flip will wash your panties.”

At that declaration Gloria felt her room had become rather homely.

Angie lathered Gloria in the shower until Gloria was practically screaming for
it. She emerged from the shower with pumped up nipples, Flip had her washed
panties and taped them to the glass doors to the balcony to dry and was
beating his cock into full erection. As if that was not enough action Pam had
stuffed everything from Gloria’s two bags into one drawer and lunged to begin
licking one of Gloria’s swollen breasts and the rock-hard nipple.

The four of them indulged in an amicable groupie until lunchtime.

That night after sex with Angie, who had identified herself as Gloria’s sex
slave and they decided to share a single bed, Gloria went off for a pee and
while on the john emailed her first article to _Probe Magazine_

The next week the first intake of 90 students studying the bachelor degree in
sex were assigned to field studies to observe students and all other
university inhabitants having sex and identifying with whom. By the end of the
week the university senior chaplain the Very Reverent Tom Brown emerged as the
university’s most prolific fornicator. He was recorded as having sex with his
wife five times, his wife’s married sister once, three female students and
thirty-two males who included students, lecturers, the administration’s
financial controller and the chairman of the Senate who turned out to be not
female after all.

Gloria, as did all other student researchers, had discovered Prof Connor that
week had reached the three-quarter mark of having sexual intercourse with his
department’s 90 students but prudently this went unreported to avoid the
possibility of having their personal field research marks downgraded by the
professor irritated for having his privacy breached.

Although no one at the university regularly read _Probe Magazine_ because it
didn’t publish anything about murder, mayhem, riots, sex scandals and civil
disobedience, copies began flooding into the university, sent by mothers,
sweethearts and former teachers. Those teachers had been against their school-
leavers attending the University of Nashford because it was rumoured to have a
bunch of misfits whose forbearers were pirates, prostitutes and door-to-door
laundry soap salesman as administrators and the heads of academic departments
reputedly had been fired from many of the nation’s other universities for
incompetency and/or thieving But of course with Nashford being the country’s
newest university such allegations were simply the dysfunctional drivel from
completing university luminaries who automatically opposed change and having
any new body dipping into national education funding.

The magazine published the selfie photograph of Gloria was on the front cover
under the heading, _Double Graduate Gloria Returns to University for Brush-up
on Sex_.

She had unwittingly blown her cover but it didn’t matter. Within hours she
became famous on campus because although the university opened seven years
ago, this was the first time anything about it academically had appeared in
national media.

The university’s chancellor added Gloria’s name to the student VIP list. They
were invited to university-sponsored functions where outside guests expected
to rub shoulders with some students and Percival Blake sent his PA for find
Gloria and hand over a box of chocolates.

Gloria was immediately invited to henceforth be seated at the first meal
intake insisting that her three roommates must accompany her and that
condition was agreed to. The second sitting of course had the left-overs from
the first sitting plus freshly cooked potatoes, rice and dumplings and bread
and butter pudding,

Gloria supplied subscription-only _Probe Magazine_ lurid monthly articles.

The magazine’s circulation that had averaged 1.3 million copies for almost
three years of stagnation jumped to almost 2.7 million in a wave of new
subscriptions when readers began talking about her second article _We Learn
How to Handle Coitus Interruptus When His Mother Barges In_.

Two weeks later the magazine launched a multi-media advertising campaign
announcing Gloria Graham’s third article from Nashford University would be
headed _Ladies These Are the Misconception Guys Have about Your Periods_.
Circulation sales of 1.93 million were made in two weeks just in time for the
mail-out of that issue of the magazine.

There were a few cancelled subscriptions thought to be from women who were
upset because they’d convinced their menfolk they couldn’t have sex during
that time of the month.

Gloria arrived at her hometown of Linton City at the end of the university’s
first term. She stepped off the train to be greeted by her parents and sister
and they were then whisked off to the Town Hall for a packed civic reception.
The event mark the great work Gloria had done for the Linton based _Probe
Magazine_ was it was televised live becoming only second time Linton had
featured on national TV. The other time was in 1958 following a triple axe
beheading of company executives. Although eye-witnesses identified the killer
as a disgruntled worker who had been fired earlier that day he’d escaped and
was never apprehended.

Next day Gloria was guest speaker at a female-only seminar organized by the
magazine where women would learn about some of the delicate things about
sexual relation that mother’s never tell their daughters. The venue with
seating for 700 had to be changed to the Linton West Football Stadium with
seating for 13,700 and was almost a sell-out.

*** * ***

At the presentation of the nation’s first Bachelor Degrees in Sexual
Connection Excellence the university’s chancellor (her secret lover) insisted
that Gloria would be first to have her degree conferred by the Nation’s Prime
Minister. At the end of her first academic year returned to her magazine as a
writer and completed her degree on-line.

Fifty-three accredited media representatives including three TV camera crews
attended the event capping and were surprised that the so-called perverts
looked no different to so-called law or engineering graduates

Wearing her gown and holding her stupid cap at the media conference at the end
of the capping ceremony, Gloria became an instant media darling that led to
her being engaged to narrate an 8-part TV documentary _The Low Down on Great
Sex_.

The first question was asked by _Philosophers’ Monthly_ editor Berenice
Savant.

“In the three years of your study what the most profound thing you learned?”

Gloria said, “Oh that’s easy to answer ma’am. I was staggered to learn it’s
impossible to have great sex with your eyes closed and your mind wandering.”

THE END

