### QUANTUM IDIOCY by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-01-31. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Residents of Hell learn of the Charlie Hebdo massacre and a suicide cult leader gives a speech at a "Death with Dignity" rally 

* * *

**Note: **These are written as if performed on a stage.

**JIG IT OFF**

The scene opens in a dark red cave in Hell, the scene is lit by torches. A
circle of Hell’s residents, including Osama Bin Laden, the 19 hijackers of
9/11, Josef Stalin, Pol Pot, his Excellency President for Life, Field Marshal
Alhaji Dr. Idi Amin Dada, VC (Victoria Cross), DSO (Distinguished Service
Order), MC (Military Cross), CBE (Conqueror of the British Empire), Hideki
Tojo, Chairman Mao, Jack the Ripper (shown as a polite Englishman in a bowler
derby), Heinrich Himmler, John Wayne Gacy, Ted Bundy, Richard “the Night
Stalker” Ramirez, Richard Speck, Mullah Dadullah, and Anwar al-Awlaki sit
together, and sway to a single dancing figure in the center of the circle they
form.

The dancing figure is none other than Adolf Hitler, looking younger and
healthier than when we last saw him. The crowd’s attention is rapt and they
sway back and forth. Hitler croons, “My ex-man brought his new
girlfriend/she’s like oh my Gawd/But I’m just gonna shake!”

From his right, a little demon bat type thing slowly flutters on stage. It is
red, has horns, is holding a pitchfork in one hand and a newspaper in the
other. It flies up to Hitler and jabs him with the pitchfork to get his
attention.

In the meantime Hitler continues on unabated until jabbed again, “And to the
fraulein over there with the hella good hair! Ow! Hey! What do you want you
devil?” Hitler looks at the flying beast in an annoyed manner, its flapping
wings muss his hair. The music, which was coming from nowhere in particular,
has stopped at this time.

The demon jabs him again with the pitchfork before handing him the newspaper
then flying off. Hitler looks at the newspaper curiously then holds it up and
open for the audience (both in Hell and off stage in real life) can see the
headline, which proclaims, “12 killed in massacre at the offices of Charlie
Hebdo magazine!” Hitler slowly lowers the newspaper. He looks around at his
Hell audience cautiously.

Then he starts laughing hysterically, slapping his knees and stomping his
feet. Soon Heinrich Himmler joins in the laughter too, followed by Josef
Stalin (who secretly loves to laugh) and then Jack the Ripper, and then Osama
Bin Laden, who contrary to popular opinion also liked to laugh though it was
against his beliefs. Soon the whole audience in Hell is laughing up a storm,
falling over each other, slapping each other’s backs. Only Hitler can manage
to say, “Those French! Those French!” Mr. Himmler points at him in agreement
and laughs some more. The residents of Hell begin laughing so hard, they shed
tears.

A separate part of the stage lights up and we see the devil herself, a normal
looking woman on her period, trying to sleep on a bed of spikes, but being
unable to due to the laughter. She looks in the direction of the laughing
group in a most vexed manner.

Back at center stage, Hitler re-enacts the little jig he did when he learned
France had capitulated during the Second World War. Hitler reenacts it as best
he can because he didn’t actually do the jig, it was just an illusion created
by Allied film editors. Mr. Himmler again points at Hitler in agreement and
laughs even harder.

Suddenly, Hitler stops laughing. He grabs his chest, sinks to his knees and
collapses to the floor. Josef Stalin points and laughs, so do the others
except Mr. Himmler, who is so shocked, he takes off his glasses, pulls two
chickens out of his Excellency President for Life, Field Marshal Alhaji Dr.
Idi Amin Dada, VC, DSO, MC, CBE’s hat and walks off stage with the chickens on
a leash like a dog. Content to be Hell’s chicken farmer from now on, which
was, after all, his original profession.

Osama Bin Laden laughs so hard he forgets to go for dialysis treatment in
Hell’s infirmary (which is shaped like a giant toilet bowl and is staffed by
people with sandpaper for hands) thus also, he too, soon keels over dead.

Soon too fat old Chairman Mao, John Wayne Gacy, Pol Pot, and his Excellency
President for Life, Field Marshal Alhaji Dr. Idi Amin Dada, VC, DSO, MC, CBE
all have heart attacks from laughing too hard and collapse dead (again) over
each other like a pile of logs.

Mullah Dadullah tries to walk away laughing, but since someone has taken his
prosthetic leg, he steps onto nothing, falls down a flight of stairs, and dies
as well. As a joke someone stole and then switched the glasses on Hideki Tojo
and Anwar al-Awlaki, so when they try to walk away laughing as well, they step
into an endless pit and an elevator shaft, respectively.

The serial killers Jack the Ripper, Ted Bundy, Richard Speck, and Richard “the
Night Stalker” Ramirez all accidentally kill themselves and each other with
knives. When they pat each other on the back, they accidentally stab each
other, when they pound their chest in joyful glee from laughter, they stab
themselves, when they try to wipe the tears from their eyes, they stab
themselves as well. “Hey whats the big idea!” Richard Speck whines after being
stabbed by his own hand. Then he realizes, his hand had turned into a knife
and so has everyone else’s hands in their subgroup. He shrugs, keeps laughing,
then dies.

The 19 hijackers of 9/11 laugh quite hard, so hard in fact that they
accidentally inhale WTC dust which starts raining on them from a small black
cloud which has formed above their group only. They point at the cloud, at
each other, and the dust, but keep laughing anyway, before flopping down in a
heap like a pallet of giant toilet paper rolls on the back of a truck.

At last, Josef Stalin remains among the sea of bodies, still heartily
laughing, waving his trademark pipe in the air. He keeps laughing as he
struggles to pull himself out of the pile. “At least Himmler got out! Ha, ha!
Those French! Those French!” he bellows still giggling. A flying demon dressed
like a waiter flies up to him and offers him a glass of some liquid. Stalin
should be wary, but since the demon is red and red is his favorite color he
accepts and drinks the drink with a polite nod.

“Ah! Milk! Milk!” he gasps, then jiggles some more, then dies of a combination
of drinking milk and laughing.

At another part of the stage Heinrich Himmler is seen having his eyes pecked
out by his own chickens, like Salacious Crum tore C-3PO’s eyes out in _Star
Wars: Return of the Jedi_. “Ah if only I had my glasses! But ha ha ha! Those
French! Those French!” The chickens continue casually pecking as the spotlight
fades on him.

The spotlight shines on Satan herself again, who now relaxed (as relaxed as
one can be on a bed of spikes) lays down for sleep, but one of Himmler’s rogue
chickens is squawking away (going balk balk balk), keeping her up yet again.
Her vagina cries some more blood in frustration.

**References: **Taylor Swift, _Star Wars: Return of the Jedi_, the Charlie Hebdo massacre, _Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness, South_ Park, The _Santa Claus _episode of _Mystery Science Theater 3000_

**Trivia**

\--Idi Amin’s self-proclaimed title is used in this piece

\--Hitler’s jig after the capitulation of France was an editing trick

\--Heinrich Himmler was a chicken farmer originally

\--Josef Stalin did secretly love to laugh

\--Bin Laden was on dialysis

\--Josef Stalin was not lactose intolerant

**DIE WITH SOME DIGNITY DAMN IT!**

**Historical note: **On November 18, 1978, Reverend Jim Jones, leader of the popular church “The People’s Temple,” an off-shoot of Christianity, ordered his followers to commit mass suicide in the fields surrounding the main pavilion of their colony of “Jonestown” in Guyana, South America. Prior to this order, a group of Jones’s followers murdered a visiting US congressman and four others at a nearby airstrip. Over 900 followers of Rev. Jones committed suicide via a potassium cyanide mixture that day; Rev. Jones later shot himself in the head. 

The scene opens on a crowd of pro-euthanasia protestors standing in front of a
stage. They hold signs that say such things as, “I wanna die!” “Die when you
die when you die you’re gonna die!” “I’m in PAIN!” "Better dead than in a bed"
and “Kill me! Kill me! Kill me!” (which is written dozens of times over in
tiny font). The protestors all look like normal and healthy people, a sole
person is in an electric wheelchair. They mill about and mutter in offended
tones, the man in a wheelchair does a donut.

A young healthy woman with a red head band on that’s says “Just leave me to
die” steps up to the microphone on top of the podium on the stage and speaks
in a high-pitched voice. “Today we have a very special guest! Previously, he
marched in an anti-suicide protest on the Golden GateBridge in 1977, but now
he’s turned over a new leaf. It is my pleasure to introduce Reverend Jim Jones
of the People’s Temple!” She backs away from the microphone clapping. The
crowd goes wild, pumping their morbid signs up and down in excitement.

Reverend Jones steps up to the microphone, standing tall, wearing aviator
sunglasses and a tight lipped smile.

“Thank you all for coming. Well, someday we're gonna die, someday hope runs
out. Because everybody dies...eventually.” He orates confidently.

He points to a man in the crowd.

“I’m for death with dignity because let me tell you will regret this very day
if you don't die. You'll regret it if you don't ... if you don't die. You'll
regret it.”

“We should lay down our lives to protest in what's being done in this country.
The criminality of people, the cruelty of people. Denying a peaceful end to
those who are sick, to those who are tired, to those who don’t want to pay the
phone bill that’s due on Tuesday.” He narrates, waving his hand in a “come on,
come on” fashion.

He turns to the young healthy woman who introduced him, becoming agitated.

“Get us some medication. It's simple, it's simple, there's no convulsions with
it, it's just simple, just please get it before it's too late!” He points at
her, at the audience, at the sky. “Please, please. Can we hasten, can we
hasten with that medication?”

He turns back to the audience, “Living, you, you're looking at death. It only
looks ... living is much, much more difficult. Raising up every morning, and
not knowing what's going to be the night's bringing. It's much more difficult.
It's much more difficult.” He tries to reassure the audience, who are starting
to look grim and confused.

“It's not to be feared. It is not to be feared. It's a friend, it's a friend!”
Rev. Jones continues. Even the guy in the wheelchair is starting to get “it.”

He starts pounding the podium with a fist, getting into the fire and brimstone
of his speech, “die with respect, die with a degree of dignity. Lay down your
life with dignity. Don't lay down with tears and agony. It's nothing to death,
just like Max said. It's just stepping over into another plane. Don't, don't
be this way. Stop this hysterics... This is not the way for people who are
socialistic Communists to die ... no way for us to die. We must die with some
dignity ...” The signs of some of the protestors sink lower and lower as Rev.
Jones rambles, they are starting to realize, hey maybe death isn’t all its
cracked up to be, maybe its not a better alternative, even if you are really
sick!

Rev. Jones answers a rhetorical question from no one in particular, the
crowd’s enthusiasm is draining rapidly. “It's never been done before you say?
It's been done by every tribe in history, every tribe facing annihilation. All
the Indians in the Amazon are doing it now. They refuse to bring any babies
into the world. They kill every child that comes into the world, because they
don't want to live in this kind of a world. So be patient, be patient ...
death is ... I tell you I don't care how many screams you hear, I don't care
how many anguished cries ... death is a million times preferable to ten more
days of this life. If you knew what was ahead of you, if you knew what was
ahead of you, you'd be glad to be stepping over tonight. Death, death, death
is common to people ... and the Eskimos, they take death in their stride.
Let's, let's be dignified. If you'll quit telling them they're dying, if you
adults will stop some of this nonsense ... Adults, adults, adults, I call on
you to stop this nonsense. I call on you to quit exciting your children when
all they're doing is going to a quiet rest. I call on you to stop this now. If
you have any respect at all... Are we black, proud and Socialist, or what are
we? Now stop this nonsense, don't carry this on any more, you're exciting your
children.” The audience looks around at each other, nobody is black, proud or
Socialist, and no children are getting hysterical. In fact the only children
in the audience are sucked into their phones, playing _Flappy Birds_.

Rev. Jones gets mad that his audience isn’t more enthusiastic about dying with
a degree of dignity. “O.K., stop this, stop this, stop this, children, stop
this crying, all of you!” No one is crying, no one is saying anything, it is
dead silent, the audience is thinking hard about their beliefs, the man in the
wheelchair is gently toying with the joystick moving himself back and forth.

Rev. Jones gets even more offended, “All you’d be doing is taking a drink,
that takes, to go to sleep ... That's what death is, sleep!” The protestor’s
signs drop to the ground, some start turning around and leaving.

Rev. Jones begs for mercy from the audience, “Can someone here assure these
children of the relaxation of stepping over to the next plane? That'd set an
example for others. If everyone here thought like this, we’d have 20 people
who said to the masses, "We don't like the way the world is ....”

Everyone turns around and leaves slowly. Protest signs discarded like helmets
after a war, the woman on stage with the Reverend also leaves, taking the
microphone with her. One person says to another, “Hmm, I don’t know you know,
uh there are worse things in life than death, if you’ve spent an evening with
an insurance salesman, I’m sure you know what I mean.” Everyone manages to get
away except the man in the wheelchair, who though thoroughly disgusted, cannot
escape. His wheelchair’s battery has died, therefore he is stuck.

Rev. Jones is undeterred by all this, he gesticulates and flails his arms in a
sweeping gesture before raising them to the heavens, “Take our life from us,
we laid it down, we got tired. We didn't commit suicide. We committed an act
of revolutionary suicide protesting the conditions of an inhumane world.. ...”

“I don’t wanna die!” the man in the wheelchair whines like an enemy soldier
dying in_ Perfect Dark_. This somehow finally snaps Rev. Jones out of his
religious fervor.

“What? Why not? You’re sick, you won’t get any better, death is just like
getting on a plane to go on vacation!” Rev. Jones angrily spits at the man.

“Oh yeah wise-guy? Then why don’t you do it? You seem pretty sick!” the man in
the wheelchair retorts.

Rev. Jones is flabbergasted. He crosses his arms like a grade school bully.
“Why I oughta! Well, you’re not a very good black, proud, Socialistic
communist then are you? Look to God for answers don’t follow the crowd!”

At that moment, a bug that had crawled into the electric wheelchair’s engine
accidentally crushes itself against the gears, its remaining lifeblood seeps
into the engine, giving the wheelchair the final “umph” to start up and cruise
away. The man in the wheelchair responds by going,
“pffffffffffttttttttttttttt” with extra emphasis on the P. Then he putt-putts
away, content to live as a cripple.

Rev. Jones, offended, frustrated, angry beyond words, shaking his fists,
gritting his teeth, his breathe labored, watches him leave. Then he takes of
his aviator sunglasses and looks up to the sky, looks to God for an answer. At
that moment, a piss-filled water balloon crashes into his head, completely
soaked him in it’s Mountain Dew-colored contents. He takes it as a sign.
Unbeknownst to him the 37th annual "Grand Old Piss-Filled Water Balloon Fight”
was taking place on the roof of a nearby hotel.

**References: **Right-to-Die movements, Jonestown Massacre, _Perfect Dark_, lyrics by the bands Chaos Division, Korn, GG Allin and the Murder Junkies, and Dethklok.

**Trivia:**

\--Most of what Rev. Jones says in this piece is actual dialogue the real Rev.
Jones spoke to his followers before and during their mass suicide.

\--Rev. Jones did march in an anti-suicide protest on the Golden Gate Bridge

