### AND NOBODY DIED.... by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A series of humorous stories including me lying about schoolwork convincingly enough to get As, my friends and I playing with toy guns in public, and �epic-failing� at homemade movie-making. 

* * *

One time I read an internet article about why shooting yourself in the head is
bad. It was intended to be serious. They said the side effects of shooting
yourself in the head can be:

\--Death

\--Permanent brain damage

\--Loss of motor functions

\--Loss of one or more senses

\--Total paralysis or some degree of paralysis

In the comments someone wrote that they had shot themselves in the head and it
hurt very much and they recommended others not do it.

==================

After I heard my uncle had died I didn’t say anything for hours afterward. I
just listened to everyone else’s reactions since I barely knew the man or had
contact with him. After listening to my mother, grandfather, and my uncle’s
ex-girlfriend ramble about it all for a few hours I went downstairs to watch
my brother play video games.

The song “Dick in a Box” by Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake was stuck in my
head, when I got to the chorus as I was in the basement, I said aloud, “Take a
look inside, it’s my dick in a box!” This was thus the first thing I said
after I heard my uncle died.

===================

I was lazy in middle school, I wrote a report on the book, _Flight of the
Intruder_, only I didn’t read the book and I based it off the movie. I got an
A.

In middle school I wrote a report on the book _The Frogmen_. I read parts,
skipped most of it, read the ending, wrote a report and got an A.

Then in high school I wrote a report on a book about the hunt for Osama Bin
Laden, again after only reading parts, and making some stuff up, I got an A.

In college I wrote a report on a book about Stonewall Jackson, only again, I
had only read parts and formed my own conclusions, this I got an A on too.

In college in a public speaking class I made up examples in my speeches about
media violence and the battle of Iwo Jima. I received high marks and my
classmate’s wrote in their reviews that I used good examples.

I worked at a craft store in college and only got a 15-minute break. I took a
45-minute break once and came back pushing a shopping cart making like I was
outside collecting them. I was believed and not questioned.

I was in line to get into an amusement park once and stepped in front of the
person in front of me and said I was a Spanish-American war veteran (which
would have made me at least 125 years old), they just politely nodded.

In another speech in college I made up that I was on the tennis team in high
school and could serve the ball 100 miles an hour (a professional level in
other words). A classmate commented that my presentation had “awesome props.”

===========

I wrote a paper in college designing a security system for a high school of
600 students. My teacher commented, “Your school sounds like a jail, A+.”

======================

In a speech about the Waco Siege (a deadly 1993 confrontation between US
federal agents and a religious sect) for a public speaking class, I tried to
make the speech pro-federal agents. By the end of the speech, in the question
and answer segment, it was clear most of my class was now anti-federal agent
and pro-religious sect. “Why did this have to happen they asked?” “Did any
children die?” “So it wasn’t a drug house?”

===================

In June 2000 my friends and I filmed a movie with plastic soldiers in the
backyard of my house. It was a bright, sunny, windy day. We went swimming and
walked around barefoot. At one point in the film you can hear my friend’s mom
yell in the distance, “Chad, get your sweater, we have to go home!” A sweater
in June? She was always shrieking about something.

===================

In another homemade movie we made on a day off from school, my friend stops
making sound effects during one scene to whisper, “The end sign…..where’s the
end sign?” I quickly drew one up, then his brother and I fought hand-to-hand
for the extremely high honor of holding up the end sign to the camera. We are
heard fighting off camera. He belts me good, I say ouch in my weak pre-
pubescent voice. He held up the end sign.

===================

The day my cousin who is 6 years younger than me discovered the song, “Baby
got Back” he asked me at least 4 or 5 times that day, “Do you like big butts
and you cannot lie?”

=========================

My friends and I, in our final home movie making adventure made our greatest
film yet, it was called _Train Heist 2_, about a comic book hero favorite of
ours stopping the hijacking of a train. In all its glory it lasted less than
12 hours before my mom accidentally taped over it with a video of Santa Claus
coming down the street atop a fire truck. This happens every year in my town,
literally every year and I’ve lived here almost 27 years.

=================================

Keep in mind this was in 1996, but one time my friends and I carried are toy
rifles down the street, to the beach. They didn’t have orange tips. We went in
the ocean with them and pretended we were in the Normandy Invasion. We stormed
the beach several times then walked back home. No one died, no one flipped
out, no one called the cops, no one cried or shat themselves (to our
knowledge) and the world did not end. But we know better now right?

==================

My friend was so jealous of my toy rifle because it was made of wood and
looked realistic. He kept telling me how soldiers in WWII would switch weapons
with their squad-mates sometimes. Of course, they didn’t for obvious, but he
needed a reason to get his hands on mine. Being a good friend, I made the
trade. For revenge, while we were in the ocean, I dropped his plastic rifle
and it sunk to the ocean floor. Then I lost track of it. My wooden rifle
floated. Just as I started to think I really fucked up letting my friend’s
rifle sink, his dad caught it underwater with his foot.

=========================

