### Tricky Dicky by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-02-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A disgusting and quirky tale of a lad desiring to have his nuts saturated in something more erotic than liquid soap used to lubricate his shaft for unrelenting and boring hand-throttling. 

* * *

Dick (Richard) Hoare was an unhappy young man, finding it difficult to start
having sex but eventually he’d be offered as much as he could handle –
actually the offer would be ‘endless sex’.

Wow.

Things had gone wrong for Richard since his birth, being unlucky to be born a
Hoare.

Then at school Richard became Dick and because of his wit and elusiveness he
became quite widely known in the community as Tricky Dicky. That nickname goes
back to when aged eight he stole a bike at school and ten minutes later
swapped it by stealing another and then to cover his tracks changed bikes
again. He arrived home and dumped that third bike behind the front hedge of
rented home of Constable Black bringing the possibility of implicating the
constable’s shy daughter Cynthia to that trail of thefts.

Unfortunately for Dick a neighbour Mrs Wells, who suspected Dick of throwing a
stone that blinded her Fox Terrier in the left eye, saw him plant the bike and
came forward and triumphantly denounced him to Constable Black.

Constable Kevin Black unwound the trail of bike thefts and was livid that none
of the victims would lay a complaint and his wife threatened to send him to
sleep in the wood shed if Kevin sought to have the dear little Hoare boy
punished for his creative fling into minor crime.

Dick was playing marbles on the street when Constable Black in uniform kicked
him in the arse and snarled, “Take that Tricky Dicky you little punk.”

Dick ran home crying and his best mate Freddie called, “See you tomorrow
Tricky Dicky” and the name stuck.

Tricky Dicky advanced to stealing larger bicycles as he grew bigger and then
stole cars as a teen but never was apprehended as the owners were only too
happy to be relieved of their heap of junk. Tricky Dicky’s other mates were
caught when stealing cars because they stupidly chose to joy ride in vehicles
that were the pride and joy of their owners who demanded police action with an
arrest in twenty-four hours or preferably sooner and invariably suggested
flogging with barbed wire as appropriate punishment,

Richard lost most of his mates when he was sixteen because he invited only
Freddie and six girls to his birthday party. Tricky Dicky’s intention was to
have a sex party but unfortunately for the Dick and Freddie their drooling
came to nothing because none of the females showed up.

Dick’s advance in life was littered by other wrong decisions, such as failing
his first driving licence test by calling the examiner a grumpy old arsehole
and the headmaster did not delete from Dick’s last school report a senior
teacher’s comment that Richard Hoare was the most disruptive twit the high
school had ever had in its 118 years’ history. Headmaster Bull questioned how
Miss Oldham knew that claim for a fact and was satisfied with her answer “Does
it matter?”

Another major mistake that lost Dick another batch of mates was to choose to
play rugby instead of soccer.

* * *

Mothers arranged a fully supervised social evening of dancing and a luscious
supper at the end of school leavers’ last day at school.

Dick asked the most popular girl in his class if he could take her to the
function and she punched him in the eye for humiliating her in front of her
friends and Doug Ross punched Dick in the gut for horning in on his
girlfriend.

The only girl left without a partner was Constable Black’s daughter Cynthia.

The constable was outraged when Cynthia announced breathlessly that Tricky
Dicky had asked her to go with him to the dance. The constable threatened to
‘do that demented hick in’ but mother and daughter lured him into the woodshed
and locked him in there for the night. Because of the thick door neighbours
couldn’t hear his string of disgusting obscenities and calls for release.

The highlight of the evening for Cynthia and Dick wasn’t winning the prize for
the worse couple on the dancefloor although they each were pleased with their
box of handkerchiefs for winning that honour. No, their climax of the evening
came after leaving the function then the couple became relieved they’d ended
their days as virgins.

Dick was humiliated when he arrived home and gave his mother the box of
handkerchiefs.

She kissed him in delight as it was the first present Dick had ever given her
but she looked down and frowned.

“What’s that on the front of your new black trousers?”

Dick panicked but said creatively, “It’s ice-cream.”

Mrs Hoare burst into tears and called, “Trevor your son’s been having sex.”

Trevor growled, “So what or are you now calling sex a crime?”

Mrs Hoare fell to the floor weeping.

Dick went off to bed and walked with his shoulders s squared and his tummy
pulled in in pride that his mother knew he was now a man.

* * *

Dick had a horrible time at university, grinding away for four years to
complete the three-year degree in computer science because he was a slow
learner and had devoted far too much to sex when finally a supply came on tap.

He’d entered university in the belief that it was seething in sex. Indeed it
was but for some reason he was on the outer and was shunned by females
including even the ugly Young sisters who were lecturers and would have sex
with practically anyone who hit on them.

If it hadn’t been for Cynthia who was studying for a degree in divinity Dick
would have been restricted to masturbation; those two went at it as if there
was no tomorrow.

But as they say all good things come to an end, although in this instance for
Dick they got much better.

One day Cynthia asked Dick, “Will you stay with me for a few days during the
term break?”

Dick knew that Cynthia lived with her mum in a different part of the city
since her dad Constable Black had been jailed for years for accepting bribes
from unlicensed brothel-keepers and accepting unlimited free anal sex.

Suspicious about this request Dick said, “Why do you want me stay with you and
your mother?”

“It’s mum’s idea. She always thought you were cute but so disadvantaged
because your parents took little interest in you beyond clipping you over the
ears when getting into trouble which I must say was pretty often.”

“Okay I’ll accept but how can we fuck while she’s in the flat?”

“I think mum intends to join us. She’s not getting any sex these days and she
wants to wean me off you because I won’t get a position in a church upon
graduation and final studies it’s found I’ve regularly had sex outside of
marriage.”

“Are you sure about that; it sounds so Victorian?”

“There are standards within society that are beyond the realm of your
knowledge,” Cynthia said loftily, pissing off her lover.

* * *

Stella Black greeted them at the door.

“God mum, you’ve had your hair styled and you’ve slimmed down and are wearing
a new bra. Have you secured a lover at last?”

“Not yet dear,” her mum said, giving Dick a sultry smile. “Darling you have
your room and Dick you are with me.”

“No I can’t accept that,” Cynthia flared.

“I though that’s how you’d react you uptight and priggish little bitch,” said
her mum. “Here’s the taxi arriving now. You are staying with your Aunt Cathy;
you’ll be able to say your prayers together at bedtime.”

“Dick say something; you can’t allow this to happen. Please say something.”

“Goodbye Cynthia. You have practically no tits whereas you mother has in
excess of two good handfuls.”

As soon as the front door closed, Stella grabbed Dick between his legs and
said wantonly, “I crave for your dick Dick.”

“It’s yours for the taking Stella,” he leered, chuffed that for the first time
in his life a much older female and with great tits and who was interested in
him sexually.

“Well first come to the bathroom and allow me to wash your dick Dick. I gave
up sucking dick years ago because my husband’s shaft was too sweaty and much
too salty and had growths on it that defied anti-biotics.”

“Okay Stella but flop out your tits so I have something to play with while you
wash me.”

“Oh my little boy,” she cooed, digging her hand behind Dick’s belt buckle and
dragging him to the bathroom.

As soon as Dick’s dick was washed Stella fell on to the bathroom floor,
pulling him on top of her and she feverishly stuffed in his dripping erection
into a condom and guided him in until his groin banged against hers.

“Go to it tiger and I’ll capture your rhythm.”

When she was ready for him to ejaculate she adhered to the hallowed tradition
of all good women and rammed a dry finger up his butt.

He bellowed.

She pulled out his dick, ripped off the condom and hosed her boobs as she
gushed vocally and eloquently in absolute bliss.

“Oh you’re such a good boy,” Stella gurgled. “I’m keeping you we’ll collect
all your stuff from your family home tomorrow. You’ll live with me until you
graduate and after you settle into your first job you can look for a wife as
by then I could be ready to cut back from having endless sex.”

“Endless sex?” Dick asked enthusiastically. “How many times a day is that?”

“Who’s counting?” Stella laughed as she slid down to indulge in fellatio.

**The End **

