### THE WAR TO END ALL BORES by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** I outline a strategy for beating ISIS, a Homer Simpson doppelganger interrupts a Bin Laden death celebration, and a little girl questions a horribly disfigured WWI veteran 

* * *

**MY STRATEGY FOR BEATING DAESH**

Well, by now we’ve all probably heard of ISIS (otherwise known as Daesh which
they don’t like being called) and all of their evil deeds, murder, torture,
slavery, sexual assault, not watching the Super Bowl, and so on and so forth.
Since nothing seems to be working so far and they’re getting many Western
recruits, why not try a new strategy? Here is what I’ve come up with, in four
easy steps, you, yes you, can make Daesh a thing of the past that we’ll all
laugh about some day!

**Step 1: GOOF TROOP**

\--Compose an entire combat division consisting entirely of women, Muslims,
homosexual people, transgender people, cross dressers, midgets, mullahs/imams,
and lepers and have them and only them fight Daesh from the land, air, and sea
on the front line, doing the vast majority of the fighting. Regulate everyone
else to a support role, but those who fire the cannons, lead the bayonet
charges, drive the tanks, fly the planes, sail the ships, and so on down the
soldier who drives the General’s golf cart will be of the aforementioned
groups. Daesh hates all these groups and would be humiliated to even have to
look at them much less fight them or get their asses kicked by them.

**Step 2: BACONATOR**

\--In short coat every bullet, artillery shell, bomb, and bayonet going into
action against Daesh with pig’s blood. Put dozens of videos online showing
artillery shells being dabbed with pig’s blood via a soldier with a paint
brush, bombs on a runway flight-line being rubbed with pig’s blood by aviation
mechanics, soldiers dipping the tips of their bullets in pig’s blood before
inserting them into magazines, tankers caressing their high powered shells
with pig’s blood right before loading them into the breech of their tank's
cannon, bomb techs painting landmines with pig’s blood before burying them,
sailors on battleships and cruisers drawing pictures in pig's blood on mammoth
naval artillery shells before sending them down the pipe, submariners
lathering their torpedoes and tomahawk missiles with pig’s blood, and so on
into infinity, down to the lowliest private wiping pig’s blood off a napkin on
his/her/his and her bayonet. Thus ensuring all members of Daesh killed or
wounded will ingest pig’s blood (a sin by their accounting) and have angered
(perhaps terminally) their God. Remember, they don’t fear death or injury, but
they do fear sin!

\--Also, all soldiers in this unit will eat bacon for breakfast, lunch, and
dinner, in a variety of styles of course, but having bacon in there
nonetheless. Henceforth whenever they burp, fart, or crap in enemy territory
the area will become repellent to Daesh members. Even if they want to retake
the town, city, or field, would they, knowing the potential for disgusting sin
may literally be in the wind?

**Step 3: NO SOUP FOR YOU!**

\--Shut down their Twitter and all their online accounts because according the
CEO of Twitter, people need Twitter to live. Without Shitter or Stupid Book or
Insta-Sham or Lint-erest or Crap Chat or Candy Brush or Poo Tube they wouldn’t
last a week, think about it, would anyone last a week without those?
……………….Nope! Didn’t think so!

**Step 4: GAME OVER MAN!**

\--Drop thousands of radios and TVs over Daesh territory, but here is the
catch, they only play recordings of prominent Muslim imams and mullahs
explaining why, in detail, every single member of Daesh will go to hell in a
hand-basket to burn for all time, unless they surrender and repent now! And if
they surrender and repent in the next ten minutes, they get a free, “I was
once a member of Daesh and all I got was this lousy t-shirt” shirt (one size
fits all). Also imams and mullahs will walk the battlefields after a fight and
inform wounded and dying Daesh members that they are going to hell, not heaven
and that they’ve done the exact opposite of what Allah and Muhammad wanted.
Oops!

In closing, imagine you’re a member of Daesh, laying there dying on the desert
floor, you weakly look to your left only to be shocked to see a speck of pig’s
blood on a shell casing from the bullet that was just fired into you. You
start to whimper, you look up to see a figure that is not a man or a woman
standing over you in full battle rattle, they are in fact a Trans person, a
fact that boggles your mind so much your head hurts. They burp and the smell
of bacon fills your nostrils. You shed tears. With your last ounce of life you
pull out your fancy phone and try to log on to your Twitter account to send
one final tweet but alas, you see your account has been cancelled. Then you
seem an imam enter the room and kneel down next to your broken, pig’s blood
splattered carcass. However, instead of reading you your last rights or having
you make peace with God, he tells you are going to hell to burn for all
eternity because you were a bad boy and took too many cookies from the cookie
jar. Have a nice day!

How long could any person, organization or entity reasonably stand up to such
punishment? If you’re married you know what I mean…

**MAY 2, 2011**

The scene opens with Our Hero (abbreviated henceforth as OH) being awoken in
bed by someone blasting Journey’s song, “Anyway you want it,” outside from a
huge amplifier. OH is a Homer Simpson-esque guy, fat, balding, dopey, working
class, and clumsy. He curses under his breath, mutters, “Lousy Journey,” gets
to his feet and angrily stomps down the stairs leading outside the
apartment/boardinghouse, grumbling the whole time.

Outside the street is packed with people, all of them dancing. There are cars
parked erratically throughout the crowd. Red, white, and blue confetti and
streamers sprinkle everywhere. The blasting music seems to come from nowhere.
Some people are waving flags, one is the American flag, another says “Don’t
Tread on Me” featuring a coiled snake, and yet another says, “Okay Tread on Me
if you must, but not too hard” the coiled snake now has white gloves for hands
and is holding them up defensively. Many people hang off traffic lights and
street lamps.

OH looks around disgustedly. He sees an orange extension cord plugged into a
random socket on the outside of the apartment/boardinghouse. He instinctively
pulls it. The music cuts out, but the people keep dancing. One man comes out
of his trance; he was dancing on top of a van. He looks down at OH and shouts,
“Hey man, what did you do that for? Didn’t you hear? Osama Bin Laden is dead!”

OH puts his balled fists on his hips and looks up at him. He takes a deep
breathe, preparing to start his monologue. “Don’t you guys find it ODD that
they dumped his body in the ocean less than 24 hours after the raid so it can
never be found or examined by anyone ever? Doesn’t it seem a bit STRANGE that
79 special operators and a special operations dog (their leader) arrive in 2
helicopters, then one chopper crashes and yet they all leave no problem in the
one remaining helicopter? Doesn’t it seem WEIRD that a man on kidney dialysis
can be on the run in the harsh mountains of Pakistan and Afghanistan for ten
years? Isn’t it a little PECULIAR that the most wanted man in the world was
living 25 miles from a major city in a country that is supposedly our ally?
Isn’t it a tad BIZZARE that they government says they’ll never release photos
of his death because they’re “too graphic” yet routinely shows executions,
beheadings, and people dying in wars on the news all the damn time? Does any
of that ring an ABNORMAL bell in your head? Doesn’t all of that not make
SENSE?”

OH finishes his speech and crosses his arms over his chest. It is revealed
that in the meantime, the whole crowd has stopped dancing and is instead
staring at him intently.

The man on top of the van speaks. “Hey man, it’s a PARTY! It doesn’t have to
make sense!” he corrects OH sternly. The music starts up again from nowhere
even though the orange extension cord next to OH is still unplugged from the
wall. The man on top of the van goes back to dancing and so does everyone
else, except OH, streamers and confetti fall on him.

A fat, old gregarious man walks by OH holding two beers, with his arms draped
over two floor lamps he is walking down the street, “Hey everybody were gonna
get laid!” he declares triumphantly to no one in particular. OH shrugs as if
to say, “Oh well.”

**Trivia:** References include _The Simpsons_, _Caddyshack_, Bin Laden death celebrations, _Zero Dark Thirty_, American Patriotism, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, and the Tea Party.

**THE MAN WITH THE C-SHAPED FACE**

A World War One veteran, whose face is in the shape of the letter C apparently
due to being hit by an artillery shell, stands by a park bench, dressed in a
typical 1920s leisure suit.

A little girl and her mother happen by. The mother says to the girl, “Oh look
honey, weren’t you doing a report for school on the Great War? Perhaps that is
a Great War veteran now, go talk to him!” She pushes the girl in the direction
of the C-face shaped man.

The little girl nervously stumbles up to him and tugs on his suit jacket.
“Excuse me sir, are you a Great War veteran?”

The man turns around, looks down at her then drawls, “Hmm, I don’t know, I was
in a war, but it wasn’t too great.”

The girl looks puzzled, then tries again, “Are you a veteran of the war to end
all wars?”

The man shakes his C-shaped face, “No, at least I guess not seeing as how wars
are still going on right now….”

The girl looks further perplexed, “Are you a veteran of the war that made the
world safe for democracy?”

The man thinks with what brain is left in his c-shaped head, “Hmm, no not that
one either, seeing as how democracies are still in danger.”

The girl persists, “Are you a veteran of World War One?”

The man shows signs of recognition in what’s left of his face, but then
frowns, “No, seeing as there hasn’t been a World War Two yet, I guess it
couldn’t have been World War One.”

The girl scoffs, “You’re no fun! You’re probably not a veteran of any war,
pffffftt!” The girls storms off, her mother gathers her up, “Apparently that
was just a very funny looking man dear.” They both walk off together.

The C-face shaped man looks around, “I was a pretty man once……..before the
war……..and that donkey cart accident! Bloody Hun donkey……”

**Trivia: **There WAS a World War One veteran with a C-shaped face in real life featured in a photo called “Living Death.”

