### Anti-hero Ruff Voss Flees Town with a Local Wench in Tow by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-02-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The story of a guy involved in intrigue, lies, lust and lament � and he gets the girl. 

* * *

** **

In a community of 38,780 people a guy with a black eye-patch driving his
mother’s dirty 2004 yellow Alfa Romeo GT to collect rents from householders
and small business people was bound to be noticed

His name was Rufus Voss (aged about 30) who’d come to live with his parents
three weeks ago while recovering from a major corrective eye operation
according to his mum. He didn’t mix much socially and two of the women he’d
dated complained to friends that Ruff was a bit of a skinflint and they
alleged that he was totally self-centred when it came to sex.

One woman claimed he unleashed prematurely and immediately left her in the
motel bed without saying where he was going. She learned from the receptionist
he had departed after paying for the room, insisting on a discount claiming
the room smelt of cigarette smoke and the cleaners had missed doing the
bathroom.

The second young woman complained the young guy with a black eye-patch brought
beer to her house and nothing for her to drink before they were to go out for
a meal. He pushed her into having sex first and then said he wasn’t hungry and
left.

She’d yelled at him to come back for more sex and he called suggesting she
should use her fingers.

Those stories spread like wildfire.

Ruff was seen by a woman to park at the supermarket in a reserved space for
disabled people displaying the appropriate vehicle sticker. The woman Mabel
Price who wrote a letter published by the local newspaper calling Ruff ‘the
black eye-patch man’, pointed out he had no sticker on his car. She informed
readers he grabbed a carton of beer and pushed past a woman with two children
about to unload at the counter and said he had an express purchase and she’d
only have to wait a jiff by allowing him to take priority.

Thundered Mabel, her pen or computer keyboard running hot:

_Such arrogance and ungentlemanly behaviour is reprehensible. In my
grandmother’s day that chap would have been horse-whipped on the spot by a
gallant gentleman bystander._

That letter virtually made Ruff an over-night hero among some of the town’s
young men who thought some pushy women were getting up themselves these days.
And he practically achieved cult status when next day another letter appeared
in the newspaper:

_The man in the black eye-patch (mentioned in Mrs Price’s letter yesterday)
dated my middle-aged mother and after having his way with her in a motel room
walked out without staying goodbye before she had achieved her climax. Even
worse she was left there stranded. I’m a senior high school student and had to
be excused from class to drive in my vehicle that is falling to bits to take
her home. Mum wouldn’t get into the car until I promised not to tell dad when
he returns from Mexico in a few weeks._

_Disgusted daughter (name and address withheld on request - Ed.)._

Ruff was walking past a cafe with table seating outside in that wider part of
the street for customers when a guy called up, “Hey Mr Black Eye-patch, town
hero. Come over; we want to buy you a drink.”

The stranger went over and identified himself as Ruff Voss and a middle-aged
waitress Beth Willow stood and listened as Al Freer and Kevin Majors
introduced themselves and invited Ruff to name his poison and he chose a
larger beer. The guys congratulated Ruff for refusing to be pushed around by
women and Kevin asked Ruff what had happened to his eye.

Next morning a further letter appeared in the newspaper.

_I’m a waitress at Mains Café and that so-called ‘vile’ man with the eye-patch
(see letters in the last two issues of this newspaper) came along and two
friendly men invited him over for a drink. The town would regard those two as
upstanding young men, one a volunteer team leader at the Youth Centre and the
other an outstanding sportsman now into coaching an under-16 sports team._

_The young man’s name is Ruff Voss, son of Herman and Elaine Voss, two of this
town’s most generous benefactors._

_Ruff was asked why he wore an eye-patch and he said he almost lost his eye in
a bit of an event and was asked what happened. _

_The story is he was holidaying in Fiji and out fishing with a couple of other
tourists and their two children when the outboard motor of the small boat
suddenly burst into flames when it was started to move to another fishing spot
near an exposed reef. The skipper yelled abandon the boat as there were two
almost full fuel tanks at the stern and they might explode. By then flames
were eating into the rear of the boat. There were no lifejackets or a life-
raft. _

_Ruff helped the man get his wife and two children to the reef and the 6-year
old girl began screaming for her precious doll on the burning boat. Ruff dived
back into the water and got a hand on to the doll by reaching in just as the
first small fuel tank exploded. He was swimming to the reef unharmed and
turned back to look at the boat as the second cylinder exploded and a sliver
of steel from the explosion pierced his left eye. He swam almost to the reef
and the girl’s father pulled Ruff from the water; he’d fallen unconscious in
acute pain and apparently his injury looked terrible. The father had to prise
the doll from the unconscious man’s grip._

_The guys listening to Ruff called him a hero but he said in the same
circumstances they would have gone to rescue the doll. Both guys looked a
little embarrassed and said no way._

_Perhaps Mr Voss is not totally bad after all._

_Dorothy Green. _

Ruff’s parents were embarrassed by the comments about their son and told him
to keep a low profile.

“Well okay I’ll keep off the streets apart from walking from the car to
collect rents.”

His father said if Ruff wanted anything from the supermarket he’d fetch it for
him.

The phone went and was answered and the calls were practically continuous for
a couple of hours. All were people called to welcome Ruff to the community,
with some inviting him to a meal at their home.

Ruff eventually said to his parents thank god the calls had stopped.

“Some of the callers asked me was I’m a bad bugger. I’m not a bad bugger am I
mum?”

She replied in forthright Australian way, “You can be rude, callous and
surprise people with your lack of consideration, but no you’re not a bad
bugger and we probably do love you.”

The front door bell rang and Herman said he’d get it as it was probably the
police with a warrant for Ruff’s arrest for queue-jumping at the supermarket.

Elaine looked concerned but her son grinned, being used to his father’s wry
humour.

Herman returned with a long-legged tanned blonde in cut-offs and a gaudy top
and from the deep-V appeared to be wearing a bikini top beneath the top.

“Hi Mrs Voss. Ruff I’m Sophia, Kevin Major's sister. You had a drink with Al
and Kevin yesterday and Kev said I should get off my butt and get over here to
arrange a date before half the females in town beat me to it?”

“What you wish to date me? You must be mad.”

“That’s bullshit Ruff. That woman you abandoned in the motel after ploughing
her is my aunt, who is not the brightest of women and has been missing her
regular sex. Her daughter, a senior school student left school to collect her
mum and take her home.”

“I discovered this morning that my niece Carolyn found her clapped-out car had
been removed during the night from their lawn and in its place was a smart
second-hand coupe with a note that identified the donors as the Voss family.
It added Carolyn was a good girl looking after her mother like that and Mr
Rufus Voss would complete the sales transaction documentation for Carolyn when
she was ready. The note pleaded with them not to reveal details about my niece
being given an upgraded car and the old one dumped.”

“God you’re a nosy bitch Sophia.”

“Oh thanks Ruff, I’m almost overwhelmed by your compliment.”

Elaine said, “Ruff you apologise to this lovely young woman instantly.”

“I grovel at your feet and asked to be punished Miss Majors.”

“Very well you are to take me out for a drink and then dinner.”

“And then what Miss Majors?”

“Oh you would be so lucky Ruff Voss. I have no wish to be used and abused and
abandoned, left hanging out to dry.”

Ruff’s mother complained, “I can’t understand what you two are trying to
achieve.”

“Don’t worry mum. It’s just Sophia never has had a night out with a real man
before and she’s dancing in the clouds.”

“And now I understand you even less Ruff Voss. No one we know dances on the
clouds. I think you’ve become a screw loose. You just watch him Sophia, that
black patch has upset his personality.

Well not unsurprisingly, Sophia fell for Ruff like a jar of pickles off a
kitchen self and that was even before he’d laid a finger on her although to be
truthful he had a knee jammed between her legs before mains had arrived at the
table.

As Sophia attempted to tell her mother, “He absolutely enchanted me mum; he’s
so cool.”

Mrs Major’s blew a rare moment of intimacy between mother and daughter these
days by saying Sophia’s permissiveness to achieve a romantic association with
that crude idiot with an eye-patch would fail just as she’d failed with the
explanation that the dried semen down the front of her sun frock was spilt
dessert from the creamy banana split.

“Well it was the truth mum,” Sophia protested. “It was a mix of cream, ice-
cream and icing sugar. I do however admit that later when Ruff ejaculated over
me I was completely nude.”

“You were what?”

“Omigod, what have I said.”

“You filthy bitch Sophia allowing a man to humiliate you like that.”

Sophia had run out of fight and said submissively: “Yes mum I was a naughty
girl and I’m sorry that I failed you and womanhood generally.”

“Oh my, that was an exceptionally generous apology coming from you. Tell me
does he deliver copious streams in powerful shots?”

“Mum!”

“What dear? You know your mother enjoys frank discussion with females.”

Next day Marcia Majors met with the sisterhood of five long-standing friends
and after spluttering in their coffee cups at Marcia’s lurid description,
enhanced of course, of her daughter being sprayed with semen when being spread
on her back over the restaurant table by the despicable Ruff Vile who’d
practically overnight inexplicably had become the town hero.

Like a flash fire, females throughout the town spread the rumour that Ruff
Vile had almost drowned Sophia Majors in a flood of semen when he banged her
under a restaurant table with her wrists and ankles tied to the table legs.

Within hours the rumour been embellished greatly. Now Ruff Vile was said to
have the ability to suck so expertly that he could have any female lactating
within 45 seconds. Further after demonstrating he could shoot a string of cum
up to six metres away and a minute later he resumed ejaculating over his
female companion of the moment while she lay deliriously sexually exhausted
and leaking voluminously.

By the following morning it was discovered Ruff and Sophia had fled town after
hearing that discussion had commenced about selling tickets for an adults-only
fund-raising event for charity at which the main attraction would be Ruff and
Sophia having sex publicly and displaying their individual as well as their
combined skills at stimulating ejaculations and then demonstrating their
preferred positions at sexual intercourse.

Before long townspeople were sad that their 48-hour town hero had departed
their drab town after despicable false rumours had defamed him and it was
regretted the town’s only colourful slut Sophia Majors had fled with him. The
sight of her strutting with wobbly unharnessed breasts in her gaudy clothes
along the main street would be sorely missed because everyone else wore black
or drab grey.

Soon a false rumour swept through town that Ruff and Sophia were on their way
back to the town because they’d driven only thirty miles with several stops
and found they’d run out of condoms.

**The End**

