### DISPATCHES FROM THE HELL PLANET by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Previously lost posts that I wrote while living on a Hell Planet (New Jersey, USA), intended to be funny, largely ignored, except for my post about lesbian sailors. 

* * *

**End of 2012**

Some more of the best actual insults hurled at me this year, in no particular
order:

1) I don’t know whether to punch you in the face or make out with you!

2) Just stop being…….YOU!

3) I’d rather have my small tits than your ugly body!

4) You’re incredibly charming, but you have a very sick mind.

5) I’d quite like to chop you up and feed you to the pigs.

**11/12/12**

This exchange happened twice today:

Other person: Yeah the Iran-Iraq war….

Myself: That was a good war!

Other person: ………..Yeah It was!

**9/25/12**

My friend had a dream where I was shot in the chest with a shotgun by a crazed
gunman in an amusement park. I had a dream the next day where he was pushing
me in a wheelchair in a supermarket, before I defiantly decided to push myself
along.

**8/9/12**

This homeless man in New Brunswick, New Jersey addressed me as “big dog”
today. I thought to myself, “Yeah, I am big dog.”

My boss told me this former co-worker of mine who I had a feud with was “the
kind that you would hear about going postal” and described him as “having a
lot of anger that boiled over.” And here I thought it was just me that he
didn't like!

**4/28/12**

Just had a dream where a blonde haired female helicopter rescue pilot held me
on her lap and flew us off a crazy, jagged green mountain in a twisted
fashion. In a voiceover, I described how great I thought helicopter rescue
pilots were. It was so real, I woke up feeling airsick. What does this all
mean? I wonder.

**4/18/12**

I think one of the best compliments I ever received was from my history
professor, the civil rights era hero and most oft quoted man in the Newark
Star Ledger, Dr. Clem Price, who remarked, “Man, you are tough. I wouldn’t
want you on my draft board.” After I explained how soldiers dying in any given
war is normal, expected, accepted, legal, and irreconcilably/fundamentally
different from civilians dying in any given war.

**4/6/12**

In a previous status I mentioned a classmate of mine who was “incredibly”
offended by my creative non-fiction submission, here are some of her actual
comments she wrote on my work:

“This is immediately offensive.”

“Very judgmental.”

“This first part is SO incredibly offensive in terms of race + gender that I
have to FORCE myself to keep reading.”

“No.”

“Really? Just don’t.”

“Wow.”

“Really?”

**2/26/12**

I once overheard my friend’s mother say that a man shouldn’t watch a woman
give birth as “life loses a lot of it’s romance afterward.” I seized upon the
phrase and later used it in a term paper, saying, in regards to heavily armed
Brazilian police officers, “Life loses a lot of it’s romance when you have to
lug around a 20+ pound light machine gun in the hot Rio sun all day.”

**12/21/11**

There was this story today about two lesbian Navy sailors who made out in
public at their ship’s homecoming. The journalists present all asked them
condescending questions like, “Do your shipmates HATE you?” If I was a
journalist on the scene, I would have asked the only relevant, appropriate
question of, “Can you please do that again?”

**9/12/11**

Today my boss admitted he was going to be gone for two hours and had not come
up with a single thing for me to do in his absence. He shrugged, said oh well,
and walked away.

**9/30/12**

I hiked a giant mountain in upstate New York with my friend yesterday. It was
an incredible experience and one of the hardest things I’ve ever done
physically and mentally. The whole time it was extremely muddy, rainy, wet,
slippery, cold, windy, and the terrain was always rocky and uneven. I
described it in a message to my friend as the weather being like the movie
Platoon or Hamburger Hill and the hike being like a video game, hopping rock
to rock over seas of mud, water, and bottomless pits. It was an experience
I’ll never forget and something I would do again, but I’d be lying if I said I
wasn’t in a huge amount of pain most of the time.

