### WORLD WAR THREE PART TWO by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** In a nightmare scenario, Russia doubles down on their bid for influence in Eastern Europe and invades Poland. With Germany next in line to be invaded, is there anyone, anyone at all who can save the free world? Where are you Really, Really Big Man? 

* * *

**Note: **Please read this in a 1940s newsreel/propaganda style of voice

Ah, 2015, the year when the world watched with bated breath the climax of the
Russian conflict in Eastern Europe!

Everyone remembers how on the anniversary of the Ukrainian Revolution, Russia
doubled down on its success by invading Poland…………………………..again!

Yes, Russia accomplished this quite easily by walking, flying, driving, and
even swimming in backwards and simply telling everyone they were leaving.

(Footage here of Russian tanks, armored columns, legions of troops,
helicopters, planes, submarines, battleships, and even missiles moving into
Poland backward, trooping/flying across rural and urban landscapes.)

Stunned Polish citizens, soldiers, and government officials waved to the
Russians, who waved back. Convinced they were waving goodbye and not hello,
the happy-go-lucky Poles went about their business.

(Footage shown here portrays happy Poles waving at backwards walking/flying
Russians, who wave back. The Poles smile, shrug their shoulders, then go about
their business.)

Advanced Russian Army armored units reached Warsaw within three days, politely
obeying traffic signals as they went.

(Russian tanks are shown stopped at a red traffic light as a line of chickens
cross in front of them.)

Poland, had no choice, they had to capitulate.

(A Polish bigshot is shown surrounded by Russian soldiers, he looks up from
his desk where he was doing a crossword puzzle. He stares around at all the
soldiers as if studying them, then shrugs his shoulders, and signs a paper
labeled “I quit.”)

The world was shocked! France prepared their white flags of surrender for
immediate use and sent its troops on maneuvers, so they could practice
throwing down their arms.

(White flags are shown being run up atop the Arc de Triomphe and French
soldiers are shown creeping through a field, only to abrupt shoot up erect,
throw down their rifles, and throw their hands dramatically in the air as if
to surrender.)

Britain immediately equipped every soldier, tank, airplane, and ship with at
least one copy of the entire Mr. Bean comedy series.

(A British tank crew is shown inside their Challenger II tank, their attention
rapt on a little TV playing Mr. Bean, they all hold teddy bears).

Swiss………well Swiss went about their business like usual.

(A Woody Allen-esque man is seen winking at the audience before entering a
building with a sign on it that reads, “Our 16-year old prostitutes are
CLEAN……we promise! Really!”)

Americans were outraged! They immediately responded to the Russian aggression
with a series of angry tweets, Facebook posts, Instagram pictures, and
snapchat conversations.

(Angry self-righteous Americans are shown angrily tweeting, Facebooking, and
so on. Many post pictures of themselves holding signs that say,
“#BringbackourPoland.”)

Of course, that did absolutely nothing and now Russia was poised to strike
Germany……………again! With Berlin being so close to the Polish border, a quick,
decisive campaign was hotly anticipated by the Russian high command, the
press, and the endless legions of teenage ballerinas.

Now fortunately Germany had the draft up until 2011, which was a violation of
the treaty of Versailles by the way, which says Germany’s military couldn’t
exceed 100,000 men.

Oh thank God and merciful heaven though that someone destroyed that treaty!

(A picture of Adolf Hitler petting his German Sheppard is shown here with the
caption, “Someone.”)

Still, Germany had its back against the wall, the outside world was of no
help. France was ready to surrender, Britain was laughing too hard at Mr. Bean
and did not want a repeat of Dunkirk 1940, America was tied down in Iraq War
part 4 (For those of you playing along at home, part 1=1990/1991 part
2=2003-2011, part 3=2014-2015, part 4=2015-present). Belgium still had no
government yet, so they could not be reached for a comment. When American
President Barack Obama was asked for a comment, he said, “After this putt….”

Times were desperate in Germany.

(A short clip here is shown of German Chancellor Angela Merkel in an
underground bunker surrounded by German Army, Air Force, and Navy generals.
They all stand, she is the only one seated, they are gathered around a table
looking at a map. Chancellor Merkel looks up from the map and speaks to her
command staff.

“Did Mr. Putin receive that pornographic video I sent him? And how is our
hashtag doing?” she asks curiously.

“Mein fuehrer……..” one general trails off.

Another interrupts him, “Mein fuehrer, he rejected your peace offering, he
said who watches this shit?”

A third general speaks up, “Our hashtag has failed, it's only been re-tweeted
twice, including you.”

Chancellor Merkel seethes with anger; she slowly takes off her glasses, then
commands,

“Anyone NOT into scat pornography, leave the room…”

Silently, all of the generals file out except for three or four. When at last
the door closes, Chancellor Merkel flies into a rage, standing from her chair,
pacing around the room as she wildly orates, gesturing and flailing her arms.

“How dare that Russian putz reject my gift! I’m trying to prevent a world war
here! What the fuck am I supposed to do? Who watches this shit? We, the German
people, watch that shit! Some of us like shit! God we are so fucked, this
Russian army is going to run us over just like they did in 1945, except this
time, we can’t even escape to the West as those fucking French toads have
already surrendered! And our hashtag FAILED? FAILED? I thought they always
worked and got shit done! Rescued hostages! Prevented wars! Stopped rapists
mid-act! Created invisible children! All of you in here are worthless,
seriously, none of you are worth one half a toe-nail clipping of a Kesselring!
So fucking screwed, are we! We raised generations of pussies and now we have
to fight for our lives and we don’t have one man with two balls between his
legs from Westphalia to Lower Saxony! I won’t be some whore to a Russian
peasant! That’s what they do with the old bags they capture, they become
whores to the lowest Russian peasants while all the good looking girls go to
Moscow! I’d rather bite a bullet!”

The remaining German generals look sad and don’t say a word.

Chancellor Merkel throws a pen down angrily at the map, then sits down and
laments, “Why isn’t everybody in the world a nice person like I learned in
school? This is not fair, I didn’t know bad people existed!” She hangs her
head as the scene fades).

It looked as though all was lost for Germany, Russian soldiers in frontline
units had already started pre-gaming for their victory celebration by drinking
copious amounts of party punch. Maps across the world already were being
printed with no more Europe on them, only “Greater Russia” in their place. A
pall was cast over the hearts and minds (but not the cell phones) of free
people everywhere.

(Naturally shown here, are Russian soldiers chugging and maps being printed
with Greater Russia on them.)

But then! Like Jesus Christ himself, a savior arrived!

(Triumphant trumpets blare at this part)

(A blazing white light accompanying the trumpets nearly blinds the viewer. A
chorus of voices going “da da da” sings in the figure like in the Krusty Krab
training video episode of SpongeBob Squarepants)

He arrived in the form of a 100-year-old former German Army officer who had
served in the Second World War!

Yes, in Germany’s darkest hour, nay, in the WORLD’S darkest hour, here this
100-year-old former German Army officer comes out of retirement, taking
command of the German Armed Forces, accepting the title of Grand Field Marshal
from Chancellor Merkel and revitalizing the hopes, dreams, desires, wishes,
fantasies, and survival instincts of BILLIONS!

Russia was unperturbed at first, with Putin even remarking how a 100-year-old
man could even live, since no one in Russia lived to be that long, and thus
dismissed the claim of a new Grand Field Marshal of the German Armed Forces as
a sham.

(A still of a picture of Putin looking confident that is resting on a Sochi
hotel desk is shown here. Note: this picture actually exists.)

How wrong he was!

In the space of only a few days, Germany’s army, supplanted by its draft
troops and thousands of new zealous, happy volunteers, transformed under the
leadership of the 100-year-old Grand Field Marshal, into a fighting force so
fierce-some, that the French added Germany to their surrender
document………….that Britain tried to revive Winston Churchill’s corpse…………..that
American President Barack Obama played 9 holes of golf instead of 18.

(A line of sharp looking German troops brandishing bayonets is shown here,
along with rows of clean looking gray Luftwaffe aircraft, and a gaggle of
camouflaged German tanks emerging from a forest. In addition, Germany is seen
hastily written in crayon on a French surrender document and a team of British
paramedics are seen performing CPR on a skeleton and President Barack Obama
playing pitch and putt.)

The first land war on the European continent in 70 years was opened! Tickets
were sold, webcams were set up, giant foam #1 fingers were manufactured by the
million, voo-voo-zela horns came back into style!

(Various scenes of war are shown here, artillery cannons firing, tanks
advancing, corpses, infantry rushing forward, airplanes rolling into an
attack, etc. Of course, footage is also shown of people getting ready for the
war like a sporting event, for instance, millions of foam #1 Germany and #1
Russia fingers rolling off assembly lines and being donned by excited fans,
someone tooting a voo-voo-zela horn atop the Reichstag, while another toots
one atop St. Basil’s Cathedral.)

Unfortunately for advertisers, sponsors, websites, and the world press, the
conflict lasted a mere 69 hours, during which the German Armed Forces under
the leadership of their 100-year-old Jesus Christ superstar completely routed
the Russian invasion force!

(Lines of depressed Russians are seen retreating back to Russia, while very
happy lines of Russians are seen being taken into captivity in Germany.
Burning Russian tanks, planes, and ships are shown burning in the middle of
fields. How the ships got there no one knows.)

The world could breathe a sigh of relief. People everywhere celebrated, even
in Brazil, where they didn’t know what they were celebrating, even in the US,
even in France, even in Zimbabwe, and every other country who did absolutely
nothing to stop Russia or help Germany. Flowers were tossed, tears were shed.

(Various footage of people celebrating around the world, in every scene
someone is holding a sign amongst the crowd that says, “Wait, what are we
celebrating again?” In Hell, Adolf Hitler is shown in a rocking chair,
shedding a tear and wiping it away. Fireworks that burst into the German flag
pop over the Reichstag. German troops parade through the Brandenburg Gate to
crowds of adoring gorgeous blonde haired, blue eyed women. The soldier’s ages
range from 12 to 102.)

But every war has its casualties………………Yes folks just as quickly as he rose to
the top to be the savior of the free world, our beloved 100-year-old former
German Army officer, had his century old heart stressed from saving everything
that we hold dear, give way.

(A scene is shown here of the 100-year-old man on his deathbed, surrounded by
admirers, soldiers, and gorgeous women. He whispers something to the man
closest to him, who writes it down on a notepad. Then the music reaches a
crescendo, actually not just any music but the theme that plays when Luke
Skywalker looks at the two suns of Tatoonie at the beginning of _Star Wars: A
New Hope_. The 100-year-old Grand Field Marshal closes his eyes and disappears
into non-existence, the blanket he was under, falls to the bed. The music
finishes, the German closest to the bed turns around and sees a compatriot of
his watching _Star Wars: A New Hope_ at the part just described. “What were
his last words?” a comely German milk maid asks. The German with the notepad
turns it so the audience can see it. Written on it is, “Vader, your father
is.”)

And so went our spirit. The world has a new saint, one to whom she is
eternally indebted to. A grateful planet Earth, sends her regards.

(A picture of the 100-year-old man in his class-A dress uniform is shown, for
some reason, he is at a theme park posing with Yosemite Sam).

God bless you Hans Strudel! We owe you……………..ONE!

**Trivia:** References include, _Downfall,_ _Mr. Bean_, _Star Wars: A New Hope_ and _Return of the Jedi_, “Hitler reacts to…”videos, Polish jokes, Swiss prostitution laws, Woody Allen and his films, the World Cup, #Bringbackourgirls, WWI/WWII history, _SpongeBob Squarepants_, _The Hunt for Red October_, the 1st Iraq War, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, _Victorious_, and German adult film viewing habits.

