### LIVE WITHIN YOUR MEANS by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Our Hero (OH), a goofy middle-aged man, receives conflicting, contradictory and brainwashing messages from his God (television) about personal economic and fiscal responsibility. 

* * *

**LIVE WITHIN YOUR MEANS**

The scene opens on Our Hero (henceforth abbreviated OH) sitting on his crummy,
food and beer stained couch alone watching television. OH is kind of fat,
balding, middle-aged, clumsy, goofy looking, possessing a turkey neck, and is
working middle class in socioeconomic status. He is drinking a beer as he
stares at his god (the TV) through which the world comes to him more than by
experience, by books, or by word of mouth, more than any other source combined
in fact. TV can be the life he can’t afford or is denied in reality for
whatever reason.

He is watching a “kid’s” TV show with crude characters crafted with
construction paper. It is the end of the episode where the characters tell the
audience the lesson or moral of the story. The main character has a voice like
the singer in Ween in the song “push th’ little daises.”

A crowd is gathered around the two main characters on screen.

The one with the Ween voice speaks, “Well, I think we all learned an important
lesson here today.”

The other character speaks in a normal voice, he chimes in, “That the banks
and the federal reserve engineered the recession, then convinced everyone they
were “too big to fail” so they could get bailed out by the federal government
with $1 trillion worth of taxpayer money? That the government lies,
fabricates, and distorts the unemployment rate so there isn’t a popular
uprising? That fiat currency is worthless?”

The character with the Ween voice looks extremely annoyed and rebukes him, “No
god damn it! To live within your means.”

“Ahhh!” the other character sighs. The crowd surrounding them “ahhh” as well.

OH turns off the TV, leans back in his seat and ponders the thought.

“Live within your means, hmmm.” He murmurs as he stares into space.

He turns the TV back on and it’s in the middle of a commercial.

A gorgeous blonde haired, blue eyed woman stares directly into the camera and
speaks, “Hey you! Yeah, you chump! Guess what? Life is short, have an
affair…today! Come on, what are you waiting for? Don’t you know you’re gonna
die? Don’t limit yourself! Go to mywifeisfatandsucks.com today!” As the camera
zooms out it reveals that the woman is a Russian soldier in a “punishment
unit” in the Second World War and is walking through a minefield. She and the
others around her (who are also coincidentally, good looking women) are
engulfed in a sudden massive explosion. She concludes, as the smoke clears and
she lies dying, “We offer competitive rates!”

OH frowns, emits an “hmmmm”-like sound and changes the channel.

A rap “artist,” donning a diamond studded necklace that declares,
“professional idiot,” is shown touring his “crib” he is standing in his gaudy
bathroom pointing at his bejeweled toilet that has LM engraved on the tank,
for his stage name, “Lil Weenie.” “This toilet costs more than the average
working person makes in their lifetime after taxes!” Lil Weenie boasts, whilst
putting his hands on his hips. “And my entourage costs $500,000 a month, just
to maintain!” He perks up on the balls of his feet at this last boast. The
interviewer is a man that looks similar to OH for some reason, even though
this is a hip young show on a hip young channel. OH has to do a double take
when he realizes this. “That’s sooooo cool! But Mr. Weenie, whats your
comeback plan, I mean well, your last record didn’t do so hot. The _Daily
Bulge_ called it, “incomprehensible gibberish” and you responded by saying
that’s what rap mostly is. The _Weekly Quarterly_ said “this album is less
than nothing” and you retorted that “zero is indeed a number that is neither
positive nor negative.”” The OH-like man speaks in a typical, boring middle-
aged monotone. The rap “artist” looks nervous and apprehensive, like life is
being unfair to poor old Lil Weenie and he wants his mom to come make it stop.
“I have a pet tiger!” he yells defensively, flailing his arms. OH channels the
change, after sighing.

On this channel, a fat, old Orson Welles-esque interviewer is questioning
three hack/shill/puppet political candidates.

“Our current national debit is $17 trillion! How do you plan to reduce that?”
he booms at the three.

“Uhh, let the next guy worry about it!” one blurts out.

“What if you’re elected to another term?” the Orson doppelganger asks.

The politician falls silent.

“Uhhh, borrow more money from China!” another yells, panicked.

“They already own so much of this country, they just renamed California,
“Mainland China Part Two!” the portly inquirer reminds him.

This politician hangs their head in shame.

“Uhh, simple! Everybody live within your means!” the third confidently states

“Do you live within your means congressman?................Let me answer that,
no. You live on someone else’s dime and get outrageous benefits that no
private sector worker would ever be privy to, therefore, no, you do not and
cannot. By the way, didn’t your company, Scum Co. Capital ship a bunch of jobs
overseas to….China of all places? How can you ask people to live within their
means when you’ve taken away their very means to live?” the increasingly fed
up fat, old Orson Welles-clone rants at the man, pointing at him, scowling at
him, mocking him.

“Next question”! he declares, throwing his hand up in the air, in a “I don’t
give a fuck” fashion.

“How will you pay for Social Security with a record number of people currently
on unemployment, disability, food stamps, EBT, SNAP, Link, WIC, Section 8,
ABC, 123, and Kalamazoo and Timbuktu?” he asks, half sarcastic.

“Uhh, we’ll pay for Social Security by using the funds for Medicare!” one
politician stammers.

“Then how will you pay for Medicare?” the bearded interviewer demands.

“Uhh, simple! By using the funds for Social Security!” the politician answers,
apparently not seeing the problem there.

Fat, old Orson gives up on this one. “You!” he points at another politician,
in an accusing manner.

“Uhh, I’d make college FREE! So everyone can get indoctrinated…..uh pardon me,
I mean so everyone can get a good job and start paying into Social Security!”

“Free? Don’t you know nothing is free? And that for the government to give
money to anyone or anything it has to come from somewhere or something else?”
Orson angrily informs him.

“Ah, I knew it had to come from somewhere! I was always wondering all these
years where it came from.” The politician muses, genuinely having an epiphany.

OH is half asleep by this point and changes the channel again.

This channel is some typical modern young people comedy where everything works
out in the end and all problems are solved by (instead of caused by) partying.
A cool dude with a white backwards baseball cap is lecturing a nerdy looking
guy with glasses on a laptop.

“Come on man! Live life to the fullest! Live for today! You’re gonna die! Do
something crazy you’ll regret! Don’t limit yourself! Remember those driving
the speed limit will never know the full-on crazy exhilaration of doing 90 in
a 25!” the cool dude goads.

“Hey man! I’m trying to study so I can get a good job, live within my means,
and start paying into Social Security, don’t ya know?” the nerdy guys
protests, pounding his fist on his keyboard.

The cool dude scoffs, gets agitated, crosses the room and gets in the nerdy
guys face, “Well maybe living within your means is FUCKING GAY!”

OH is frightened by the profane outburst and changes the channel yet again.

This channel is set up like a religions channel, for instance, there is a
number across the bottom of the screen for viewers to call in. Only this is an
atheist religious channel, so the number on the screen is to be called so
viewers can donate to “nothing.” A wild-eyed hyper atheist preacher paces a
stage in front of an apathetic audience, who are mostly on their “Dumbphones.”
He directs his gaze to the camera.

“Hey you! Yeah, you! You fat piece of crap! Guess what? You’re gonna DIE!
Someday sooner than you think, you’re going to die! And then……you’ll rot in
the ground for ten thousand million billion years……and then……you’ll rot some
more! And that’s all there is to it! So live for today! Spend all your money
you can’t take it with you anyway! There is no God, no Satan, no Buddha, no
Jesus, no Allah, no abominable snowman, there is no meaning to life! We’re all
just a bunch of absurd beings running around with no rhyme or reason! Oh the
humanity! ”

OH is such a wimp that the rant scares him and he changes the channel, wincing
as he does.

A beautiful green eyed red haired woman glances back at him from the screen on
the new channel. “Do you think I like a man who lives within life’s
boundaries? Do you think I’d go to bed with a man who plays it safe? Who is
predictable, responsible, calm, lame, fiscally tight fisted….safe? NO!” Her
abrupt shout startles OH. The camera is zooming out as she speaks, revealing
that she is a Russian soldier in WWII, again in a punishment unit, this time,
she and her inexplicably good looking squadmates are disarming a large green
bomb with a Swastika on it that is wedged into the middle of a factory that is
manufacturing pictures of Stalin (note, the pictures are actually of Borat).

“And neither does your wife! Go to mywifeisfatandsucks.com today!” She
commands just as the bomb explodes, sending her and her squad shooting into
the sky on a mushroom shaped cloud of fire.

OH is distracted by the mushroom shaped cloud because he is a foodaholic and
any veiled reference to food throws his attention.

“Don’t live within your limits, we offer competitive rates!” She growls as the
fire burns her clothes off and flaming pictures of Borat-Stalin cascade off in
different directions in the background.

OH, after being saddened, frightened, inspired, distracted, titillated,
enraged, and motivated by his silver screened God, turns the TV off and the
lamp out, the room is entirely dark. OH sits in the darkness for a few
moments, pondering what he just viewed. That last commercial didn’t make much
sense to him.

Suddenly from the darkness, the whites of OH’s eyes appear just like in a
cartoon. We hear some random clicking and scarping sounds.

“Yellow? Yes, I’d like to order the GinnZoo knife!” we hear OH say, apparently
into a phone, his eyes turn to slits in sheer excitement. He puts his hand
over the phone’s speaker for a second. His eyes glance upward, towards the
ceiling.

“Take off your clothes, wife!” he barks into the darkness.

**Trivia:** References include, _Popcorn Pandemonium_, _The Simpsons_, _Frozen Peas_ by Orson Welles, _I’m Telling You for the Last Time_, _Borat_, _A Writer at War: Vasily Grossman with the Red Army, 1941-1945, Generation War, Safety Not Guaranteed, The Punisher, South Park, _Ween, _MTV Cribs_, _Network_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, _Love and _Death, the Bob Larsen/James Mason interview, and the 2012 US Presidential election.

\--The current US national debt really is that much and more.

\--Punishment units did exist in the Red Army and they were given the most
dangerous, borderline suicidal assignments.

\--There are currently record numbers of people on unemployment, disability,
food stamps, EBT, SNAP, Link, WIC, Section 8, ABC, 123, and Kalamazoo and
Timbuktu in the US.

\--Fiat currency IS worthless.

\--Grizzly Adams DID have a beard.

