### Time Bomb? by JB. Woods

**Date Added:** 2015-02-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A Bushism 

* * *

TIME BOMB

A Bushism.

‘Mr. President, Suh! The satellite images from the Defence Department, suh.
Houston sez we have a problem.’

‘Howdee, Major. What are those goddam Eye-ranians a doin’ now?’

‘No suh, Mr President, it ain’t the Eye-ranians, it’s the Swiss.’

‘The Swiss, huh! They gonna throw cuckoo clocks at us?’

‘No, Suh! That’s the Black Forest in Germany, suh. A firm called Xelor are
building a nuclear facility close by Geneva. Lookee here, they even gotten the
name on the roof.’

‘Goldarn it, Major, you’re right. Can them Swiss reach us from there?’

‘Yes, suh, they are below the designated missile screen.’

‘You better get me the British Prime Minister. I need to make a decision.’

‘Yes, suh. Right away, Suh!

The Major picked up the red phone and tapped out a number furiously while the
President walked over to the world map hanging at one end of the Oval office.
He stood for a few moments studying the map, stooped and jabbed a finger
before drawing a line over to the USA.

The Major joined him. ‘Apologies from the Brits, suh. The Prime Minister is
doing the defence budget and is on E-bay.’

The President drew the Majors attention to the map. ‘Lookee here, Major. No
missile is going to reach us from down there.’ He retraced the invisible line
that he had drawn a few moments earlier.

The Major coughed politely. ‘Beggin your pardon, suh, but that there is
Swaziland. Switzerland is in Europe.’

‘Darn it, Major, you’re too good for me. Make yourself a Colonel.’

‘Yes, Suh!

The vibrant melody of ‘Hail the Chief’ reverberated around the office and the
Colonel dashed over to answer the phone. Standing rigidly to attention he
bawled. ‘The White House, This here’s, Colonel Sanders, suh.’

He stood listening for a moment before shouting across the room. ‘It’s for
you, Suh! The British Prime Minister, Suh!’

The President strolled across the office and picked up the phone. ‘Yo Blair,
how yer doin’?’

A disgruntled, monosyllabic voice answered. ‘It’s Brown.’

The President hastily put his hand over the mouthpiece. ‘Colonel, what’s the
goddam password?’

‘What password, suh?’

‘To speak to the Brit PM. He’s shoutin’ Brown at me.’

The Colonel looked heavenwards. ‘Brown is the Prime Minister, suh.’

‘How long’s he bin there?’

‘About eighteen months, suh.’

‘Shit, why doesn’t somebody tell me these things. Hi, Brown, how are yer
doin’?’

The President listened for a few seconds and turned to his aide. ‘Colonel,
what the hell is jurisprudence?’

‘It’s the science and skill at Law, suh. The Brits call ‘em – Smart arse, suh!

‘Hi there, Brown, smart arse. Yer still there?’ A bellicose snort could be
heard across the room, but was disregarded by the President. ‘Whadiyar got on
this nuclear facility in Switzerland?’

The President listened while he drummed his fingers on the desk and hopped
from one foot to the other occasionally stopping, holding his groin and
doubling up in a jig familiarised by the Navajo Indians. ‘Oh, right on, Brown.
They’re European and allowed nuclear facilities? They actually have the
biggest, what? Nuclear fusion accelerometer. Hold on, Brown.’

‘Colonel, why haven’t we got the biggest whatever it was he said? You copying
this? Cheers Brown, you all have a good day now. What’s that you say? It’s
night already, well darn me!’

The doors of the office burst open and a breathless Lieutenant ran across to
the President and handed him a gift wrapped package.

‘Mr President, Suh! This nuclear device was found in New York this morning.’

‘Where?’

‘Saks, Fifth Avenue, suh. The National Guard have surrounded the building and
made the area safe.’

The President ripped the paper off the package, tore at the box and tipped out
the latest Rolex nuclear watch guaranteed not to lose a second in five
thousand years.

‘Jeezuz, it’s a time bomb! I need a pee.’

**THE END**

