### DIE LAUGHING by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-03-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A man confronts police with flimsy evidence that his roommate is planning a murder and two chums are caught up in a mass killing while trying to order soup at a restaurant. 

* * *

**"THREATENING" VIDEOS**

**Note:** This segment is written as if performed on a stage.

**Historical note: **On May 23, 2014, a 22-year-old college student named Elliot went on a rampage, first stabbing three of his roommates to death, then driving around his campus town randomly shooting and ramming people with his car, killing three more people and injuring fourteen others. After being wounded in a shootout with police Elliot committed suicide by shooting himself in the noggin. Before the rampage, he had left a series of YouTube videos chronicling his troubles and wrote an autobiographical manifesto.

The scene opens on a young 20-something man with coke bottle glasses nervously
pacing back and forth, rubbing his chin, looking at the ground.

Suddenly there is a knock on the door, off stage.

The man turns towards the door, throwing his arms up in a _Platoon_-esque “oh
thank god” fashion.

“Oh thank goodness, that’s probably the police!” the man says, seeming more
relieved to see the police than perhaps anyone else was in the history of
ever.

He opens the door and lets them in. In walk two cops, one short and fat, one
skinny and tall, akin to Mutt and Jeff or Laurel and Hardy. They both have
handlebar mustaches and are wearing sunglasses despite being indoors. They
remain silent.

“Good afternoon officers!” the man cordially says, bowing slightly as he does,
“now this is going to sound crazy, but my roommate is planning a super duper
mass killing and I have rock solid proof that you should arrest him right
now!”

“Merrff” the fat cop grunts to the other as he rolls his eyes.

“You got any proof? You do need evidence for these kinds of things you know…”
the tall, skinny cop chimes in.

“I’ve got better than proof Mr. Government Man, I’ve got a confession!” The
man rises to the balls of his feet as he points a bony finger towards the
ceiling, confident in his case.

“Well, where it is? By the way Captain Colombo, it can’t be used in court
unless it’s signed or recorded.” The fat cop drawls slowly.

“Oh it is! It is! It is video recorded! By none other than the twerp himself!
We’ve got him, I tell you by jove, we’ve got him!” the man, unable to contain
his excitement, spews, wide eyed, arms spreading like eagle’s wings.

“Well then show us Remington Steele!” the fat cop, highly annoyed, swats at
the man’s flailing arms.

“Follow me if you will gentlemen!” the man motions, the officers waddle as he
leads them to a nearby laptop.

The man takes off his glasses as he sits down at the laptop.

“Don’t you need those to see?” the string bean skinny cop asks innocently.

“Oh no, these are fake, worn for effect, cool beans nowadays!” he twirls them
in his hands as he explains.

“I used to beat up fucking nerds with fucking glasses in grade school.” The
fat cop growls to no one in particular.

The man merely looks at him meekly before turning his attention to the laptop.

“Now officers, feast your eyes on this!” the man self-assuredly lisps.

A video begins to play of a dorky looking guy sitting in his car. His hair is
like pubic hair. He speaks directly into the camera; there is no hint of
sarcasm in his voice.

“Why don’t girls like nice guys? Why? I don’t get it! I mean, isn’t that the
moral of every movie, book, TV show, and comic book ever? That the nice guy
gets the girl in the end? That she doesn’t go with the guy who is a jerk,
because he will be a jerk to her too? Right? What am I missing here? I swear I
wish I could just…WISH this away! But I can’t!”

The dorky looking guy exits the car as he continues to ramble.

“Girls are overly critical, they never listen, they just don’t understand!
It’s not fair! They’re just JEALOUS!”

As he closes the car door, he sees his own reflection in the window.

“Oh look! There’s me! Hey, looking good! I’m so awesome.” The terminal dork-
wad effuses, as he strokes his hair, and pops his collar, continuing to focus
the camera on his reflection in the window.

The fat cop cannot take it any longer! He abruptly slams the laptop closed.

“I think we’ve seen FAR more than enough here!” he groans to his partner,
ignoring the man at the laptop completely.

”Wha-wait! It gets better, I promise!” the man half turns around in his chair
and pleads with the officers.

The skinny cop’s shoulder radio suddenly blares, “We got a code-3 on Melcher
Boulevard, armed Hispanic male, any units in the area, respond if you can.”

Another part of the stage lights up at this part, we see a Hispanic male
wielding an AK-47 assault rifle with a super long 75-round box magazine
attached to it. He is dressed in metallic purple colored leather pants, with a
matching metallic purple leather jacket. He is near bald with only fuzz for
hair; he sports ridiculous bug-eye like sunglasses. He is dancing in place,
waving the rifle, and singing what appears to be gibberish,
“Chaccaroneydagodon nadoneyydagodon Chaccaron Chaccaron nadoneyydadon!” The
spotlight fades off him as he continues on.

Back at center stage the scene continues. “That’s our bat signal,” the fat cop
says as he nudges the skinny cop in the chest with a balled fist.

“Looks like we gotta be getting a move on…” the tall skinny cop says
breathlessly.

The man bolts up from his chair and cusps his hands as if praying. “Please
don’t go, I swear it gets more convincing, wait until you hear what he has to
say about living in Santa Barbara County!”

The fat cop turns around from his previous path out the door, takes one
intimidating step towards the man and scolds, “Santa Barbara County SUCKS! I
know! I live there!”

The shoulder radio on the tall skinny cop screeches again, “Any units within a
ten square mile radius of Melcher Boulevard, please respond, residents are
getting nervous, code-3, armed Hispanic male won’t stop dancing or singing,
doesn’t appear to be singing any particular song. Possible drug and/or alcohol
use involved here.”

The other part of the stage lights up again, the Hispanic man is still dancing
with the rifle, this time singing even louder, more adamantly, “Obedansosay
nonekosay budedai no sayk Badereda nai nosyake sayhoshsai maccaronnosay
yakkano no sya madanunosai!” The spotlight yet again fades on him.

Back on center stage, the fat cop grunts to his partner, “Sounds serious,
let’s double time it!”

The tall skinny cop merely nods.

The man continues to beg, “Don’t go, can’t you just detain him till you get
more evidence? It’s there! I know it’s there! Plus that call is probably a
fake; everyone knows there’s an assault weapons ban in California!” The man is
near tears, pathetic, punching weakly at the air.

The fat cop walks out the door. At the door the tall skinny cop turns around
just to mutter, “We can’t lock up people for no reason, we’re the police
remember?” He then exits through the door and shuts it closed. However, the
door soon opens a crack and the tall skinny cop’s head pokes through, “Oh and
everyone knows that ban doesn’t mean _shit_, even you I bet!” he informs the
man defiantly, his shy, calm demeanor finally breaking. The tall skinny cop’s
head disappears again and the door slams shut a final time.

The man stands center stage, his head down, dejected. He raises his hands up
as if he is about to carry a log, he shakes his head.

“Where are you Mister? Are you with us or just in our minds?” he groans,
beseeching a god he does not believe in.

Meanwhile, the video, which has been playing in the background this whole
time, finally finishes. The last scene involves Mr. Twerp staring straight
into the camera and lifting a hand into view, “Allow me to introduce
you………..to my other half.”

**Trivia:** References include the 2014 Isla Vista Killings, _Disco Godfather_, Terry Melcher, _Platoon_, El Mudo, _Star Wars: Episode II: Attack of the Clones_, _March of the Wooden Soldiers_, _Remington Steele_,_ Colombo_, and hipster-ism.

\--Some of the lines in the YouTube video here were actual lines from the real
life event.

\--In the aftermath of the kerfuffle, people did genuinely question why the
silly YouTube videos weren’t taken more seriously.

\--There IS an assault weapons in California and it DOESN’T mean shit and
Grizzly Adams DID have a beard.

**THE SPECIAL**

**Historical note:** On February 24, 2015, a 63-year-old man opened fire on a restaurant called “Friendship” in a small town in Czechoslovakia, killing eight persons and wounding one other. When police made entry into the building to confront the man, he immediately committed suicide by shooting himself in the dome.

The scene opens on a Czechoslovakian restaurant called, “Animality.” The
restaurant is jungle themed and all the servers are dressed like animals,
though not in a furry kind of way. It appears to be Czechoslovakian in name
only, as it looks done up like the western restaurant, _Rainforest Café_. We
find ourselves at a table with a short fat man and a tall skinny man, perhaps
they are the same pair from the “Threatening Videos” scene, although this
skinny man has no mustache and the squat man seems more jovial, he is smiling
as he looks over a menu.

At other parts of the restaurant an ancient 100-plus-year-old woman is at a
table, a young man with Woody Allen style glasses is reading _Infinite Jest_
upside down, two men sit at a table and one keeps looking at his watch, and an
old man with glasses eats a pancake. The opening notes of the music video for
Funplex by the B-52s plays over and over again from an unseen amplifier. The
tune sounds like mall/elevator music.

A waitress looking like Jenny the Bat from _Bloody Roar: Primal Fury_
approaches our two protagonist’s table. She looks like she is wearing no
clothes and only has a thin layer of brown fur covering certain parts of her.

“What will you two gentleman be having today?” she asks the dynamic duo.

“Ah, I’ll have the soup!” the thin man answers, he sounds like actor Anthony
Perkins.

“I’ll take the special!” The now apparently jovial fat man elatedly says to
the waitress as he hands her the menu.

“One soup and one special for you two gentleman coming up!” She tells them as
she turns away, her bat wings accidentally slapping the thin man in the head
as she goes.

The fat man and the skinny man just sit there looking awkwardly at each other
in absolute silence. The fat man smiles at least, the skinny man’s hair is
messed up from the bat wing.

“What WAS the special?” the bean pole asks his compatriot.

The happy fat man shrugs and strokes his mustaches greedily. “We’ll see!” he
whispers excitedly.

Abruptly, the old man with glasses seated in the middle of the restaurant
stands from his table. He turns towards a passing waitress who is dressed like
a rabbit, more like a white rabbit, not a Playboy bunny. All of the sudden a
silver pistol is in his hand, he points it at the waitress’s chest and shoots
her. Blood stains her white shirt as she falls backwards in a clash of pots
and pans.

The young man with the Woody Allen style glasses looks up from reading
_Infinite Jest_ upside down; he stares at the old man.

“Okay, THAT was an accident!” the young man declares.

Nearby another man with a handlebar mustache murmurs, “Oh I’ve done it again!”

The old man turns and shoots a patron sitting at a table, who collapses dead
into a bowl of soup. Now everyone in the restaurant turns and looks but panic
has not set in yet.

“Okay…..well that was a coincidence!” the _Infinite Jest _reader protests.

The old man rotates and fires into another patron seated at a booth, who also
falls from his chair to the floor. The people in the restaurant just go on
staring, the staff keeps on working.

“That……………is astronomically unlikely but still possible!” the young man
defiantly spits, unable to believe that this could happen to him (it’s always
about him), at this place, at this time, in this century, on this planet.

The old man whips around again and fires into a patron who had just come back
from the bathroom; they fall flat on their face. Some other patrons gasp at
this event.

“No! No! It’s not true! That’s impossible!” the naïve young man screams as it
dawns on him. Finally everyone in the restaurant begins to panic, flee,
scream, throw their food, and dive for cover.

“Noooooo! Noooo!” the young man screeches again as he throws down his book
angrily. The old man fires at the naïve young man, misses him, hits his phone,
but the young man slumps forward dead anyway, as he cannot live without his
phone.

Our protagonists begin to panic as well amongst all the commotion, the fat man
who was previously happy becomes sad and serious, he asks a waitress ducking
underneath a table, “What did he have? What was it?”

The waitress pulls a notepad out from behind her bat wing and looks it over.
“It was the special! He has the special!”

The fat man pounds his fist in a furious rage on the table, “Change my order
to a soup! I want a soup!” The Bat waitress duly notes this on her notepad as
she continues to crouch beneath the table.

Nearby two men hide behind a table, one is still looking at his watch every
ten seconds. “Man, I’m going to be late to work!” he moans to his cohort.

The other man stares at him incredulous, and then reminds him, “Man, you
haven’t had a job in 30 years!”

The man stops looking at his watch, looks at his friend instead, in deep
realization, it comes to him, “Oh yeah, that’s right!”

Off in the distance someone screams, “My baby! My babyyyyy!” as the Funplex
tune and gunfire continues in the background.

Finally, the shooting stops, all is quiet, our two protagonists, peer
cautiously above their table, with just their eyes exposed.

“Tell my wife of 50 years I never loved her!” the old gun-man shouts before
casually putting the handgun in his mouth and shooting himself. The force of
the shot knocks his glasses off and his dentures out. He crumples onto a
table.

Part of his brain matter goes flying across the room like a comet and lands in
the soup of the ancient 100-plus-year-old woman. It lands with a plop and
sends up a little geyser of soup. Despite seeing this, the nearly mummified
woman digs in anyway.

She chews merrily going, “Num, num, num good soup today!”

Our two protagonists, sensing and knowing that the coast is clear, stand up,
they are the first in the restaurant to do so. All is silent; many survivors
peek out at them from under tables, one survivor emerges from under a garbage
can lid.

Our two protagonists simultaneously point at their bat winged waitress and
demand in unison, “CZECH PLEASE!”

**Trivia:** References include, _Spaceballs_, _Mortal Kombat_, _Bloody Roar: Primal Fury_, the _Rifftrax_ of _Reefer Madness_, Uherský Brod shooting, _Wondershowzen_, Funplex by the B-52s, _Monty Python and the Holy Grail_, hipster-ism, _Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back_, 1997 Empire State Building shooting, and _Bloody Wednesday_.

