### Tarzan by alexhadj

**Date Added:** 2015-03-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A young man discovers the social dynamics of a hippy foraging course in the Swiss forest. 

* * *

Jacob was at a train station in the middle of nowhere at an ungodly hour. The
reason? He had signed up for a weekend course in forest survival. Looking
cautiously around him, he noticed a tentative puddle of faces laden with heavy
backpacks. The tribe.

  
Six sweet girls smiled at him. ‘I’m guessing we’re all here for the same
thing’, Jacob smiled, gently.

‘I think so’, one of the girls said, taking him firmly by the hand and
planting a kiss on his cheek. Jacob felt a warm glow. A potential! He turned
to the next girl. ‘Jacob!’ he beamed, this time planting the kisses himself.
The girl blushed slightly. A definite potential!

After this, guys turned up, one by one. They were invariably confident and
charming. The last arrival was Quentin. Hairy and unkempt, with muddy bare
feet, he was clothed in a piece of brown fabric tied around his waist and two
solid necklaces; a pagan pendant and a golden rhinoceros bearing tusks.

Jacob attempted to engage the newcomer. ‘So where did you come from today?’ he
asked.

‘Home’, Quentin replied, gesticulating vaguely over the hills behind him.

The herd gathered and began to walk up the hill. Jacob spoke to most people
there, developing initial bonds and rapport. Quentin was working the tribe in
parallel.

The tribe entered the forest and reached a clearing. As requested by their
leaders, they sat down in a circle to share their hopes for their time
together. The answers were all the same; get in touch with nature, escape
urban living, experience a new way of life, and, most importantly of all,
learn about plants. Then, as warned in the letter sent to all participants in
advance, they were invited to share their new forest names, designed to give
them a new sense of self which was not connected to their previous identities.

‘Nettle’, Jacob said, eliciting a few smiles, much to his delight. A great
name, he thought; a plant at first prickly and painful, but full of iron and
essential nutrients to reward those who make the effort to dig deeper. The
right subconscious message to send to the group.

Quentin’s turn arrived. Cross-legged and hand wandering around his crotch,
Quentin chose his savage and unappealing name. ‘Tarzan’, he belched. The group
laughed and Nettle laughed louder. He’d blown it! He’d exposed himself as a
clown, an unsophisticated cartoon character, not somebody who women would lend
any credence to.

But that presumption steadily eroded.

As the evening came, after everybody had finished putting up their tents,
Tarzan set up a hammock at the top of the highest hillock in sight. Within
minutes, he and Moonshine were swinging between the trees! Nettle, on the
other hand, was struggling to put up his tent. Another girl, Blueberry, came
to offer a helping hand. ‘Have you never put up a tent before?’ she giggled,
before schooling him in the mechanics of tents with a combination of motherly
concern and older-sisterly disdain. Day one and already two girls were lost.
Blueberry would not be interested in a liaison with him now his tent
incompetence had been exposed and Moonshine had been lost to Tarzan’s swinging
hammock.

When he emerged from his ten the next day, Nettle found the tribe gathered
around a fire, preparing a blueberry salad for breakfast. Tarzan was massaging
Moonshine’s neck vigorously.

The group leader called everyone to attention. ‘Tribe, we have come together
on our first night and shared a night in the wilderness. Before we share our
first tribal breakfast, I want us to remind each other of our new identities.
Each person should share the name of the person to their left.’

Nettle gulped. Moonshine’s friend was on his left and he could not remember
her forest name. One by one, the names were recited flawlessly and, as his
neighbour reeled off ‘Nettle’ with effortless confidence, the moment of truth
had arrived:

‘I’m sorry…’ Nettle said.

‘Tannin,’ Tannin said, angrily. Poor memory and poor tribe spirit, not
attractive traits to the opposite sex!

The group leader concluded ‘As a tribe, it’s important that we share our ups
and downs. I would like each of us to share how we feel this morning. Shoot,
would you like to start us off?’

‘I, …. I….I’m sorry’, she said, bursting into tears. ‘I can’t do it.’

Everybody sat in silence, gazing ahead or down at the floor.

‘I just came out of a bad breakup with my ex-husband. I came here to reflect
and move on, but since I’ve got here all I can think of is Tim, Tim, Tim. I
need to see him. My mind is not here, I have to go back.’

‘We must respect your decision’, the group leader responded, raising his hands
in a gesture of benediction. ‘We would be very sorry to see you go, but we
respect your decision and if it is final, we will not put any more pressure on
you’, he said.

‘It’s final’, Shoot wept.

Nettle reviewed the balance sheet. 6 girls: One lost to Tarzan, one lost to
tent impotence, one lost to his unique inability to remember a simple name and
one lost to Tim, the ex-husband who was not even there. In practical terms,
there was now an adverse gender ratio of 2:5 – no more room to stuff up!

The group cleared up breakfast and began the day’s walk. As they reached a new
plant, the group leader would instruct them to touch, smell, taste and
describe their emotional responses to each plant. At various points, they
would stop to collect food. Every time, Tarzan would return with piles of
leaves far in excess of everybody else’s, confirming his role as primary
provider for the group.

As the evening drew in, the tribe returned to base camp for a few hours of
relaxation. Tarzan went to cut wood for the fire and each cut was accompanied
by a guttural groan. Nettle instead turned to building much-needed alliances.

Ox was an interesting character. An artist by trade, he travelled the world in
search of adventures and stories. Amongst his many interests, martial arts
featured strongly. He had tried boxing, muay thai, jiu jitsu, tai chi and
pretty much everything else that the urban world offered.

‘Can you teach me some?’ Nettle asked.

‘Of course’, Ox replied.

And so it was that the two spent the hours that passed throwing punches,
shoving elbows in the paths of fists and locating quite excruciating pressure
points.

‘You’re a quick learner’, Ox said. Nettle felt content at his progress and
well equipped to ward off rivals. The session had reached a natural pause when
the sound of a flute playing a familiar tune drifted across the forest.
‘Grub’s up’, said Ox, and the two of them returned to the tribe for dinner.

The evening’s meal was an unsurprising affair; a salad, consisting of leaves
collected during the day and a broth containing the same ingredients. The
person to Nettle’s left was served first. Nettle took a deep breath. This
process was an exercise in patience and equanimity. ‘You will get food
eventually’ he told himself, breathing in gently once more. Service moved to
the left, meaning Nettle would be served last. He breathed out, in a Zen
fashion.

Unfortunately, Nettle had chosen the seat upwind from the tribal fire. He was
starving, but finally his turn to be served arrived. He picked up his plate– a
large leaf – and passed it round for it to make its way to the server. By now,
the post-dinner chatter was in full swing and loud testimonies and
incantations accompanied the crackling fire, impeding communication. Nettle
noticed a blockage! His leaf was lying stationary on the floor, only halfway
towards the server. And, to his horror, looking through the smoke, he noticed
that Tarzan was helping himself to seconds already – huge, gargantuan
fistfuls!

‘Tarzan!’ Nettle shouted. Tarzan seemed to be ignoring him. ‘TARZAN!!!!’

Tarzan looked over. ‘What?’

‘Sorry, but I noticed you were eating seconds and I haven’t had any food at
all yet’, Nettle said, exasperated.

Tarzan turned to the group. ‘Where’s his plate?’

The group leader began scraping the saucepan with a fork, in a desperate
effort to produce a meal from what was stuck to the sides. Tarzan grabbed the
plate and assumed the role of server. But as he was placing food onto the
leaf, Nettle saw him take one more giant mouthful from what little remained,
stuffing it into his mouth. Unbelievable!

By this stage, Nettle was famished and simply grateful that the leaves had
arrived, but Tarzan was getting to him.

After dinner, the group were sharing their most embarrassing stories. Nettle
chimed in. ‘I have a really embarrassing story, but it’s quite long. Do you
want to hear it?’

‘Yes’, the group leader said. ‘Please share your tale with us.’

‘I was out clubbing a few years ago –‘

BELCH!

His story was interrupted. Tarzan had let out the loudest and most guttural
digestive burp – at once, the group was in hysterics. Nettle felt disgusted
and hoped that the womenfolk would share his aversion. But to his horror, the
mood was the opposite!

‘Wow that was shocking’, Tannin said to him. Yes, the words were of disgust,
but the eyes told a different story – she looked over and they seemed to
exchange some kind of knowing glance. No! Terrible! Lust had been kindled in
her by that grotesque expulsion of unsavoury gas, itself a product of stolen
food! Nettle had had enough.

‘I don’t think I can top that’, he said.

‘No, continue your story’, Moonshine encouraged him.

‘Oh I can’t really remember anyway’, Nettle confessed. ‘It wasn’t that great a
story.’

As he got up to traipse to his moonlit sleeping bag, Nettle saw an
unmistakable look of something in the eyes of Lettuce, one of the few
remaining potentials. It contained a sense of disappointment that he was
leaving, but as he smiled, the warm smile which she returned to him indicated
that there might still be hope.

The next morning, the familiar flute gently coaxed Nettle out of bed. The
blueberry breakfast was almost served. To Nettle’s dismay, Tannin was
engrossed in receiving a neck massage from Tarzan. Nettle sat next to
Moonshine, who seemed to be a likely ally in this situation.

‘How was your night?’ Nettle enquired.

‘Ah, Nettle! Did you sleep well? I slept very well – my boyfriend called me up
last night and we sorted out our differences. I’m really glad. He and I were
going through a rough path, but this distance has given me perspective – so I
slept happily.’

‘That’s good’, said Nettle. ‘I’m glad for you.’

He didn’t know what to think first. Her pretence and rank hypocrisy, her non-
acknowledgement of her exploits with Tarzan or her violation of the explicit
no phones rule! Outrageous! And Tarzan had relegated Nettle to the role of
agony aunt to his former conquests.

Just before they set off for the day, Nettle noticed a missing tribe member.
‘Springbok’s not here’, he said.

‘We’re aware of that,’ said the group leader. ‘She will rest today.’

Moonshine turned to whisper in his ear: ‘That time of the month….’

Balance sheet update: there was just one potential left and that was Lettuce.
But maybe she, after all, was the one.

The foraging began, but a few minutes in, Nettle got a tap on the shoulder,
from Ox. ‘Do you want to come and get garlic?’

‘Could be good!’ Nettle responded.

‘It’s me, Swampy and Tarzan’, he added.

Tarzan would be a nuisance, but this had the potential to be a genuine
adventure. The garlic was located on the sides of a steep hill, which
descended into the valley below. Obtaining it called for a show of courage and
strength. ‘I’m in!’

‘Come on then’, Ox said, hurrying him down a side path. As they upped their
pace, Tarzan and Swampy could be seen ahead, swaggering towards the garlic.
Eventually they reached the precipice. The descent was really steep, in parts
almost vertical – and only a few isolated trees and rocks offered respite from
the long slide into oblivion.

Dispensing with all unnecessary accessories, the crew began the descent. It
was an uncontrolled sequence of inevitable sprints between tree trunks, which
were grabbed with desperate fists. Nettle was about fifty metres down when
Tarzan began his charge.

‘Rock!’ he roared.

‘Quick! Move!’ Swampy warned.

A medium-sized rock, initially kicked by Tarzan, was gathering pace, jumping
down the hill. Despite Nettle’s efforts at dodging it, it landed with a crack
right in the middle of his shin. ‘Ow!’ The pain was excruciating. He looked up
to see Tarzan already moving on to his next tree. No apologies.

Nettle was carrying all the garlic collected in a small pillowcase. This added
to the level of the challenge.

After a few more rounds of running down the hill and grabbing all the garlic
in sight, it was time to begin the ascent.

‘Are you OK carrying that bag up?’ Swampy asked.

‘It’s OK’, Nettle replied.

Tarzan gestured at his belt. ‘I can attach it here.’

‘No, it’s really fine’, Nettle replieds.

‘It’s going to be too hard to carry up’, Ox interjected. ‘Tarzan’s belt is
probably the best option.’

And with that, Nettle handed over the pillowcase full of garlic to a
triumphant Tarzan, who led the march back up the hill.

When they got back, the newcomers joined the tribe circle in chopping, cutting
and peeling. Then, Tarzan made an announcement:

‘I’ve got a surprise for you all!’

Everybody looked over at him.

‘Garlic!’

Tarzan raised the pillowcase of garlic in the air victoriously, and the girls
looked at him with joy and adoration. Nettle, Ox and Swampy exchanged brief
glances of disdain.

Nettle was engrossed in conversation when Lettuce emerged from her tent and
joined the circle. Everybody was now seated and the group leader invited tribe
members to share their ideas for the final day. Lettuce plucked up the courage
to speak:

‘I think we should start the day with some yoga. I can teach the basics.’

Tarzan barged in: ‘I’d love to learn some yoga from you, maybe some more
advanced stuff as well…..’ he said, leering at her invasively.

Lettuce made a panicked glance over towards Nettle, as if to say ‘Save me!’
Nettle decided that it would soon be time for

Tarzan to be taught a lesson!

When dinner was over, the group leader convened a sharing circle.

‘As you know, time has flown by and we’re coming to the end of our brief
sojourn together. So I think it’s a good time for everyone to reflect on their
experience here and share their thoughts on the past few days – what you
liked, what you perhaps didn’t like, what you will remember.’

Each participant followed this up with a brief discussion of how much they
enjoyed the beauty of nature, the company of their tribal companions and how
they really felt that they had connected with everyone and hoped to stay
friends forever. Tarzan limited himself to ‘I’m happy.’

Finally, Nettle’s turn arrived.

‘Well, I’d like to echo what everybody has said so far’, he began. ‘However, I
feel I have to make one additional point.’

The group listened up.

‘I’m not going to name any names, but there is one person who I have found
living with extremely difficult over these past few days. This person has
acted in an arrogant and brutish manner and I think that he or she has totally
failed to get into the team spirit of this adventure.’

The group leader raised his hand to bring a moment of peace to proceedings:

‘Living together’, he said, moving his head sagely. ‘Living together. Thank
you for your honesty, Nettle. Yes, this trip is a time to learn about and
reflect on those relationships which perhaps are not so easy for us. I am
grateful to you for bringing up this theme and appreciate your maturity in not
naming names. Let’s do a brief exercise to share our feelings on the tricky
theme of Living Together. Everybody here should give one positive and one
negative adjective about living together. Then we can bring our meeting to a
close by holding hands and singing a group chant.’

‘It’s me!’ Tarzan stood up. ‘He’s talking about me.’

‘Come now, Tarzan,’ the group leader said. ‘Nettle could be talking about any
one of us. In some sense, he might even be talking about the difficulty of
living with himself, such is the tricky nature of living together. Perhaps you
would like to offer your adjectives first, Tarzan!’

‘Bullshit!’ Tarzan said. ‘It’s obvious. I have established myself as the alpha
male of the pack and Nettle resents me. But instead of challenging my
dominance like a man, he hides behind the group.’

There was a shocked pause.

‘I said I would not name names’, Nettle said ‘but clearly you think that
description matches you, so maybe you can learn something from it.’

‘I knew it!’ Tarzan said. ‘Come on then! Are you going to do something about
it or just sit there like a coward?’  
Nettle thought for a moment. He had never been in a fight before, but he was
in the wild, after some basic martial arts training and with a direct
challenge from a morally inferior opponent. If not now, when!

‘Go on then!’ he said.

Nettle stood up and faced his opponent.

‘There must be a better way to solve this’, the group leader protested.
‘Violence is never the answer!’

‘Don’t worry’, Nettle said. ‘I take full responsibility for any injuries I
suffer.’

‘Me too’, Tarzan countered. ‘I take full responsibility for any injuries
Nettle suffers!’

The two stared at each other for a moment, before Tarzan tore off his t-shirt.
With a battle roar, Tarzan charged, headlong at Nettle’s belly. Nettle had
barely had time to position his elbows, as Ox had instructed him to in
preparation for a punch, before he found himself winded, back on the floor,
with Tarzan pinning his arms down and sitting on top of him.

In that moment, before Nettle had time to say anything, Tarzan quipped to the
group ‘I think I can feel his erection.’

At once, the entire group was in hysterics. Tarzan stood up, victorious.

‘I don’t have an erection’, Nettle protested, staggering to his feet. And as
he went to demonstrate his innocence, the girls in the group squealed
unanimously. He looked across at a sea of joyously entertained faces. Even the
group leader was chuckling. He picked out Lettuce’s face in the crowd. He saw
her trying to hold in a laugh out of politeness, but then it burst out into an
uncontrollable giggle, triggering another round of laughter in the group.

After the laughter had finally come to an exhausted end, Nettle made his exit.
‘This has not been my day’, he said. ‘I’m going to call it quits. See you
tomorrow’, he said.

‘Rest well, Nettle’, the group leader said. ‘I look forward to seeing you
bright and early tomorrow morning.’

Nettle was just about to sleep when he was woken by a torch in his eye. It was
Swampy and Ox.

‘It’s our last night,’ Swampy said ‘You can’t sleep now. Come with us, I
promise you won’t regret it.’

‘This way’, Ox said, as Nettle groaned out of bed. They made their way to a
clearing. ‘Have you ever made fire with your own hands?’

‘Take this’, Swampy said, passing him a small block of wood, with a stick
drilling into it, which could be manipulated with a bow. ‘You have to push
down on the stick whilst moving the bow back and forth. Use the full arc of
the bow.’ Nettle began. It was exhausting. ‘Don’t stop. NEVER stop’, Swampy
cried in encouragement.

‘I can’t!’ Nettle said, giving up in despair. ‘Can one of you do it?’

‘No!’ Swampy said. ‘I’ve already done it loads of time. Ox as well. It’s your
turn, we’re relying on you.’

‘OK, one last try’, Nettle said.

‘That’s the spirit!’ Swampy beamed, setting up the contraption once again.
‘Remember to use the full arc of the bow.’  
Nettle began again. ‘That’s it’, Ox said. ‘That’s the movement. Now start to
apply pressure downwards.’  
Nettle began to apply downward pressure on the stick.

‘Take deep breaths, stay relaxed and keep going’, Swampy said.

Nettle gave it one final burst of energy.

‘Don’t stop!’ Swampy cried. ‘NEVER stop!’

‘Damn!’ – The stick flew out of the h0le in the wood.

‘Sorry guys’, Nettle said, apologetically.

Swampy shone his torch into the hole.

‘There is something’, he said. ‘Blow, blow!’

Ox and Nettle began to breathe onto the wood and a small amount of smoke
appeared.  
‘Long, slow breaths’, Swampy said.

Suddenly, the wood at the bottom of the hole was alight.

‘Here’, Swampy said, taking a bundle of dried plant matter and dropping the
flaming cinders onto it with a stick. Meanwhile, Ox was hurriedly building up
a pile of firewood.

‘You’ve done it’, Swampy said. ‘I knew you would.’

Within minutes, the fire was ablaze. They sat down gazing at the fire, sharing
a proud moment of success.

‘Now for part two’, Swampy said.

‘What’s that?’ Nettle asked.

‘Deadly nightshade!’ Swampy beamed, his face briefly taking on a demonic
character. ‘I collected a few leaves earlier today, thought it might be a good
treat for the final night.’

‘The effects are pretty cool. You get pretty strong hallucinations, even if
you just chew one leaf’, Ox added.

‘You just chew it’, Swampy said, handing him a leaf. ‘My friend was
hospitalised after two-and-a-half leaves, so I think we should stick with one
– this is quite a small one.’

‘Fuck it, why not’, Nettle said.

And with that they began to chew.

They had consumed the leaves and settled down when Swampy brought up the topic
of Lettuce.

‘That Lettuce girl is really into you’, Swampy said. Ox concurred.

‘Really?’ Nettle asked.

‘Yes, she won’t stop talking about you.’

‘And she’s pretty fit’, Ox added. ‘Good job!’

‘I don’t know about that now though’, Nettle said. ‘After today’s incident
with Tarzan.’

‘Well, you never know’, Swampy said.

Nettle began to notice that people’s voices were slowing down and that perhaps
he had been staring at the fire more intensely than usual. It seemed to be
changing colour; red, green and purple. He kept seeing faces, especially
Tarzan’s, in the flames.

‘Tarzan really is a dick’, Nettle said.

‘There’s a reason we didn’t invite him tonight’, Swampy replied. ‘But
everybody is the way they are for a reason.’

‘What do you mean?’ Nettle enquired.

‘I’m feeling really nauseous’, Ox interrupted. ‘I’m going to reduce the
dosage.’ He put his fingers down his throat to induce vomiting.

‘That is what you should do if it gets too much’, Swampy said.

‘What were you saying about Tarzan?’ Nettle asked, after the bout of vomiting
had concluded.

‘We both knew Tarzan before’, Swampy replied, ‘but we wanted to give him a
fresh start.’

‘Wow’, Nettle said, not sure whether he was surprised by what they were saying
or the way in which their faces were warping in the firelight.

Ox continued: ‘Tarzan was in the year below us at school. When he was about
seven, his dad abandoned him and really soon after, his mum committed suicide.
He grew up with his gran and developed lots of the mannerisms of an old lady.
Plus she dressed him in a really uncool way, so he basically looked and
behaved like a complete dork. All the kids used to bully him, call him
granny’s boy and stuff like that. I guess he’s just trying to reinvent
himself. We didn’t want to hold him back on that journey.’

‘Poor guy’, Nettle said. ‘That’s really awful.’

‘I know’, Ox said. ‘He’s still a dick though, obviously.’

Nettle closed his eyes. He kept seeing visions of a hanging mother and a young
Tarzan crying. He began to feel nauseous.

‘I think I’m going to do a vomiting thing’, he said, as the earth started to
feel as though it was swinging on a pendulum.

‘Knock yourself out’, Swampy said.

And with that, Nettle stuck his fingers into the back of his throat and
triggered the release of the noxious contents of his stomach. He felt
cleansed, somehow. And so Nettle drifted to sleep by the fire, feeling he had
learnt a lot about himself and about Tarzan and about his new found friends.

When the familiar flute woke him the next morning, Nettle was cold, shivering
from the dew which permeated his body. Besides him, he could see two bodies
stirring, but couldn’t make out faces.

‘My vision is a bit blurry’, he said with an air of panic.

‘Don’t worry’, came Swampy’s voice. ‘You will have some trouble with short
range vision for three or four days, but it’s only temporary.’

‘If you need to do any studying in that time, though, I find a joint gives you
your vision back for a bit’, Ox said.

Nettle laughed nervously as they made their way to base camp, collecting their
belongings on the way. As they arrived, Lettuce’s promised yoga session was
coming to an end. The group leader handed the latecomers a handful of
blueberries

‘Quick breakfast today’, he said, ‘then a quick walk to the station and we
should be back in civilisation by midday.’  
Nettle wolfed down his blueberries and slung his bag over his shoulder. He and
Tarzan avoided looking at one another. The walk begun and Nettle approached
Lettuce.

‘Sorry I missed your yoga lesson’, he said.

‘It’s OK, Lettuce replied. We were wondering where you’d got to.’

‘Oh, we were just camping out in the forest’, Nettle replied. ‘Me, Ox and
Swampy.’

‘That’s beautiful’, Lettuce smiled.

‘Maybe we could swap contact details and catch up in the real world’, Nettle
ventured.

‘I would like that a lot’, Lettuce said, smiling again.

When they reached the station, there was a moment of pause, before they
contemplated departure. Nettle had his own train to get, different to everyone
else’s, so this was goodbye to everyone. One by one, he hugged his tribe
brothers and sisters, wishing them well and inviting them to visit him
anytime. Finally, the time came to say goodbye to Tarzan. Tarzan tried to
ignore him for a second, but Nettle would not let him.

‘Tarzan’, Nettle said.

‘Yes’, Tarzan said, turning around slowly to face his foe.

‘Take care – tribal leader!’

Tarzan was momentarily stunned.

‘Thanks! You too!’

Tarzan grabbed Nettle and embraced him with such force and warmth that Nettle
felt winded again. The unwashed armpits, accumulated sweat and assorted
hormones and pheromones added to Nettle’s already intoxicated state and, as a
result, he felt dizzy and disoriented throughout the train ride back to
civilisation.  

