### CRAP THROUGH A GOOSE by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-03-04. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A Union soldier encounters a peculiar squad of Confederates and a grumpy British Colonel is a little bit TOO lusty for glory in the Falkland Islands 

* * *

**DEFINE IRONY**

The scene opens on a lone Union soldier during the US Civil War (1861-1865);
he is trooping along, leading a captured goat by a lanyard. He has a typical
ridiculous 19th century mustache and appears young. The scene is set at night,
along a dirt path in a typical American eastern seaboard wood.

He speaks out loud to himself, giddy with excitement “Man wait till the boys
back at the regiment get a load of this! A goat! A Confederate goat!”

A small twig breaks off in the distance. The soldier looks in the direction of
the sound temporarily before switching his attention back to the stubborn
goat, who has to practically be yanked along down the path.

Out of the darkness of the woods comes a voice, “Freeze motherfucker!”

The Union soldier looks around, startled. He sees nothing but the dark woods
all around him.

“Who goes there?” he asks the eternal darkness.

A rustling of bushes and breaking of branches is heard, slowly a squad of
black soldiers emerge from the woods, bayonets and rifles pointing at the
soldier.

“We do motherfucker, now drop the goat!” the leader, a sergeant, demands.

The Union soldier lets out a sigh of relief, “Oh thank the Lord! Negro troops!
I tell you, you had me going there for a minute, but by golly, I’ve never been
to glad to see a Negro in all my life!”

The black soldiers do not lower their rifles, the sergeant maintains his scowl
and grunts, “We ain’t whistling Dixie! Let the goat go!”

After moment of thinking the Union soldier goes, “You know, come to think of
it, this is the first time I’ve ever seen a Negro in person. Don’t have much
of ‘em up there in Maine! You men sure were quiet! I didn’t even see you!”

One of the soldiers reminds him, “Of course you didn’t, we’re black! We blend
in perfectly out here, hence we were chosen as scouts.”

The Union soldier shakes his head, “Ah, well, makes perfect sense! What outfit
are you Negroes with?”

“Mahone’s Virginians! Don’t you forget it!” the sergeant growls at him.

The Union soldier is incredulous. “Mahone? That’s a Confederate outfit, and
you Negroes can’t be Confederates!”

“Hey, sure we can! We’re wearing gray are we not?” the leader points out to
him, trying to get through.

“That wouldn’t make sense though! You Negroes can’t own slaves!” The Union
soldier is having a major mind-fuck at this point.

“Hey Yank, some of us own slaves…..in fact everyone in our regiment does! Why
do you think we’re out here?” the leader protests, his status as a proud
slave-owner insulted.

The Union soldier can’t believe what he is hearing, his eyes are wide, the
ends of his mustache uncurl and stick straight out, he shakes his head, he
manages to stutter, “But that wouldn’t make sense! You’d be going against your
own kind!”

“Hey Yank, I like my slaves!” one soldier declares.

“Yeah, I’m keeping mine!” another chines in.

A third adds, “I’m not giving mine up till General Sherman comes marching down
the main street!”

The Union soldier can’t wrap his mind around it, he pleads with the men on the
verge of tears, “Don’t you realize what you’re saying? Don’t you realize what
you’re doing?”

The leader knits his eyebrows angrily, then defends the group’s stance, “Don’t
you be judging me Yank, in case you forgot, work SUCKS!”

The Union soldier nods, “Work sucks! I agree, but don’t you want to fight for
freedom? We have freedom in the North for everyone! Pure, unadulterated
freedom!”

The leader scoffs, lowers his rifle just to snicker at his squadmates,
“Freedom Yank? Freedom? So tell me how much more free an 11-year-old girl
strapped to a sewing machine for 16 hours a day with no safety rules or
regulations or union representation or worker’s rights at all and whose
paycheck is measured in pennies has than an slave in the South? Tell me how
much more freedom a coal miner working in hazardous conditions with no safety
equipment, procedures or checks at all, living in company housing, getting
paid in company money, and buying groceries from the company store has  
than a slave on a plantation? Don’t give me that freedom poppycock Yank!
You’ve got slavery up North too; you just call it something different.” The
squad lowers their rifles and claps politely at their leader’s poignant
speech.

“Oh yeah? Then what do we call it?” the Union soldier, still not getting it,
defiantly inquires.

“Industrialism! Now put your hands up in the air! You’re a prisoner now, and I
don’t want to hear another word out of you till you get to Andersonville!
Plenty of your friends there! And tell ‘em a Negro Confederate captured you!”
the leader finishes, pushing the man into position in front of a squadmate’s
bayonet point.

They start walking back to their camp; one black Confederate soldier brings up
the rear, stringing along the now compliant goat.

“How ironic to be captured by Negro Confederates…” the Union soldier muses to
himself.

The Confederate soldier behind him jabs him with the bayonet point. “Shut up,
that’s not ironic, that’s just unfortunate!” he grumbles at him through
gritted teeth.

**Trivia:** References include _Disco Godfather_, Sabrina Matthews stand-up, _The Killer Angels_, and _Remembering the Battle of the Crater: War as Murder_

\--There were black Confederate units in the US Civil War.

\--There were many black slave-owners in the South.

\--One black slave owner DID declare that he wouldn’t give up his slaves till
General Sherman came down the main street.

\--Many Union troops HAD never seen a black person in their life.

\--Andersonville was a notorious Confederate prison.

\--Mahone’s Virginians was a Confederate unit; after the war Mr. Mahone
founded a political party that among other things, helped black people attain
political office and civil service positions.

**Your Goose is Greened! Or Colonel H and the Quest for the Holy Ridge**

**Historical note: **On May 28, 1982, during the Falklands War at the battle of Goose Green, Lieutenant Colonel Herbert “H” Jones decided to lead a charge against an enemy position which had previously chewed up and spit out two waves of British paratroopers. Only a few men obeyed Colonel H’s hasty order. Colonel H was quickly shot by an Argentinian machine gun. When he stood up and continued his charge, he was shot again and killed. He was awarded the Victoria Cross (the British version of the US Medal of Honor) in what one of his squadmates called the “most controversial VC of all-time.” A rescue helicopter sent to retrieve Colonel H was subsequently shot down and all on-board killed.

Our scene opens with our hero, Colonel H, the stalwart, martinet commander of
a battalion of the 2nd Parachute Regiment of the British Army, angrily looking
off into the distance. He is standing bolt upright while every soldier around
him is crouched down or lying prone. Colonel H also wears a maroon colored
beret and his dress uniform while every other soldier wears a helmet and is
dressed for battle. He turns to his good friend and company commander Mr.
Wood, who looks like Mr. Bean/Rowan Atkinson.

“We need to take that ridge Woody!” he points off into the distance at it as
machine gun fire chatters in the background; it is rainy and misty out.

“H, we can’t do it without support, the last two waves made about as much
progress as an asthmatic ant.” Woody grimly protests.

“Ah I’ll get you support Woody, now take that bloody ridge! I’ve waited 20
years for this moment, I won’t be denied! Get a move on!” Colonel H seethes as
he gestures for the troops to move out.

“Ah, yes sir! One Argy ridge coming right up! Come on men! Have at you!” Woody
waves his arms and he and his men move out, half crouched but running forward,
guns pointed out.

“Good.” Colonel H grunts. He grabs the phone from his radio operator, a young
man who looks to be just past puberty. “Gimme that!” he growls as he snatches
the phone from his hand.

“Alright you wankers, we need naval gunfire support on that ridge now!”
Colonel H orders into the phone.

A meek voice answers, “Sorry sir, Pippa’s Pooper is jammed, someone dropped a
jelly donut down the pipe, she’ll be out of commission the rest of today.”

“A what? A jelly donut? Fucking useless Navy! I’ll jam YOUR Pippa’s Pooper
alright.” Colonel H mutters under his breath, disgusted.

He bends down and presses some buttons on the radio as the young operator sits
helpless and afraid.

“Okay flyboys, time to earn your keep, we need airstrikes all across that
ridge NOW! Like yesterday! Get a move on!” Colonel H commands into the phone
once again.

A voice on the other end answers, “Sorry sir, we can’t! There is fog out
there!”

“What? But your aircraft are supposed to be all weather!” Colonel H asks
incredulous, not believing his own ears.

“………….but there is fog out there!” the voice on the other end whines.

In a fit of rage, Colonel H takes out a knife from a sheath on his hip cuts
the phone off the cord and tosses it away.

“What now sir?” the young operator inquires of him as he reels in the now
useless cord.

“I’m sure HQ is working on it, they’ll have reinforcements on the way.”
Colonel H reassures himself as he looks off at the continuing assault of Woody
and his men upon the ridge.

A cut away here reveals several British generals and admirals standing around
a table. They all have traffic cones on their heads. The table is actually a
giant arcade machine and the main general sports a walrus mustache and is
playing _Space Invaders_ on the machine. His little spaceship moves
horizontally across the bottom of the screen spewing white dots as a slow
moving block of enemy ships gradually closes in. The other generals watch
silently.

Back on the ridge, the situation has not improved. Woody and his men lumber up
the ridge in cumbersome combat packs as Argentinian machine guns flicker from
all over. Several men fall dead and wounded and then……..Woody falls down dead
himself!

“Woody…..Woody…..Woody nooooooooooooo!!!!” Colonel H screams as he watches
from a distance, the attack faltering and Woody’s body rolling down the ridge.

“Oh I’ve done it again!” one young nearby paratrooper moans.

“Shut up! Go and change your trousers!” Colonel H comes back to his senses,
blazing mad, wanting revenge, he scolds the soldier.

“I warned you! I warned you!” another soldier with mutton chops says to no one
in particular, all are now staring forward at the ridge which continues to
light up like strobe lights at a disco-tech.

“Oh shut up! Shut up!” Colonel H rebukes the mutton chopped soldier.

Colonel H bends down picks up his Sterling submachine gun which looks like a
stormtrooper blaster from _Star Wars_, then looking around at the crouching
and prone men, orders at the top of his voice, “Right! Charge!”

Colonel H takes off towards the ridge screaming. A few soldiers follow, also
howling like demons while the rest stay put, wanting to die old men
apparently. Among the soldiers who follow are the young radio operator who is
now madly clapping two coconut halves together, his official second job if the
radio ever failed. Another soldier is Colonel H’s personal bodyguard who is
now seriously regretting his job choice as he is carrying a rifle and the
battalion colors (a bright red flag that reads, “Shoot here! Go on! Try it!
You know you want to! Right here! Shoot!” Another soldier is the youngest
member of the regiment a 17-year-old young buck. He sprints after Colonel H,
but pauses to kneel down, take out a notepad and cross off “Make a glorious
charge in battle” off his to-do list, among other entries crossed off are “See
a human female pussy (hairy or non-hairy),” "Push the little daises and make
'em come up," and “Meet James Bond (George Lazenby does not count).” Among the
entries not crossed off are “Beat the Queen in _Pong_” and “Get on Top Gear
when that becomes an actual thing.”

Colonel H and his merry band continue running forward, yelling over the din of
battle. Colonel H kneels down to check the magazine on his Sterling submachine
gun, it feels rather light. The young coconut halve clapping radio operator
varies his pace accordingly. Colonel H pops out the mag and a little note
falls out that reads, “It’s only a model….sorry, signed Margaret Thatcher.”

“Bleeding hell!” Colonel H spits as he stands back up and continues charging.
Suddenly a shot tears into his stomach, he collapses to one knee, so does the
radio operator although he is not hit.

“Rush on boys! Tis but a scratch!” Colonel H urges, pumping his arms in the
direction of the blinking ridge.

Colonel H’s bodyguard, the young buck, and the battalion drummer fly past. The
drummer is banging out a crazy drum solo on his single drum. The solo even
includes cymbals although none are present.

Colonel H drags himself to his feet and plods forward, only to be shot again,
this time he falls flat on his face, muttering, “Okay, how about we call it
even?”

The young radio operator claps away back to friendly lines and makes a
neighing sound like a horse when he reaches them. The other charging men,
startled by the wild “horse” running off, all instantly and separately come to
the conclusion that the best path in life is to be a wheat farmer, they ditch
all their combat gear, sit down in a shell crater, plant a popcorn kernel,
then all gaze listlessly at the ground waiting for it to grow as the war
continues to rage unabated around them.

**Trivia:** _Spearhead Assault: Blood, Guts and Glory on the Falklands Frontlines_, _Monty Python and the Holy Grail_, _Sod That for a Game of Soldiers_, _Was Colonel ‘H’ a mad fool?_, _Mr. Bean_, _Independence Day_, the _Dare to Be Stupid _music video by Weird Al, _Blackadder Goes Forth_, _Star Wars: A New Hope_, _Space Invaders_, _Pong_, _James Bond_, _Top Gear_, Pippa Middleton, Ween, _Love and Death_, and light gun arcade games.

\--Some of the dialogue here Colonel H did say in real life (i.e. the 20 years
bit)

\--Many of the events to take place in this bit, did happen in real life (i.e.
the naval cannons jamming)

\--The stormtrooper blaster was modeled after the Sterling submachine gun

\--George Lazenby does NOT count

\--Someone told me Margaret Thatcher did send troops into battle with no
ammunition

