### SUSPICIOUSLY MOIST TOWELETTES by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-03-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The Illuminati experience trouble trying to rig the Super Bowl and former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein gives a unique closing argument while on trial for atrocities in Iraq. 

* * *

**THE SUPER BOWL IS GAY**

Our scene opens on the Illuminati watching the American National Football
League Super Bowl from one of those expensive sky box stadium suites. The
Illuminati are all wearing their secret society official uniform, a brown
hooded robe. One Illuminati, seated in the center of them all, is wearing a
black robe, he is their obvious leader. Among the Illuminati members watching
the game are a Maian (essentially a Grey alien), a man with a skull for a
head, a man with a lizard head (similar to Reptile from _Mortal Kombat_), a
fat goofy middle aged guy with a turkey neck, a 1980s stockbroker type guy
with slicked back hair and suspenders over his robe, and a nerdy looking
poindexter with orange hair and thick coke bottle glasses. This last man has a
tag on his robe that says, “Hi, I’m new!” The man in the black robe appears to
be extremely old, possessing wispy white hair, a horribly wrinkled face, and
glowing yellow eyes.

Also in the room, seated at a nearby table, are a group of young and middle
aged men dressed normally and looking quiet nervous. Walking about the room
are two female Shokan. Shokan are six or six and a half feet tall, have three
fingers on each hand, four arms, and two toes on each foot. The female Shokans
wear red leotards with a revealing V-slit down the middle; have punk rock
style hair, and red eyes. The new guy looks at them apprehensively as they
pass by.

“I don’t know about these women man, I mean, four arms? Come on!” the new guy
whispers to the skull head.

The skull head looks offended even though he does not have a face to show that
he is offended.

“Man, just you wait and see, women with four arms are WAYYYYY better than
women with two arms. They’re going to rock your fucking world! Don’t be
speciesist! Lighten up!” the skull head scolds him.

The game is almost over, the one football team, the New England Idiots has
been pushed back to just before their end zone, their lead is slight, if the
other team scores, they will surely lose. The Seattle Shitheads are on the
offensive, they are behind in score but less than ten yards from the goal
line, all they have to do is cross into the end zone and they’ll win, the New
England Idiots won’t have enough time to get the ball back and score. Also to
the advantage of the Shitheads, they have the best runner in the league on
their team, Hugh Blackman, whose name the announcers constantly mispronounce
as “Huge black man.” They do this despite Hugh Blackman actually being an
albino from Nome, Alaska.

At this critical juncture, the Shitheads head coach makes the foolhardy
decision to pass the ball instead of run the ball in with Hugh Blackman. The
Illuminati members up in the sky box immediately react in disgust, they
planned this game and control the National Football League, how the fuck could
this get by them? Nothing gets by them! Not even the price of yogurt!

The head Illuminati looks around the room, he removes the ear bud from which
he was listening to the game on, turns around in his rotating silver cup
shaped chair, and demands, “Which one of you wrote that?” His voice is old and
gravelly and his tone is one of terminal annoyance.

He points at the table of ordinary looking men who are now not only anxious,
but shaking in their seats and sweating profusely. One of the men is Our Hero
(OH) a chubby, middle-aged doofus; he is shaking so hard his gullet jiggles.
However, is not him who is the guilty party…………this time, at least.

A man stands up from the table and states defiantly, “I did, sir!”

The lead Illuminati knits his eyebrows, trying to remain calm, knowing he
can’t unleash his full wrath in such a public place without concocting a good
cover story to fool the easily fooled, perpetually naïve public.

“A pass play at the goal line? When Hugh Blackman is their running back? At
this stage in the game? That is quite noticeable! People will notice! If this
blows up, it will be on you!” the lead Illuminati grills him, shaking his
bony, wrinkled pale fist at him. When he is done with his rebuking, he puts
his ear piece in and turns back to the game.

The man sits back down, hanging his head in shame. He goes to cusp his hands
in prayer, but then remembers the Illuminati told him as part of their new
hire orientation titled, “So You Want to Work for the Illuminati/Everything
You Know is Wrong” that there is no God in the universe and the closest thing
to a God is television, so he merely shoves his hands back in his pockets.

The pass play goes forward, is promptly intercepted by the New England Idiots,
the game clock runs out, and the Seattle Shitheads lose the Super Bowl.
Fireworks pop and confetti falls as the Illuminati members all pull their ear
pieces out. The leader, now seething with rage, turns to the condemned man in
his silver cup shaped chair.

“What the FUCK was that?” the leader rages, throwing his ear piece on the
floor.

The man stands from the table again and tries to sound confident, “Sorry, sir,
doing my best!”

The leader notices that the man is cross-eyed. He turns his cup shaped chair
to his fellow Illuminati and asks of them, “Who made that man one of our
scriptwriters?”

The three foot tall Maian steps forward from behind a taller member, answering
through telepathy since he doesn’t have a mouth, “I did, sir! He is one of my
Ukrainian supermodel mistresses’s nephew!”

The room is dead silent as the leader mutters under his breath, then
reprimands him, “Well he is an asshole! Didn’t you notice he is cross eyed?
You’re an asshole too!”

The Maian hangs his big round head in shame and admits via telepathy, “I did,
sir! Despite my eyes just being black sockets, I did see that! But, but…..the
Ukrainian supermodel was really hot! In an Earth-girls-are-easy kinda way!”

The leader growls, “Pathetic. Don’t you know women with four arms are where
it’s at? You should try one sometime, they’ll rock your FUCKING world!”

The Maian thinks to himself, alone in this thoughts, “I don’t even _have _a
cock….”

The chair buzzes as the leader turns to the 1980s stockbroker Illuminati guy.

“You! Execute order....hmmmm..........six! Yes, six! I want you to do to this
cross eyed freak what you did to those who did the deflated footballs thing a
few weeks ago!” he orders him, pointing a frail finger at him.

“Yes, sir! But…uhhh…we haven’t done that THING to those guys yet, had a
scheduling conflict with renting the building. These things happen you know…”
the stockbroker reports drolly.

The leader sighs and puts his head in his hands. He stays like that for a few
seconds before looking up at the stockbroker again. He grunts, “Fine! Then
when you do that THING to the deflated football buffoons, make sure this cross
eyed cornball is in the room with them and he gets the THING done to him too!”
He points over his shoulder at the cross eyed man as he explains the plan to
the stockbroker guy.

“Yes, sir! Consider it done! They’ll be wishing they were John F. Kennedy’s
body double by the end of the week!” the stockbroker announces to him,
bragging in way.

The leader scoffs, and smiles a little, remembering that past operation.

Meanwhile the skull head man has taken the new guy by the arm and is
introducing him to one of the Shokan ladies.

“Courtney, right? Hi, I’d like you to meet our newest member, this is Stick
Stigler.” The skull head relates to one of the Shokan women.

“Nice to meet you Stick, my name is oyigjhvnhf, but everyone calls me
Courtney. What makes you so special?” The Shokan woman cordially says to the
duo.

“Ah, Stick here invented the edible popsicle stick! They even taste good! Made
him a billionaire overnight. Now we can poison people even when they enjoy
tasty frozen treats. You’ll like him, he’s NEVER been with a four armed woman
before.” The skull head says, laying out Stick’s credentials, he nudges the
Shokan woman after finishing that last sentence.

“Oh really?” Courtney the Shokan questions, raising her eyebrows. She grabs
Stick by the arm, her grip is absolutely vice-like. Stick looks uncomfortable.

“They say your first time with a Shokan woman is something you’ll always
remember, like where you were during the Moon landing……………which was fake by
the way.” Courtney coos to Stick.

Stick looks weak, helpless, and like he is about to pass out. He smiles coyly
at Courtney as he begins to sweat.

**Trivia:** References include, _Perfect Dark_, _Mortal Kombat_, _the Star Wars_ saga, _Wall Street_, Deflate-gate, the 2015 Super Bowl, _Dexter’s Lab_, Stick Stickly, _Popcorn Pandemonium_, _Earth Girls Are Easy_, Hugh Jackman, _Spaceballs_, Weird Al, JFK conspiracy theories, the National Football League, the _Hour of our Time_ with Bill Cooper, Andy Milonakis_, Offensive, a comedy_ (also on this site), _The War to end all Bores_ (also on this site), Mr. Plinkett's review of _Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith_, and _Network_.

\--The Super Bowl in 2015 did go down like this

\--Women with four arms ARE where it’s at

**IF THE INVASION DOESN’T FIT, YOU MUST ACQUIT **

Our scene opens on packed courtroom abuzz with idle chatter. It is the final
day of the trial of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. One side of the
courtroom includes members of the press (including a _Duke Nukem 3D_ Enforcer
representing the “Universe Press,” various Kurds, George “Dubya” Bush, George
“Poppy” Bush Sr., Dick “Head” Cheney, Colin “The Colon” Powell, Condi
“Cunnilingus” Rice, Tony “I don’t care” Blair, the President of Poland (who is
playing a Game Boy), Osama Bin Laden disguised as Mr. Potato Head, and
supporters of radical cleric Muqtada Al-Sadr, who hold up green foam #1
fingers with an M on them and pictures of professional wrestler Stone Cold
Steve Austin with Muqtada’s face super imposed over Austin’s face. These
supporters repeatedly chant, “Muqtada! Muqtada! Muqtada!”

Two US marines in their snazzy dress uniforms are also on the “against Saddam”
side. One is a sergeant, the other a corporal. They managed to get leave from
their battalion commander so they could finally witness the fruits of their
labor. They can’t wait to see Saddam held accountable for his crimes and
hanged high for them. This is like Christmas morning to them. The corporal is
bald and has piercing blue eyes and a southern accent. The sergeant sports a
military buzz-cut and has one goldish colored eye and one brown eye, he looks
like picturesque marine. The sergeant jokes to the corporal, “Before the war I
asked these Kuwaiti girls in Kuwait City if they liked sex….they said they
like it infrequently. I said, is that one word or two?” The corporal cracks up
at the joke cackling, “Hee, HEE, hee HEE!”

The other side of the courtroom, Saddam’s side, is mostly empty except for
various Iraqi men in orange prison jumpsuits, an ancient couple (determined to
be Saddam’s parents), and Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, decked out in his best,
most gaudy military uniform adorned with medals. One of the men in an orange
jumpsuit manages to hold up a sign with his handcuffed hands that reads,
“Saddam 3:16.”

Colonel Gaddafi asks Saddam’s parents how they met, during his cordial
chitchat with them.

“We’re cousins!” They reply in unison holding up their clasped together hands.
Colonel Gaddafi chuckles at this.

Saddam is dressed in an orange tuxedo like from the movie _Dumb and Dumber_
and sits next to his defense attorney, a young American naval judge advocate
general (JAG) who looks just past puberty and is only five feet tall.

The jury is composed entirely of persecuted Kurds even though Kurds are an
ethnic minority in Iraq.

The judge bangs his gavel on the sounding block and orders the court to
attention. The judge is old, southern for some reason, and wears thick
glasses. “Ya’ll shut up now!” he commands.

The courtroom falls silent immediately.

“Mr. Hussein, please present your closing statement to the members of the
jury. Then the jury will deliberate, reach a verdict and deliver your death
warrant….I mean….totally fair, unbiased sentence.” The judge instructs him.

The young JAG goes to rise from the table, but is stopped by Saddam. Saddam
instead rises and starts to approach the witness stand. The young Jag passes
him a stack of papers as he goes by, then leans back in his chair and begins
playing _Tetris_ on a bomb-damaged Game Boy.

Saddam silently plods to the stand and takes a seat. It’s so quiet you can
hear a pin drop.

“Whenever you are ready Mr. Hussein, you have the floor, try to keep it
short.” The judge advises him.

Saddam glances down on at the papers the JAG gave him. They have a prepared
speech on them. He reads it mutely to himself. It reads:

“Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, the US and its allies have attacked my
country without just cause, they killed my people, they destroyed our
infrastructure, they’ve wrecked our economy, they caused our museums to be
looted, they’ve knocked out our electrical grid, they’ve contaminated our
water supply, set neighbor against neighbor, created a power vacuum that
someone MUCH worse than me will eventually fill, and sacrificed trillions of
their dollars and hundreds of thousands of their best citizens through death,
injury, and disease mental and physical………and……..and the joke is on them, I
did not have any weapons of mass destruction.

I could have built a nuclear reactor………..but I didn’t.

I could have had chemical weapons facilities all over the country…………but I
didn’t.

I could have constructed an atomic bomb and fired it at Israel…………….but I
didn’t.

I could have attacked my neighbors Iran and Kuwait again…………..but I didn’t.

I could have done it all………but I didn’t. Why? I just didn’t.”

Saddam skips down to the end of the page, somehow the speech ends with, “And
that’s what I wanted to do, remind you all of the LOVE that came looking for
YOU, so long ago, way back when I first took office in July of 1979.”

Saddam sighs and stuffs the papers underneath the stand. “Sounds like some
crap from a Christian movie….what was my lawyer thinking?” he mutters in
Arabic to himself in a hushed tone.

Saddam, prepared for this contingency, has a better plan. He reaches behind
his back and pulls out an acoustic guitar. The courtroom is stunned; the two
marines are smiling wide and trying to hold in their laugher, they just know
Saddam’s goose is cooked.

Gently and gradually Saddam starts strumming out a few notes, and then begins
to sing in perfect, accent free English:

“No one knows what it’s like

To be the bad man

To be the sad man

Behind blue eyes…”

The courtroom is shocked beyond comprehension at first, none more so than the
two gung-ho marines whose jaws are agape.

Saddam continues the song, singingly beautifully playing every note perfectly,
looking around the courtroom as he does so.

The courtroom, person by person, begins to break down, first looking sad, then
outright weeping. Even the Kurds, even the judge, and of course, every member
of the jury. Colonel Gaddafi’s tears leak out from underneath his aviator
sunglasses. The only two who don’t weep are the incredulous marines; instead
they grip each other by the collar of their shirts as their expressions change
from shock to outrage to horror to mind-fucked to the nth degree.

Saddam finishes the song full of emotion,

“No one knows what it’s like

To be the bad man

To be the sad man

Behind blue eyes…”

There is not a dry eye in the courtroom as those last notes ring out, except
for the two marines of course. They continue to grip each other’s collars in
complete mindfuckery of whats going on. In their minds, they repeat to
themselves reassuringly, “No way, no way, he is still guilty, I don’t care how
nice he sings, we invaded this country because the world is going to be a
better place without him (Sidenote: see how well that worked out?), God
please, no, give him a guilty verdict, he can’t walk, he just can’t!”

Wiping the tears from his eyes and taking off his glasses, the judge turns to
the jury. “Jury members, you have your instructions, please inform the bailiff
when you’ve reached a verdict.” He tells them, his old southern voice breaking
as he does so.

The tearful jury looks around at each other, whispers a few things to each
other, and then murmurs something to their jury foreman. Many of them are
still crying and wiping tears away. The jury foreman stands up and defiantly
says to the judge through his man-tears, “We don’t need to deliberate your
honor, we have reached a verdict, this man is INNONCENT of the charges against
him, we say NOT GUILTY to all 78,695 charges laid by the prosecution!”

The jury foreman takes his seat again and him and the rest of the jury share a
group hug as they cry together.

The bewildered marines snap back into reality with the words, “not guilty.”

The sergeant howls, “Nooooooooooooooo! Noooooooooooooo!” He sounds like he is
doing a spot on interpretation of Luke Skywalker after learning Darth Vader is
his real father (spoiler alert). He swings his arms skyward as he yells before
collapsing to the floor dramatically and curling into the fetal position.

The corporal’s head starts shaking madly, violently, his whole head and scalp
turn a bright red. His eyes roll back into his head and he has a brain
aneurism. Blood runs out of his nose, eye lids, and ears. His body falls
backward onto the bench and he goes into a coma, which he has still not
emerged from.

As Saddam leaves the stand and walks down the center aisle, his supporters
applaud him with a standing ovation. The Muqtada supports rip up their signs
as tears streak down their faces, mad at themselves for being so stupid.
Colonel Gaddafi gives him a “thumbs up.” Even George Dubya and George Poppy
smile at him as he passes by and walks out the large oak courtroom doors a
free man.

George Poppy turns to George Dubya and earnestly says, “Welp, guess he isn’t
too bad a guy….”

**Trivia:** References include American WWE professional wrestling, _Duke Nukem 3D_, Behind Blue Eyes by the Who, _Dumb and Dumber_, _Tetris_, the Nintendo World Museum, _Barheads_, _Jackie’s Joke Hunt_, _Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back_, _Three Kings_, _The Waterboy_, _My Cousin Vinny_, _The Perfect Gift_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, _Trash Humpers_, the trial of Saddam Hussein, and the Iraq War. 

\--Saddam Hussein’s parents were cousins

\--Part of Saddam’s prepared speech is actually from a Christian movie

\--The Muqtada chant was done at Saddam’s execution

