### The stink of fish. by joshua10

**Date Added:** 2015-03-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Di Hayden strong investigates a body in a pond. 

* * *

“How bloody much? I’m not paying that.”

“But we agreed,” said the slender and vivacious blond haired woman he’d chosen
to feed his sexual needs.

“I know, but I’ve finished well within the hour.”

“Is that my fault?”

“Yes, I told you to slow down it was bloody coming.”

“It’s my job to make you.”

“Fucking hell, I’ve been here five minutes……”

“Are you going to pay me or not…….?”

The Red Cow 16:58pm:

Swanson was letting go of his bladder that had been pounded all afternoon when
the DI appeared in the toilet doorway.

“When you’ve done your flies up Swanson, drink up and fetch the car. I’ve had
a call from HQ that an eagle-eyed member of the public has phoned in about a
body.”

Swanson gave it two shakes and followed the DI's erratic path towards the car
before realising the obvious:

“But sir, you haven’t got a phone?”

“Shut it Swanson. I haven’t got time for your silly jokes. Just get in and
bloody drive.”

“But I’ve been drinking sir and so have you.”

“Fucking hell Swanson do you ever stop moaning? Just get me to the scene of
the crime.”

“Where is it then?”

“The pond at back of the express Tesco. A woman, so they told me.”

“Any other details sir………….?”

“Well Swanson, the caller said she looked like a right slapper,” said the DI
unable to suppress a smirk.”

The Pond.17:45pm:

They arrived to find the bottom half of the body submerged in the pond’s green
algae. Swanson’s stomach stirred when he saw the body forcing him to empty the
ten pints he’d necked since lunch-time next to the rotting corpse.

“When you’ve quite finished Swanson get her out of there, she’s done enough
swimming for today.”

“What about forensics?” asked Swanson wiping away the residue of vomit.

“They’re not swimming with her Swanson you dick, now pull the bitch out of
there!”

Swanson gripped the hands of the bloated Woman and pulled.

“I can’t move her sir; can you give me a hand?”

“Sorry Swanson, dead bodies give me a rash, just give it some welly.”

Swanson pulled again, but in his effort to remove her he slipped and fell on
top of the woman.

“Bloody hell Swanson didn’t know you felt this way about her.”

In desperately trying to free himself, Swanson inadvertently caught the
woman’s bra exposing her breasts.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to….”

“You’re a dirty bastard Swanson. Still, at least you’ve pulled a proper woman
at last not like those uni girls you normally go for. Shame she’s dead
though.”

“I think you’re a cunt sir!”

“Thank-you Swanson for that obvious observation. Now, I reckon you’ve got
about ten minutes before the team arrive, should give you and your beloved
enough time to get a little more intimate………..”

“Fuck off sir.”

“Good idea Swanson. I’ll grab forty winks in the back of the car, oh and don’t
forget Swanson, to wipe your dick on the grass afterwards; you don’t know
where she’s been!”

