### my pant's on fire by jojowas

**Date Added:** 2015-03-31. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

I'm full of shit. I've always known that somewhere deep in my heart and colon.
Chronic liar that I am, at times I forget what I said or rather lied about.
Then that makes me, not a good liar at all. Well because I have also a
telltale sign of laughing. Yeah that's right. Laughing. I laugh when I
lie..... to my woman only. Only her. I'm her Pinocchio. It grows about six
inches when I lie... down there between my legs the North Pole comes up
Phoenix rising....! Yup, she knows I'm lying my ass off. So she plays with me
going along with this fantasy of Inquisition. The torture ..... oh how
terrible you're my queen, why you're so wicked! ....she just holds my shaft
very lightly with her right hand and ........and that's it! Damn her to hell!
She can be so sadistic at times I just go limpity limp. As if I was gay and
was offered some sushi. I just have to laugh at that.

So sometimes she laughs with me, or maybe she's laughing at me. Either way she
knows I'm lying. Yeah, it's fucked up. I don't know why I can't control my
laughter.....

Come to think of it just now, I realize I also tend to laugh at an inopportune
moments. Such as the time when I was working in a warehouse with this ass
kissing brown noser named Bob. Someone whom I do not like at all but I pretend
to be his friend, is that a frenemy by the way? Anyway, he happened to slip
and fall on the hard concrete floor. Hitting the back of his head with a big
...THUNK! .....OOOH OUCH! Because we were clowning around wrestling, yo-no,
men acting like boys when the boss isn't around. What Bob didn't know was that
my body was lying. Yes, torso can lie also. I made it like it was an accident
...... but... it wasn't. So he's laying supine on the floor moaning in
complete agony. Writhing like an emaciated maggot as he turned over and faced
the floor clutching his throbbing swollen fucked up head with both his hands.
Looking like he's getting arrested on the ground with his hands up but to me
he really looks pathetic as a squashed insect. Like a dead cockroach. And I
was like, "...uh Bob, you okay...buddy ....uhh, are you alright..... he he
he.....oops....." I had to clap my mouth shut with my hand to muffle my
laughter.

So I went to my doctor for this problem and he said it was time for my yearly
check up anyways. And guess what? Right. I was laughing at the most
inopportune moment with his finger up my ass.... !

