### Cheap Fred's Bakery 1 by tmiles

**Date Added:** 2015-04-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A (maybe)pilot for a TV show. A bakery/breakfast spot, the odd customers, and odder staff (not finished and not coming out well.....I'll try again later to not just make a cheap copy of Mel's Diner) 

* * *

Cheap Fred's Diner

J. Todd Miles

_I've been fooling around with this story for years. Cheap Fred's was
originally a travel agency, but how many towns even have a travel agency
anymore? I've considered a real estate office, a restaurant, and even a
hardware store location. All of the locations have been used by other writers,
but I hope that you will think that the people of Cheap Fred's are original._

The scene opens with a smoking exhaust pipe. Zoom out to a beat up Caddy
convertable, in a lighted parking lot, and then to the ground near the door to
see a patent leather man's shoe step out. Pan up the guys body.......creased
pants, phony silk shirt, fat belly, gold chains on a chest of half gray hair.
The face is pock marked with a Fu Man Chu dyed a fake looking black. The white
guy has a short afro, again,in a silly black color. Barry is really impressed
with himself, but nobody else is. He walks to the door of the restaurant, and
walks in and turns on the lights.

An over made up middle aged woman is applying lipstick in her rear view
mirror. The other hand is on the wheel with a cigarette. She steps out of the
car. Heels, nice legs, too short skirt, tight top and an almost white blond
wig. She has worked with Barry for almost a year. She loves to annoy him (and
may even love him). Kristie has dated all comers for the last year, except
Barry. He asks her every day, and she turns him down......a running joke. It
is funny to everyone but Barry.

"Hi Barry", she says. "You look like hell. Did you spend all of your time and
money chasing the unobtainable last night?" "A loser like you should settle
for a loser, I just come in to torture you so that you can see the quality
that you will never get, each and every day" "It will be your lucky day that
you date me", says Barry. "Lucky for you, maybe, but dumpster diving for
me",she says.

The rest of the staff comes in. Gina, the young pretty single mom who takes
advantage of Barry, Jose, the undocumented cook/dishwasher, and Billy, the
trade school intern who had hoped to be placed at a "real" restaurant, and
ended up here.

"Well, looks like we have a full staff for a change", says Barry. "Lets get to
work and see if we can stay in business." A young cop comes in for coffee, but
really to see Gina. "Officer Pettis", says Kristie,"We see you once a week and
then Gina starts working here,,,,,do you come twice a day now because the food
got better?" (flash to Gina, who blushes). "The food has never been good",
says Pettis. "I got a report of rats running away, and wondered if I should
call the Board of Health, or the EPA!" "The coffee is hot, though, so that
should kill any germs" He sits in front of Gina, and says,"So can you find a
babysitter for Friday?", and Gina says that she can't really afford it.
Kristie pipes up,"I'll do it for free, honey", and Barry says,"That's not all
you do for free", to which she replies,"Free for everyone but you, Mr shoe
polish hair". "Pick you up at seven?", says Pettis. "No, six. I want to be
home by 8 so that Kristie can still go out" "With me", says Barry. "Anybody
but" says Kristie.

A truckdriver, Bill stops in. He is a regular, and always flirts with the
girls, but nothing more. He is married and his favorite topic is the kids.
Kristie says, "Hi handsome!!, The heart attack special?" "Not today, honey,
I'm running late, just coffee and and egg sandwich, to go, please". Kristie
replies that rushing around as he does will kill him before Barry's food does.
Bill says that Barry's food is better than she gives him credit for. "Thanks
Bill, you are a real gentleman", says Barry. "And you could take some lessons
from him , Brillo Head" laughs Kristie.

Tony , the night baker comes out and says, "see you tomorrow". "I made a few
cream puffs filled with chocolate cream, try to remember to push them". "Any
bismarks?" asks Kristie. "Yup I remembered to make a few today", comments
Tony. Bill, on his way out, buys one of the new cream puffs. "At least I know
it's fresh" he says. "Smart" says Kristie. "Tony makes great stuff, but Barry
never throws out the stale stuff if he thinks a sucker will buy it" "you are
getting stale yourself" says Barry.

A young guy in a short sleeve shirt and a tie walks in. "Hi,!!! I'm Kyle, your
new rep from SYBSCO!!, Is Fred here?" Kristie says that Fred has been dead for
years, and only a few of the oldest customers remember him. She goes on to say
that Kyle must be really new, because the last she knew, Barry was not happy
with SYBSCO and didn't use them. "Well, I'm here to change that" says Kyle,
"We have the best prices, and deepest inventory of any bakery supplier
around!!, I'm a pastry school grad, myself, and I'm here to help with new
ideas, as well as supplies." "Well" drawls Kristie, "With all that service,
you probably expect to get paid, and Brillo Head over there is not known for
paying bills" Barry yells over that he gets his supplies at Sams Club, because
they are cheaper. "Well, I'm beat for now, but I'll be back.........I'll buy
one of those bismarks before I go" He leaves chomping on the bismark, but when
he gets to his car, he stops eating it, ans puts it into a plastic bag, and
then into a cooler.

"Well, he seemed nice" commented Kristie. "They will use him up, and spit him
out,,,,,, he will be gone in a year" said Barry. Kristie asks how he knows,
and Fred says that he worked for SYBSCO when he got out of the Navy. "I never
saw the pink slip coming", says Barry. "So you thought that you were a hot
shit, but they thought that you were a cold turd!", laughed Kristie, but when
she saw the hurt in Barry's eyes, she said,"I'm sorry, Barry, I see why you
don't use them" "I should have stayed in the Navy, I'd be retired with a
pension now, instead, I'm broke and will have to work until I drop". When
Kristie comments that he owns the bakery, he laughs,"When I gave the bank my
payment yesterday, they waived the late fee. They know that if they forclose,
they will take a big loss, so they keep me hanging on." I'm sorry mumbles
Kristie, but he just rants that he doesn't need her sympathy. After a few
moments of stunned silence, everyone finds something to do, so that they don't
need to talk.

An older guy comes in, and Gina exclaims,"Hi , Oscar!!!, Coffee regular?".
Oscar says to add eggs and toast, because he has not had breakfast yet. "I
used to get breakfast here every day when I was working", he mussed.
"Retirement is not all that it is cracked up to be!" Another customer pipes
up,"How would you like to deliver auto parts 2 mornings a week? One of our
drivers just quit. If I tell the boss to hire you, I'm sure that he will. It
only pays minimum wage, but it gets me out of the house, and I love it" When
Oscar says, "Maybe", Todd calls his boss, and says,"I've got a friend who will
do Bart's old job, OK!, thanks, bye".

