### very bunny to me by jojowas

**Date Added:** 2015-04-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

I HAVE TO VENT ( has nothing to do with easter actually ) so here's my
FART.............!

...... it all began with a conversation about Easter but it really was about
something else......

I told my girlfriend, "You know I don't believe in that shit, I'll never
attend your church, babe." She's Baptist. Fuck her and her family. Her and her
brothers and sisters like to party on Saturday nights and wake up early in the
mornings for church with a hangover every week, go figure. I'm strictly
pothead these days, no more cocaine and cocktails, so I don't go to
bars/clubs......

"What the fuck's the point?" I would say. Then she'd get sassy with me with
her self-righteous attitude.....Fucking hypocrite! Glad to tell me I'm going
straight to ............"HELL!!!!"

"Yeah, whateva, babe. You say you don't talk to no one but just have fun
dancing with your girlfriends, and that's it, huh? And I'm just suppose to
believe you, just like that, well fuck that shit! But you know what....... I
like bunnies."

....throwing a curve ball, a non sequitur.... ( later on, you'll figure it
out, viewer. why I accuse her of infidelity, maybe to cover my track, lol )

"...huh, what? A bunny? You mean the Easter Bunny....."

I love to fuck with her head as well as I enjoy fucking her. Love, sex or just
a blowjob, it's all the same action to me. Cause my dick's in it, all three
cavities. I'm full-filling her dreams of achieving orgasm.....and SHE LOVES
IT!! Some women never experience it, really? Is that true? I wouldn't know,
I'm a dude...... guess your man needs Viagra.

Okay,

I do.

I do admit to knowing about women unable to achieve orgasm, sometimes.

Because if she don't get her nut, then too bad!

I had mine, and I'm going to sleep, goodnight my dear......zzzzzzzz

Anyway, I enjoy throwing a curve ball, a non sequitur, in our attempt to
communicate in a civilized manner without breaking dishes, they cost money.

"No babe, not the Easter Bunny, but the eggs are good. No. I'm talking about
real rabbits actually. I'm thinking of my next hustle...."

"Hustle rabbits? Is it something like scrapping metal thingy, it better be! I
know you mister, you better not be dealing.....

........and then she throws her own curveball, probably a slider, trying to
hit my nuts, to get back at me about questioning her night out earlier in the
convo, even though I know she don't cheat, lol.......

"So where were you yesterday? You left your phone laying on the bed, so I
can't keep track of you...."

( ...oh shit, here it comes......bitch...)

"Huh? What the fuck you talking about .... oh that.... well I forgot..... "

"I've heard that one before, I'm not playing Mr. *** , I'm serious, don't lie
to me. Last night I come home to an empty bed with your phone laying next your
pillow, your lucky I didn't find anything.....!"

"Of course, I figure that......Okay I'll tell you the truth....I honestly
forgot to grab the celli coz I was in a hurry coz Dave and his Cuz Ray Ray and
you know his brother Johnny, well they told me about a scrap job up over there
at that mote....uh, by that strip joint.... well the owner's going to sell it,
but first he need to remodel shits that need fixing and he needs us to clear
all the junk out. Mostly metal so that's what I did all day....."

She's looking at me with her left eyebrow raised, almost arched like a
question mark. And her head slightly tilted to the right as if to see inside
my head better at a different angle. And she cuts me off,"And so after all
that was done, then where were you all night? That's what I want to know, Mr.
*** !"

"Well you ain't letting me finish my story, don't interrupt me, dammit woman!"

.....She knows I can get real mad, so she backs off a bit....

"So like I said earlier, all of us worked that shit all day long going back
and forth to the yard, cashing in on the metal, and also we got paid for trash
removal. And then well, you know we got us some money and so we got sum beers
and some weed and some stuff...."

"I thought you quit messing with that stuff, oh no you didn't...."

"Yeah I did it, I fucked up. It's just that it's been a long time babe, and I
figure it won't hurt to do it just for one night. And just because we worked
hard and wanted to celebrate, yono, have some fun. And all we did was just
play cards, gambling, you know that babe. It ain't like I haven't done it
before staying up all night at Ray's and playing poker, come on! I just
crashed at his house...That's all I did! You can verify everything with
Sharlene, coz she was complaining she couldn't sleep with us boys getting
loud, getting drunk talking smack as someone's losing and some's winning,
yono, boys being boys. I was with my boys. And then Ray Ray, maybe becoz he
was losing money, but he was mentioning about how much motherfucking rabbits
there are in the hood...."

Now she's looking at me with her arms crossed on her chest and an expression
like sucking on lemon narrowing her eyes and spoke muffler, "Mmm Hmm..."

"And that's why I mentioned the rabbits for. Because we were discussing some
other hustle we can do to further expand our operation, like selling rabbits.
And yeah I try to tell you this shit 'til you cut me off. So I'm talking about
selling rabbits for real! I'm serious! Coz at Ray Ray's hood there are rabbits
everywhere. Jumping around all over his backyard, his neighbor's yard, the
front lawns and just about anywhere in his town. In fact, I've even ran some
over, that's how much rabbits there are over there...."

She's rolling her eyes, "So let me guess, you're going to...."

"That's right babe! I'm gonna trap all them Night of the Lepus sons of
bitches, and sell them to pet stores or butcher shops. And I know Chinese
restaurants would buy it, and even some shady French restaurants, well, I
don't know if there's such a thing as cheesy French joint, but you know what I
mean, right?" I mean I'll be making good money and all, and .....Shhhhh....
I'll even sell it to coat makers, okay...... so that's what I'll be doing with
Dave and the boys tonight....."

"Whatever Mr. Elmer Fudd!"

She say that shit, Mr, every time she's doubting me like one of her favorite
idols in the bible, st. thomas ( I hate religion, so no Cap on Proper Noun ).
I don't blame her, for I'm a habitual chronic liar, I told you that in a blog
that I laugh when I lie.....

And ya know whaddafok I say to counter block that feministic shitty attitude
of not believing in her man like jesus h. christ ...... ?

I say "YOU DON'T SEE ME LAUGHING DO YOU?" with a straight Poker Face, yeah I'm
a river rat at Foxwoods.......

"Bwa ha ha ha ha !!" .......I fucked up

And then she sees my bluff.

I lose.

She wins.

It sucks.

I'LL BE SLEEPING ON THE COUCH TONIGHT.

Hey yono it's one of the most toughest things to do..... you know how hard it
is to control laughter when you're about to burst? Well let me the fuck tell
you this....... it was like doing stomach crunches standing up .... All this
beautiful six-pack abs I got is the reason why I'm still with her today, oh,
and I do like her, little bit.....

mainly her baptized cunt, it's so fresh and so clean!

