### LET�S GET READY TO REDBOX RUMBLE! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-04-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** After an attempted shooting at a movie theater, movie theaters are banned and everyone is forced to use Redbox. Of course, this creates problems much bigger than the shootings-in-theaters problem! 

* * *

**_Let’s Get Ready to Redbox Rumble! _**

The year is 2015………and a half. After a shooting spree at a movie theater in
the United States, in which no one was killed (as a result of the gunman using
birdshot shells for his shotgun), the public outcry to ban movie theaters was
massive. After all, this was the third shooting in a movie theater in the US’s
238-year-old history (unless you count President Abe Lincoln’s shooting, but
that wasn’t a movie theater, but a play theater, big difference)….and that’s
WAY too much! Even ONE is too many! The typical post-tragedy witch hunt began
but this time with a vengeance.

The public was truly fed up, but they couldn’t blame the gunman for his
actions since holding people accountable for what they do had fallen out of
fashion recently (so had punishment and responsibility). Plus the gunman was
in a coma as a result of an attempted suicide via birdshot blast, forgetting
of course, that birdshot is only lethal to birds. Then they tried blaming all
the usual suspects, violent TV, movies, video games, soda pop, anti-
depressants, the Iraq War, lobbyist groups, political parties, religion or
lack thereof, bullying, the school system, the healthcare system, the media,
the parents, YouTube, the Internet, coffee, energy drinks, a lack of hugs, a
lack of “likes” on StupidBook, being picked last in gym class, bad pizzeria
service, size, the big dipper, the nookie, One Direction splitting up, George
Bush, Barack Obama, Saddam Hussein, Osama Bin Laden, Dennis Rodman, Oprah,
various inanimate objects, Barney the purple dinosaur, mayonnaise (sidenote:
watch out for mayonnaise), and at long last, life itself. So after an
exhaustive public debate that lasted all of one day and featured much crying
hysterics from easily excitable middle-aged soccer moms, a solution was
reached…ban movie theaters forever and switch everyone over to using Redbox,
those ubiquitous red movie/video game vending machines. There could be no more
movie theater shootings if there were no movie theaters, right?

In the space of a week every movie theater employee was fired, put on the
public dole and every movie theater was torn down. It wasn’t long before big
problems with the whole “ban movie theaters” idea became apparent. Huge lines
for Redbox machines formed, hundreds of people long. People waited hours or
even days to get their lame movies. New releases were always short in supply
as everyone wanted to see them. Redbox machines ballooned to the size of
minivans, meaning businesses just couldn’t plop them in front of their stores
anymore. Movie rental prices skyrocketed to match previous movie theater
prices. People began stealing Redbox machines like they steal ATMs. Machines
would often break down and jam from their high rate of usage. And, of course,
riots, fights, and other mayhem and fraud became common in Redbox lines. Oh
well, at least there was never another shooting in a movie theater, right? At
least fear and irrationality won the day and people everywhere stood down and
declared in one unified, strong voice, “I WILL be easily intimidated! I WILL
inconvenience myself and everyone else forever over the statistically
microscopic chance of tragedy! I WILL let a few bad apples ruin the whole
harvest!” God Bless America!

We find ourselves now observing a line at a Redbox machine, the line is so
long it stretches over the horizon and over several hills in the distance. The
people at the back have set up tents and campers. The people in the middle and
at the back look bored, languid, hopeless, sad, defeated, an infantry unit
that was just mustard gassed in World War I era Flanders has better morale and
higher spirits than them. The people at the front of the line act normally,
self-concernedly, going about life as usual, unaware or uncaring of those
miserable people in line behind them. The person at the machine itself is
baffled by the selection of movies presented to him, which include:

**Expendables 4**: Type, action/satire. Plot: An undercover Chinese sleeper agent (Jet Li) and two hired mercenaries (Alona Tal and Tom Jane) finally outfox the Expendables. Tagline: The Expendables finally get expended! (Also on this site under the story _Expendables 4 _by XavierJets)

**Expendables 5:** Type, action/satire. Plot: Mr. Super Killer (Tom Jane) and Dawn Hassprung (Alona Tal) reunite and travel to what passes for Syria nowadays in order to free Mr. Super Killer’s goddaughter from captivity in the Islamic State. Tagline: They’re just like us! (Also on this site under the story _Girl Meets Frein_ by XavierJets) 

**Zero!!!!!!!:** Type, action/unintentional comedy. Plot: Infamous fighter pilot Sabur? Sakai continues to fly and fight for the Emperor despite losing an eyeball in battle. Tagline: I only have one eye, it’s for you! Where you go?

**Super Blooper**: Type, big budget disaster/monster movie blockbuster. Plot: A giant squid attacks a major city with flailing tentacles and sprays of ink. The monster is only seen on-screen for ten seconds after two hours of build-up. Tagline: Bloop there it is!

**Killer Sex Drive**: Type, action/comedy. Plot: A socially awkward teen recruits his female best friend, douchebag best friend, and war veteran older brother on a quest to meet a girl he’s been talking to online. Things go haywire/take a hard left turn, fast! Tagline: We goin’ dowwnnnnnnnn! (Also on this site under the story _Killer Sex Drive _by XavierJets)

**Rollertoaster**: Type, suspense/unintentional comedy. Plot: An “average joe” ride inspector must help police stop a mad bomber from detonating another bomb on a rollertoaster filled with helpless slices of bread. Tagline: You’re toast!

**Hambo**: Type, action/Christian/religious movie. Plot: Gulf War Part One veteran Hambo (Jefferson Moore) is forced to take up arms again when the federal government attacks the peaceful religious community he is living with. Tagline: He hoped there was never another war, he was wrong!

**There Are No Virgins in Foxholes**: Type, adult/mature. Plot: The female commander (Alona Tal) of an otherwise all-male Israel Defense Force army platoon wants to make sure no one in her unit is a virgin before they head off into the Gaza Strip because she believes virgins in foxholes are bad luck. Tagline: Not on her watch! (Also on this site under the story _Expendables 4 _by XavierJets)

**Juno….Beach!:** Type, comedy/hispter comedy. Plot: Perpetually pregnant teenager Juno (Ellen Page) accidentally steps through a wormhole and finds herself going ashore with the Canadian Army on June 6, 1944. Tagline: She’s back and without her hamburger phone!

**We Were Angry!:** Type, action/unintentional comedy/typical Vietnam War movie. Plot: The commander (Mel Gibson) of an American airborne unit finds himself surrounded by a division of North Vietnamese troops, but more troubling to him is his wife who keeps calling him in the middle of the battle. Tagline: Just SMILE and BLOW ME! 

**Hot Resort**: Type, 80s movie, comedy, Oscar contender. Plot: 80s teens (including a then-young teen sensation/director extraordinaire Dan Schneider) who work at a vacation resort get into various 80s style hijinks. Tagline: Do you swallow it or spit it out?

**Hot Car**: Type, comedy with graphic violence and actual jokes. Plot: A Gulf War Part One veteran and his teenage wife plot to off their annoying baby child in a way that seems accidental so they can collect insurance/sympathy money. Tagline: It _is_ getting hot in here!

**Hot Cars are for Real: **Type, religious/Christian movie, unintentional comedy. Plot: A young boy left to die in a hot car by his uncaring dad (who is visiting a strip club) has visions of Heaven that everyone subsequently takes at face value as a real. Tagline: Dying: guaranteed, God: possible.

**Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it: **Type, religious/Christian movie, but also an ultra-violent action comedy satire. Plot: A paint thinner huffing Gulf War Part One veteran (Jefferson Moore) is reunited with the deceased but COMELY lass he previously took under his wing to conduct a bloodbath of wrongdoers in God’s name. Tagline: Alright, no more Mr. Nice Hobo!

**Take Crumb out…Good**: Type, comedy/satire. Plot: A fat, old miserable man (Orson Welles) goes through life complaining about everything from “too much directing going on” and “crisp crumb coating being hard to say,” until a young girl named Sparkle tries to change his views on life and make him more optimistic. Tagline: If you like this movie, I’ll go down on you.

**Midsummer Magic in the Moonlight at Midnight in Paris or Barcelona or Manhattan or Broadway or Hollywood with Love**: Type, comedy (hey there was one joke, so it’s a comedy), drama, serious Oscar contender. Plot: A philosophy professor on sabbatical (Woody Allen) and a group of inexplicably wealthy pseudo-intellectual doofuses are trapped in Paris after going there for their own varied purposes and finding it conquered by the Islamic State. Tagline: You’re quoting the Quran to me? I don’t believe this! Directed by Woody Allen, who else? (Also on this site under the story _Girl Meets Frein_ by XavierJets)

**Patriot’s Day**: Type, serious Oscar contender, thriller, unintentional comedy. Plot: After a terrorist bombing at a marathon, incompetent Italian goofball police officers, led by their inept commander Guido Hairgel, try to apprehend the perpetrators while causing minimal collateral damage. Tagline: That ain’t no Jägerbomb!

**Spaceballs 2: The Search for More Money**: Type, comedy, Oscar Contender. Plot: In this sequel to the legendary comedy film _Spaceballs_, Dark Helmet (Rick Moranis), Colonel Sandurz, and President Skroob (Mel Brooks) search for money on the ape planet they find themselves on while Lone Starr (Bill Pullman), Barf (John Candy), Princess Vespa, and Dot Matrix (Joan Rivers) look for money after Princess Vespa bankrupts Druidia buying giant beauty accessories. Tagline: Well there goes the planet!

**Big Red: **Type, 80s movie, action, Cold War movie, comedy. Plot: In this parody of _Top Gun_, Russian Mil Mi-24 Hind helicopter pilots in Afghanistan battle the US-funded Taliban with mixed results. Special cameo appearance by Osama Bin Laden. Tagline: It seemed like a good idea at the time!

**Icebox Woman**: Type, adult/mature. Plot: A hard-working, gene splicing scientist woman (Alona Tal) decides to become a cruel dominatrix in order to motivate her failed rock star burnout lazy boyfriend in life. Tagline: You’re giving me freezer burn! (Also on this site under the story _Expendables 4 _by XavierJets)

**Hard to Watch** starring Bart Fargo: Type, Oscar contender, spy movie, comedy. Plot: James Bond wannabe Bart Fargo has to defeat the evil bad guy Pizza Ravioli from changing the recipe to mozzarella cheese in a plot to dominate the world. Tagline: You’ll never love again!

**The Finger (based on a true story)**: Type, serious Oscar contender, a sad drama about people being oppressed and downtrodden, courtroom drama. Plot: An African-American man finds a severed human finger in his chili when he goes to a fast food restaurant and immediately (at the advice of his lawyer) suspects a conspiracy. Tagline: Hallelujah! Holy shit!

**Murder Death Kill**: Type, exploitation, gore-fest, horror. Plot: A bus full of fat tourists gets lost in some South American country and accidentally drives into a cave filled with cannibals who are very, very, very, very hungry. Tagline: If you hated _The Devil’s Rejects_, you’ll hate this too! Directed by Rob Zombie.

**Cycle Sluts 9**: Type, adult/mature, eco-friendly. Plot: Wanting to drive more fuel efficient vehicles three young moms who believe in global warming exchange their minivans for motorcycles and become cycle sluts….somehow. What happened in parts 1 to 8 is unknown. Tagline: Vroom vroom, boom boom.

**Pokey-Man Part Eight**: Type, animated kid’s cartoon. Plot: All the Pokey-Mans in Pokey-land have to band together to stop MewThree from unleashing a gigantic earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear meltdown upon their previously peaceful Pokey-World. Tagline: There will be Jigglypuffs. Warning: May cause seizures in children aged 11 to 111.

The man at the machine is dumbfounded and utterly deadlocked as to which one
to pick. As we pan down the line, we see a man talking on his phone. Who does
that anymore? He squeaks excitedly, “Why do people say, “I’m watching what I
eat?” Yeah, so do I! I watch it as it goes into my mouth!” He stomps his feet
as he laughs, he looks like Jiminy Glick. He continues, “And why do people
say, “Oh it’s only temporary to comfort someone?” No kidding, Confucius!
Everything is temporary! Life! The Earth! The sun! The universe! What a great
comfort, my problem is temporary…just like the universe!” Despite his jumping
up and down, the young duck-faced, ugg boot wearing girl behind him just
stares into space, wistfully murmuring, “I wish Edward from _Twilight _was
REAL, that’s the kind of guy I need. An indestructible vampire who kills
people for me and chooses sexless cold fish plain Jane me over everyone else.”
A young girl with a brown leather bag tan behind the aforementioned duck faced
young girl sighs, “I wish Christian Grey from _50 Shades of Grey_ was REAL,
that’s the kind of guy I need. A billionaire who chooses virgin plain Jane me
and gives me access to his unlimited financial resources on the very first day
because a woman is always entitled to everything a man has always ever.”

Behind the two naive disfigured young girls is a man who looks and sounds like
Harvey Fierstein, is wearing a business suit and holding a coffee cup whilst
on his phone. He spits calmly yet passionately, “Wait, Muslim lives matter? So
Muslims kill other Muslims day and night like water out of a faucet in Iraq,
Syria, Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Turkey, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Indonesia, and the
Philippines and half a dozen other places for years on end, every day, every
night, 6,000 died in a single month in Syria more death than the Ukrainian War
had in 14 months, 700 died within 48 hours in Syria, 638 killed in a single
day in Egypt, all this on top of the countless thousands wiped out every year
in this war and that conflict, without a peep and then some fat, balding
atheist who likes the _Rachel Maddow Show_ kills three Muslims over a parking
space in the US and NOW….now Muslim lives matter? Now? Did I miss a day in
school?” He huffs and puffs after his speech.

Behind him is a mom with tattooed up arms and her three young kids, she
announces, “I’m going to rent you _Murder Death Kill _and _Cycle Sluts 9_
because I don’t want to shelter you from the real world and you gotta learn
how the world works at some point!” “But Mom, I wanna see _Pokey-man Part
Eight_!” one kid protests. “Shut up! You like violent movies; don’t you
remember how you liked _Batman Returns Again_ when I took you to the midnight
showing to see it?” the mom angrily asks him. “Ma, I was 3 months old at the
time, so no.” the kid politely informs her.

Behind her is a chubby guy that looks like Fieldy from the band Korn, he is
reviewing movies on his phone, “_Chicken Run_, five stars! _Baby’s Day Out_,
five stars! _Annie_, five stars! _The Teletubbies Go to Yemen_, five stars!”
He continues on, addressing no one in particular.

Behind him is a typical American hipster douche in the 21st century. Fake
Woody Allen glasses, tight pants, girly colors on his clothes, a lisp, a tiny
hint of facial hair. He is also reviewing films on his phone out loud to no
one in particular, “_Expendables_ _4 _and _5_, zero stars. _Killer Sex Drive_,
zero stars. Any movie with guns in it, zero stars. _The Finger_, ten stars,
definite Best Picture winner fo’ show. Woody Allen’s _Midsummer Magic in the
Moonlight at Midnight in Paris or Barcelona or Manhattan or Broadway or
Hollywood with Love_, twenty stars! This movie really speaks to me; this is
how cinema should be done, a masterpiece, a model for how to live your life.”
He flails his arms as if conjuring up magic.

The middle-aged man behind the hipster douche looks extremely nervous; he is
shaking and biting his nails. “I can’t take it anymore!” He declares before
dashing ahead, cutting in line, hoping to reach the front and get his movie in
a timely manner. The people in line all stop what they are doing and gasp.
Several, including the hipster movie reviewer shout, “Stop him! Stop him!”
Another line-stander informs him, “Hey! You! This is a restricted area!” From
way back in the line, a man dressed like a cowboy and sporting an orange
haired Yosemite Sam mustache raises a six shooter, squints with one eye, and
slowly squeezes off a shot. The line cutter is struck in the back and falls to
the ground dead with a thwack. The line applauds, cheers, whistles, and
tweets. The hipster douche who yelled “stop him” remarks, “This is the only
acceptable use of firearms I’ve ever seen.” A woman behind the Yosemite Sam
mustachioed cowboy screeches, “You can have my baby!”

Minutes pass and the person at the front of the line still hasn’t decided
which movie to watch, he grows more restless and anxious, gradually being
driven insane by the possibilities before him. “Just fucking pick one Goddamn
it!” a Mohawk-ed man, several people back, yells in frustration. The Mohawk-ed
man then starts arguing with the man in front of him who alleges he spit on
him when pronouncing the word, “fucking.” Two men near the Mohawk-ed man start
arguing about personal space. People all over start arguing and shoving each
other, bored and taking a cue from those around them. “CALM DOWN WE’LL ALL
HAVE FUN!” a peacemaker hollers. It is silent for a few seconds, someone
whispers, “Did he say gun?” “GUN!” the hipster douche yells, then punches the
movie reviewing man in front of him. The crowd dissolves into a riot and
chaos. The mom fights her kids; strangers fight strangers, old fights young,
teen girl fights teen girl, all is in complete anarchy. People use cell
phones, selfie sticks, and selfie shoes as weapons. One middle-aged woman is
untouched by the chaos, but just stands in the middle of it and screams her
head off anyway.

At that moment, a man dressed from head to toe in all black and wearing a
Jason Voorhees-style hockey mask runs up to the rioting crowd. “I want to
bring back movie theaters!” He proclaims, before whipping an AK series rifle
with a drum magazine out from behind his back and opening fire. Several people
fall dead and wounded, yet no one notices him and the crowd continues to riot.
One young man in line is listening to “Telephone Line” by ELO on his iPod and
is thus totally, completely, and absolutely unaware of everything going on
around him. He screeches out the chorus of the song as people continue to
fight and the gunman continues to fire, “Do-wah, doobie, do-do-wah, do-wah,
do-lang! Blue days, black nights, do-wah, do-lang! I look into the sky (he
pauses here to let ELO fill in the rest) and I wonder why…” After a solid
minute of firing into the scuffling crowd, the hockey mask wearing gunman
accidentally shoots himself in the head whilst trying to clear a feeding jam
caused by the cheap aftermarket drum magazine. He falls backward dead onto the
pavement with a plop.

That plopping sound his body makes functions like some sort of gong in a
monastery of Buddhist monks. The survivors stop fighting, step over the dead
and dying, and resume standing in line. The young man on the iPod finishes
belting out his song, still unaware of the rampage, “Oh, oh telephone line,
give me some time, I’m living in twilight!” When he finishes, he comes to his
senses, is startled by the scene around him, but then just shrugs his
shoulders, says “oh well,” and rejoins the line ahead of the freshly killed
corpses. All is quiet, even the wounded and dying on the ground don’t say
anything; they’re too busy live tweeting their agonizingly painful deaths.
Miraculously, they use the hash-tag, #bringbackourmovietheaters, fulfilling
the gunman’s expressed goal.

An old man who looks like Beeswax from _Vigilante 8_, wearing overalls and a
straw hat, complains, “This is ALL violent video games’s fault! We NEVER had
stuff like this happen when I was a kid!” A survivor, covered in other
people’s blood jokes, “I wonder what violent video games Hitler played?”
Although the survivor is talking to no one since who talks to people face-to-
face anymore, the grumpy old man turns around and addresses him. “Ehhhhh, I
don’t know, _Q*bert_?” The survivor, who really was talking to no one, doesn’t
respond. The old man looks over at the dead gunman’s still twitching body.
“When I was HIS age, I had an important job as a bombardier on a Bee Fifty-Two
bomber. I was mature and didn’t do stupid stuff or make any mistakes. Yep, you
know Bee Fifty-Twos; we dropped more bombs on Cambodia in a few months than
the US did on Japan during all of Duby Dubya Two!” “With none of the results!”
quips the survivor again. “Kids nowadays don’t know how to have healthy
relationships, they retreat into violent video games and then this happens,”
he seethes as he motions at the surrounding carnage. He looks at his watch
(who still wears a watch?) and scrambles off claiming, “Oops, I’m late for
beating my wife!”

The survivor comes to his senses; he was previously staring off into the
distance. He takes a deep breath and thinks out loud to no one in particular,
no one is listening anyway as they’re too wrapped up in their phones. “You
know, maybe it’s not movie theaters or Redbox or guns or knives or cars or
George Bush or lobbyist groups or violent movies or TV or video games or books
or Oprah or bad pizza service or Dennis Rodman or Stupidbook “likes” or the
nookie or even mayonnaise or…” he stops mid-sentence when he notices a dying
man making a “wrap it up” motion with his arm. The survivor nods. “Ah, okay,
well maybe it’s us! Maybe humans and our actions are the cause of violence in
the world! Maybe bad people do bad things! Maybe we are the villains! Maybe
everything else is just a lame cop out excuse to make ourselves feel better!
Maybe we are the Darth Vader of our own _Star Wars_ trilogy! Maybe inanimate
objects are just inanimate objects and humans are the evil ones! Maybe, just
maybe…it’s us!”

A man lying on the ground, shot to shit and bleeding from half a dozen holes
in his _Big Bang Theory_ t-shirt, shrugs and murmurs, “Maybe….”

**Trivia:** References include _Expendables 4_, _Sex Drive_, _Cloverfield_, _Godzilla (2014),_ _Vigilante 8_, Dat Phan stand up, _Daria_, the _Friday the 13th_ film series, _Spaceballs_, _Hot Resort_, _Hot Car_, _Top Gun_, every Woody Allen movie ever, Korn, the American media complex in 2015, _Q*bert_, the Vietnam War, #bringbackourgirls, _Demolition Man_, _Rollercoaster_, _Mario Kart Wii_, #Muslimlivesmatter, the 2015 Chapel Hill shooting, _Heaven is for Real_, _Clancy_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, _Barheads_, _Girl Meets Frein_, _Killer Sex Drive_, “Frozen Peas” by Orson Welles, _Patriot’s Day_, Cycle Sluts from Hell, the 2011 T?hoku Earthquake/Tsunami/Nuclear meltdown, _Pok__é__mon: The First Movie_, _50 Shades of Grey_, _Twilight_, _Jiminy Glick in Lalawood_, the 2012 “Batman” shooting, the 2014 FedEx attempted mass shooting, _Perfect Dark 64_, Yosemite Sam, _The Rachel Maddow Show_, the Mel Gibson phone rant, Redbox, various internet comments, _Mystery Science Theater 3000_, _Big Bang Theory, _The _Star Wars _trilogy, Scott Steiner University, Facebook, Rob Zombie and his directing work, Red Letter Media reviews, “Telephone line” by ELO, _We Were Soldiers_, _Rambo_, the Waco Siege, _Samurai!_ by Sabur? Sakai, and _Juno_.

\--Someone did find a severed human finger in their chili and sue the
restaurant for it.

\--This story was inspired by an exchange on the internet that went like,
“Shootings in movie theaters, hair salons, schools, is there any way I can’t
get shot?” To which someone replied, “Let your hair grow, study online, switch
everyone to Redbox.”

\--There was a story in the US of a line cutter/thief being killed by an armed
person he tried to victimize and the rest of the line did approve. They were
standing in line for shoes though.

\--The statistics mentioned by various characters are accurate.

\--Selfie shoes are a real thing

\--Many of the movies listed in this piece (i.e. _Big Red_, _Hot Car_, _Killer
Sex Drive_, etc.) are ideas I’ve extrapolated on in other pieces

