### DR. ADELE OR HOW I LEARNED TO STOP WORRYING AND LOVE THE TSAR BOMBA by
XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-08-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When twenty-five Americans are reportedly killed after Malaysian Airlines Flight MH-17 is shot down, a portly middle-aged meddler named Adele is convinced that Russia is responsible and henceforth does her best to start a nuclear war. 

* * *

**_Dr. Adele or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Tsar Bomba_**

Three groups of three soldiers, each decked out in woodland scheme camouflage
and clutching M-16A1 assault rifles, hustle towards three UH-1 Huey
helicopters as they sit upon a grassy field, their blades rhythmically
thumping the air (rule of three!) As the three groups of three soldiers pile
aboard the three helicopters, the first chords of “Ride of the Valkyries” by
Wagner chime in almost on cue. One of the helicopters has a skull and
crossbones painted on its nose, another features the grim reaper, and the
third has the word “FUCK” written on its nose, though the U is replaced with
an asterisk because they don’t want to be obscene.

The helicopters rise into the glow of a tranquil morning dawn in perfect
formation. The music reaches its first crescendo as the three tadpole shaped
helicopters trapeze through the air carelessly yet flawlessly. One soldier
bangs a clip of 5.56mm ammunition against his helmet to set the bullets in
place before inserting it into the magazine well on his rifle. The helicopters
have Gatling gun pods mounted on their sides. Additionally all three Hueys
sport a door gunner who hangs lazily out of the side of the crew cabin
gripping a 7.62mm M60 machine gun. The music works its way to the crescendo
again as the chopper borne soldiers high-five each other, sharpen their
bayonets (despite this being an air assault), and chew tobacco.

The pilot of one helicopter grins happily as he comes in at rooftop level just
as they approach their target. His helmet has “patience my ass…I want to kill
something” written on it. The target appears to be a large, long multi-story
white building with a gray roof; it looks like a school or a community center
of some kind. The pilot of the lead Huey grunts the go code over the radio and
all three choppers zoom over the complex firing wildly with all they have.
Even the soldiers on board joyously fire with reckless abandon at the complex,
not appearing to aim in the least. There is no return fire as the helicopters
fly in again and again from different attack angles savaging the building with
thousands of rounds. The music reaches its thunderous apex. Inside the
complex, a framed copy of the US Constitution that was hanging on a wall next
to a Red Hot Chili Peppers poster is pierced by a bullet and clatters to the
floor (aww).

“Run Christians!” a soldier yells from a chopper as it makes yet another
strafing run on the complex.

In the center of the complex there appears to be a grain silo, in the midst of
all the firing a man emerges from its top, holding a chisel, clearly confused
by the goings on.

“We got a Charlie at twelve o’clock, looks like he has a Barrett fifty cal
sniper rifle,” a pilot reports to his counterparts.

A helicopter buzzes by the silo and the man with the chisel sluggishly falls
from the tower, bullet riddled and quite dead.

“Good shot, Waco Six, I owe you a case of beer for that one,” one of the
pilots congratulates his comrade.

The screen suddenly goes to chaotic static before a blonde haired blue eyed
woman newscaster appears, blankly staring into the camera.

“We interrupt this showing of _Ambush at Waco_, to bring you this breaking
news! An airliner, Malaysian Airlines Flight MH-17 has apparently been shot
down by a missile over the eastern half of Ukraine. Details are sketchy and
scarce at this point, however, we feel confident in asserting that Russia
definitely did this and that at least twenty-five Americans were on board the
flight. Please send them your thoughts, prayers, and well wishes.”

“OH MYYYY GAWWDDD!!” Adele shouts, breaking the morning calm of the local
bank’s front counter. Adele is a morbidly obese middle-aged woman who is
perpetually luckless and misfortune prone. In the winter, the heater by her
workstation at the bank broke and she froze. In the summer, the air
conditioner in her area went kaput and she boiled. A vent perfectly situated
above her spot continuously vomits black soot upon her and her workstation.
She’s convinced she got sick from the black soot once and that it was the
“sickest she’s ever gotten.” She almost got the “sickest she’s ever gotten”
again after getting a flu vaccination too, apparently. Her husband took a job
in Texas despite living in New Jersey, because Christ, he doesn’t want to be
around Adele too much. And really that’s all you need to know about Adele
right there.

“Uh, does it still count as an ambush if you attack first?” Ulysses, Adele’s
co-worker who is a young Hispanic man, asks her as he looks up from his
computer. He is dressed in a US Civil War General’s uniform for some reason,
perhaps because he likes dressing up.

“Oh Ulysses! Russia just killed a bunch of Americans! Putin killed them! Don’t
you care? They can’t get away with that!” Adele scolds him, wagging a fat
finger in his direction.

Ulysses shrugs and goes back to what he was doing, looking at the imdb.com
page for actress Chloë Grace Moretz (*wolf whistle*).

“Uh, is this the same plane that went missing?” one of her co-workers asks
from behind a partition.

“Somebody has got to stop that Putin! They attacked the Ukraine for no reason;
now the whole country is a mess!” Adele exclaims to her nearby, trapped co-
workers.

“Uh, so? Didn’t we do that with Iraq, Libya, Syria…?.” Her co-worker behind
the wall adds.

“When will it stawp? When Russian tanks are driving down the Jersey Shore
boardwalk?” She questions aloud, most of her co-workers have stopped listening
by now, they’re used to her hysterics.

She turns and spots Ulysses looking at a picture of Chloë Grace Moretz dressed
as a schoolgirl.

“I see you looking Ulysses! She’s rather YOUNG!” Adele rebukes him with
another waggle of her sausage finger.

Ulysses does not deny it, he merely shrugs again.

“What’s WRONG with people? I’m putting a stop to this!” Adele declares to the
world with a raised fist, the chair she is sitting on groaning in protest.

Ulysses responds to his co-worker behind the partition a few minutes late,
“Naw man, that plane was flown to Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean; they got a
military base there, in other words a runway that an airliner can land on no
sweat.”

At that moment the “idea fairy” pays a visit to Adele and she finds an outlet
for all her righteous, outraged indignation. If no one will take a stand on
Russia for the deaths of those twenty-five G-d fearing Americans, than so help
her G-d, she will!

Having overheard Ulysses as she is an expert eavesdropper, she looks up the
Diego Garcia base commander’s office phone, which was conveniently listed on
the base’s website because having the power to nuclear winter the Earth on any
given day doesn’t mean he’s not a nice, friendly guy, and she thusly gives him
a ring.

“Uh, yellow? General William Stroker speaking,” a manly, tough voice begins.

“HELLO? This is Adele Stevenson! Yes, SIR….can you tell me WHY you’re not
bombing Russia RIGHT NOW? Twenty-five of our best and brightest citizens were
just BLOWN out of the SKYYYYY!” Adele immediately verbally assaults him.

After a few seconds of stunned silence, General Stroker gets his bearings.

“Uh, ma’am thank you for your call, I can tell you’re very concerned. However,
that’s an early report, it might be wrong, it might change. Hell, look at the
first reports on Sandy Hook! I have men up in the air right now in case it
isn’t an exaggeration and this _is _all some crisp crumb coating Commie plot,
but outside of authorization from the President, I’m sorry, I can’t order a
nuclear strike on Russia and….” General Stroker calmly explains to the
hysterical Adele before stopping mid-sentence in shock and awe of what he is
seeing.

He was just looking at Adele’s Facebook page when he noticed her daughter. Her
daughter, of course, being a tall hot blonde bombshell who is naturally a
constant source of embarrassment to Adele because of her good looks and
effortless attention getting. Once when Adele by chance met her favorite actor
from _The Brady Bunch_ while on vacation, the actor completely ignored her
while obsessing crazily over her daughter. Her daughter has a graduate degree
in guidance counseling (that’s not a joke), but didn’t want to work with
“those people,” _you-know-who_…..MEAN people (since those were the only jobs
left) so using her blank resume and her good looks, got herself a job in human
resources on Wall Street. She’s currently single, fellas! And that’s what the
good General has honed in on.

“Say, is your daughter still single?” General Stroker asks, trying to be
nonchalant.

Adele scoffs before answering, “Well, yes! But she only dates guys who are
over six foot two tall.”

“Shit, I’m only five-seven!” General Stroker grunts, frustrated.

Adele gets another visit from the “idea fairy” just then and oh boy is it a
humdinger!

“If you authorize your planes to strike Russia, you know, just a few planes,
five or six, I’ll get you a date with my daughter tomorrow. She loves men in
suits and men who have outrageous salaries, as she believes a woman’s salary
should only be for essentials like shoes and data plans,” Adele posits,
striking hard, mentally abusing her prey.

“Gah! Well, fine! One little strike and that’s all, won’t do too much harm,
twenty-five to thirty million dead tops…I’ll send the go-code right now!”
General Stroker concedes, confident one nuclear strike won’t damage US-Russia
relations too much. I mean, heck, President Obama’s approval rating is already
down to George Bush part II levels at the moment.

\-------

Aboard a B-52 Stratofortress bomber cruising above the Indian Ocean, Major
Bong (don’t laugh that’s a REAL name) slumps forward in his pilot/aircraft
commander’s seat, gazing longingly at a “HAWT Nerd Girls” edition of _Makin’
Bagels_ magazine, featuring Victoria Justice (even though she only plays a
nerd on TV).

Interrupting his moment of peace, his radio operator roughly taps him on the
shoulder and hands him a piece of paper with a code written on it. The radio
operator looks terminally bored; this “go-to-nuclear-war” code disrupted his
game of _Tetris_.

At first Major Bong looks rather annoyed; this damn radio operator is a
suspected Communist in his book for enjoying _Tetris_ so much. Only a
Communist could like _Tetris_ to such a degree! He lays the magazine down on
his legs and snatches the paper from his radio operator’s hand. He silently
reads it while wondering what was so damn important. After a few moments, he
glances up at his radio operator, smirks, then presses a conveniently located
button to speak on the bomber’s intercom. He has an overwhelmingly Southern
accent.

“Well, fellars, you’ve probably all seen the message, I reckon this is it –
toe-to-toe nuclear combat with the Rooskies. I ain't much for makin' speeches,
but I feel validated fellars. I knew this whole Cold War being over deal was
just a ploy to catch us off guard. They was a-posturing all along. Now I know
ya’ll probably have some pretty strong feelin’s about nuclear combat…”

His crew members are paying no mind to him as he makes his speech. The radio
operator has gone back to playing _Tetris_, the tail gunner is asleep after
crashing out on amphetamine pills, his navigator is playing _Monopoly_ against
himself, his bombardier is reading _Catch-22_ and reconsidering his whole
life, and his co-pilot, while appearing to pay attention is actually straining
to catch a glimpse of that _Makin’ Bagels_ magazine.

“All the pee-poles back home are a-counting on us and we ain’t got no
intentions of letting ‘em down. I’ll tell ya’ll what, when we get back from
this mission, get back home, I’m gonna buy each and every one of you fellars a
pro-pane grill. I know a guy. Now let’s get our hustle on, we got a bomb to
drop! Be proud of yourselves, fellars. We’re dropping the first nuclear bomb
in combat since Hiroshima and Nagasaki, if that ain’t somethin’ to put on your
resume, I don’t know what is!” Major Bong triumphantly concludes his “epic”
speech.

\------------------

Back at her workstation, smug old Adele is happy with herself; she’s found her
daughter a date and defeated Russia all by herself. Someone had to do it! Now
she can finally get to work.

A blaring alarm from the nearby TV blasts Adele out of her happy stupor and
back into reality. The blonde haired, blue eyed news lady reappears again on
screen with her usual blank stare.

“Usually we don’t admit our mistakes here at BSN (Bullshit News), usually we
like to let the disinfo and propaganda spread, however in this case, we must
unfortunately report that our initial broadcast was incorrect regarding the
number of Americans aboard Malaysian Airlines Flight MH-17. We had stated
earlier that that number was twenty-five, but we’ve just received confirmation
that actually no Americans were on board the doomed airliner. However, we are
still confident in saying, though it hasn’t been confirmed yet, that this was
definitely Russia’s doing and more specifically, personally the fault of
Vladimir Putin and….” The newscaster reports casually, uncaring of the chaos
and misunderstanding she’s caused.

“OH MYYYY GAWWDDD!!” Adele shrieks, throwing her arms in the air in surprise,
always genuinely surprised that her plans, life, and meddling goes horribly
awry.

“Ah, I knew it was the same plane,” the voice behind the cubicle wall says
with appropriate snark.

Adele spends the next five to ten minutes screeching over and over again
whilst interjecting the occasional, “I can’t believe THIS!” or “What the HELL
is WRONG with PEOPLE?”

However, she is soon brought back to Earth when she sees her co-worker Ulysses
directing his attention to the TV screen while it shows a commercial for the
show _Victorious_, particularly the scene in the episode “Trapped in an RV,”
in which Arianna Grande is symbolically bukkake’d by a multicultural group of
dudes whom she just met. Miss Grande squeals with joy.

“Ulysses! Those girls are VERY young! I saw you looking!” Adele chides poor
Ulysses once again.

Coming to her senses now as Ulysses turns away and sits back down, she
frantically dials up General Stroker over at Diego Garcia.

“HELLO, SIR? This is Adele Stevenson again; I need you to recall those planes
RIGHT FFFF-ING NOW!” Adele immediately cries into the phone once she hears the
General pick up.

General Stroker winces from Adele braying in his ear, looking as annoyed as
one can be.

“What? Why? I thought you were sure you _wanted_ to start a nuclear conflict!”
the General inquires of her in a juvenile manner.

“WELL, it turns out the news was WRONG and there were no INNOCENT American
CHILDREN on board the flight. I trusted them! This is unbelievable! Who would
have thought the news would deliberately mislead me into feeling a certain
way?” Adele questions General Stroker (and herself) utterly bewildered.

After a few moments of silence, General Stroker feels the storm has passed and
it is safe to speak.

“Okay, I’ll give the recall code….by the way; do I still get that date with
your daughter?” General Stroker compromises, trying not to sound too nervous
or desperate.

“Pfft, yeah, sure, fine, go for it,” Adele huffs like the frustrated middle-
aged morbidly obese woman she is.

“Yo Ulysses, yo mama so fat, she’s an average American woman!” one nearby co-
worker yells from a cubicle in the background.

“Yo my mom and dad were cousins!” an employee who looks and sounds like Don
Vito exclaims before Ulysses can respond. The Don Vito look alike is using an
abacus to calculate a transaction for a customer; he has no computer at his
desk.

“Will you GUYS shut up? You talk too much!” Adele admonishes them all with her
typical hypocrisy.

\----------

Aboard the B-52 Statrofortress, Major Bong is making final preparations as he
guides the massive bomber into its attack run. He’s encountered no resistance
thus far as since the ruble collapsed Russia couldn’t afford to keep any of
its surface-to-air missile sites operational. Major Bong is blissfully unaware
of the recall code all of his fellow pilots received because his radio went on
the fritz just after they flew over India. He suspects that damn _Tetris
_loving Commie radio operator of his sabotaged it. If only he had the
evidence. New radios_ were_ in the budget this year…..yep, they were, right up
until the funds were transferred to the “help the democracy loving freedom
fighting Syrian rebels who love us” program. Well, shit.

Nonetheless Major Bong sniggers as he flies pell mell through Russian
airspace. He gets on the bomber’s intercom for some final safety checks, just
in case the Rooskies have one up their sleeve and are playing possum.

“All right fellars, I want ya’ll to inventory your survival kits right now,
we’re just about to the target. If the Reds pull a fast one, you’re gonna need
every bit of this kit and its various trinkets. I’ll read off a list of what
you should have in working order. One 9mm Beretta automatic, two clips of
amma-nition, five days rations including powdered milk, powdered eggs,
powdered bacon, and powdered ice cream, one first aid kit including band aids,
epinephrine, Flintstones vitamins, upper pills, downer pills, amphetamines,
medical mariel-wana pills, and therapeutic quantities of Luvox. Continuing on,
you should have one “Rick Steve’s guide to Russian” phrase book, one Holy
Quran, one copy of Dianetics, one hundred dollars in _Monopoly_ money, one
hundred dollars in gold bars, one thousand nine hundred and sixty four packs
of chewing gum, one pack of laxatives, three women’s wigs, and two issues of
mascara. Well, shit, a fella could have himself a pretty fun day in Fort Hood,
Texas will all that stuff,” Major Bong narrates before reaching his
conclusion.

“Sir, I hate to interrupt you, but we’re over the target now, I’ll be
releasing our payload in less than thirty seconds,” the bombardier interjects
in a monotone fashion, like it’s just another day to him.

“Excellent Roofus, now just remember to say some highly quotable catchphrase
before you hit the button, you know, for the history books,” Major Bong
advises him carefully.

“Whatever….” Roofus groans as he leans over his bombsight, finger perched over
the big red button.

The Russian missile complex gradually comes into view under his crosshairs.

“Love means never having to say you’re sorry,” Roofus coos before pressing the
button.

The bomb, labeled “Pen15” falls heavily to the Earth, it’s not a polite bomb
so it doesn’t even whistle to let you know it’s coming.

Don’t worry folks, thanks to a nameless, faceless, identity-less missile silo
technician’s dyslexia, the bomb is inert because bored old Roofus entered
1-2-3-4-5 as it’s arming code instead of the incorrectly correct 5-4-3-2-1
code.

Pen15 crashes through the roof of the missile complex’s mess hall where
hundreds of Russians (who all have Josef Stalin mustaches) are eating their
daily ration of stale bread. Upon noticing the bomb after it crashes down,
they observe it for a few seconds before running over to it and banging their
stone solid stale bread against it, in an attempt to get their bread “open.”

\--------

Back at the bank, Adele has once again quickly forgotten her work and is
watching the end to her movie. Smug and satisfied with herself that she has
both ended and saved the world in the space of a few hours.

On screen, a young camouflaged soldier crouches down in front of a gigantic
field of burning, smoking ash, ruin, and human excreta. He holds his rifle
upright with two hands almost as if he was praying.

Another soldier walks over, he is older and clearly his superior. He wears a
pearl handled pistol holstered backwards on his hip, and dons a white Stetson
cowboy hat.

“You smell that?” he asks the young soldier as he looks over the wasteland.

“Smell what?” the young soldier questions, looking up at him.

“Jellied gasoline, boy. Nothing else in the whole wide world smells like
that,” the officer informs him, he kneels down to get eye level with the
soldier, drive his point home.

“I love the smell of jellied gasoline in the morning. You know, we had that
building tear gassed for six hours beforehand. When the fire finally petered
out, I walked the field, and G-D it, we didn’t find one of ‘em, not one
stinkin’ lousy Barrett fifty cal sniper rifle! But the smell, you know, that
gas station smell, the whole compound, the whole field, it smelled
like………………….victory,” the Stetson wearer closes, grimacing at the memory.

**Trivia:** References include, _Dr. Strangelove_, _Apocalypse Now_, _Zero Hour: Massacre at Columbine High_, the Waco Siege, _Spaceballs_, _Ambush at Waco: In the Line of Duty_, the downing of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH-17, the war in Donbass, the Fort Hood shooting, Fox News/CNN, Rick Steves, Scientology, _Tetris_, _Catch-22_, _Monopoly_, the Syrian Civil War, _The Brady Bunch_, _Victorious_, _Viva la Bam_, Ulysses S. Grant, Chloë Grace Moretz, _Barheads_, _I’m on a train, I can’t complain _(also on this site under XavierJets), the Pen15 club, _Eye Candy_, Westboro Baptist Church, imdb.com, “Purple Pills” by D12, _King of the Hill_, _Love Story_, “Frozen Peas” by Orson Welles, _The Simpsons_, and the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

\--The number one US fighter ace in World War II was named Major Dick Bong.

\--Much of the dialogue was taken from reality.

\--It was reported the first day of news coverage that twenty-five Americans
were on board Flight MH-17, later that was revised to one (who had dual
citizenship).

\--The bombardier is reading _Catch-22_; the main character of _Catch-22_ was
also a bombardier.

\--The nose and helmet art featured in this story was actually written/drawn
on helmets and helicopters in real life.

\--The Tsar Bomba is the largest nuclear bomb in existence and can give
someone who is 63 miles away from its impact zone 3rd degree burns.

