### The Inconvenient Death of William Firringdon by troughs

**Date Added:** 2015-08-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A suburban neighbourhood is consumed by chaos following the unexpected death of its most important inhabitant. 

* * *

William Firringdon had ropy hair and ropy skin. His eyes peered suspiciously
at the world beyond thin wire spectacles. He was a thin and crusty specimen,
commonly likened to the average household pickle. He died. I recall that on
the day that we buried him, his father could be seen watching the proceedings
from behind the columns of his thick yellow fingers. He stayed just like that,
tiny eyes wiggling like gelatinous seals for twelve hours. Many speculated
that he had glued his hand to his face for the occasion, but this idea was
often corrected by the sensible observation that nobody who lived on Tomtom
street had seen or needed glue for a great number of years. His mother had
made her escape upon discovery of her son's death – she had seen the problems
that might arise sooner than most, and thus was not present during
proceedings, or indeed, ever again. The attending masses worked harder to hide
their disdain and certainly – their embarrassment – at this unfortunate event.
Many buried their quivering faces in their hats. We could not record our
sorrows on paper, a delicate relic of the past.

I can state with absolute conviction that every inhabitant of Tomtom Street
saw life transfigured and grossly mutated following his passing away. The
Lockheeds, once bulky and former experts in the acquisition and occupation of
physical space, were each reduced to a fifth of their previous sizes, and
thereafter resembled lachrymose matchstick figurines; soft bone poking through
soft skin. Food now had to be prepared by hand: a skill long forgotten. The
McAphes, once great guardians of the neighbourhood, continued their services
with embarrassment by the use of fruit knives and plastic water pistols. The
Hitachis too, primarily renowned for their abnormal smiles and good humours
were not heard making a single joke more thereafter. They had lost all
material. I remember that the residents were pleased only with the change that
appeared in one prominent family, the Nortons. The Nortons were notorious for
petty thievery, disguised through jovial chitchats and keeping-ups with the
other inhabitants of Tomtom street, holding all their borrowed lawnmowers and
spatulas hostage inside a large yellow shed in the garden. After the
Firringdon incident, the Nortons were forced to return their extorted goods
following a collective demand for physical suburban tools – there were brief
celebrations. The majority of inhabitants however remained disillusioned with
the insular world that Firringdon Jr. had left behind. Yes, there emerged the
general sentiment that an important connection had been severed. We began to
live life from a sad distance, feeling as though we were guests excluded from
the world's great feast. The reason for this mess was that when William
Firringdon died, he took the WiFi password with him.

