### TOTAL COINCIDENCE! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-08-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** With the world falling to pieces around them, an increasingly anxious public demands to know whyyyyyyyyy. Fortunately, an upstanding member of the banking industry is happy to provide all answers and allay all fears at a press conference atop the new World Trade Center. 

* * *

**_Total Coincidence!_**

Well, as you all know, the world today is just a ball of confusion! ISSILE my
dissile is taking over territory faster than Guderian's Panzers, shootings of
pee-poles are happening every single minute of every single day, the
Confederate flag still exists, po-leeses are arresting pee-poles, pee poles
don’t have yobs, those that do are incompetent, people are DYING, children are
CRYING, politicians are LYING, somewhere a man named Ulysses is LOOKING
(insert still of President Ulysses S. Grant here), FEELZ are being HURT, HATE
is _increasing_, the whole globe is getting _warmer_, it’s not even safe to go
outside anymore! It seems inevitable that if you live, you must die at some
point. Well, shit. Why me?

With the world falling to s-h-i-t and people clamoring for answers, the elites
of American society finally decided in all their benevolence (you know, in
between starting wars, orchestrating mass killings, etc.) that they’ll finally
give the anxious public some answers, some REAL answers, not the bull-dinky
they teach you in schools or push nightly on the news.

And thusly, we find ourselves in one of the many, many, many suspiciously
empty floors of the new World Trade Center in New York City. The floor has
been dressed up to appear like the press room of the Pentagon, complete with
elevator music (specifically the elevator music from the _Goldeneye 64_ level,
“Control”), rows of plush comfortable chairs, happy looking fake house plants,
a screen for projecting “official” PowerPoint presentations, a podium with our
great country’s seal on it, and a panoramic 360-degree view of the Manhattan
skyline.

In those rows of chairs adjacent to the podium now sit members of all the
country’s press, eager to hear the true (well, hopefully true) words from one
of their elite overlords. A dignified representative of the Rothschild-
Rockefeller-JP Morgan-Astor-DuPont-Wells Fargo-Deutsche Bank banking group has
for some reason (ah come on) been chosen to tell the apprehensive public the
TRUTH about why the world has become a _VERY_ unsafe place. You know, just
like the Governor of New York gave a speech on the first day of the 2nd Iraq
War justifying that whole unjustifiable war.

The country’s best news men and women wait patiently now for the know-it-all
to appear, in the meantime they banter with each other over the tranquil
elevator music.

One man covering the event is a representative from the Heaven’s Gate YouTube
channel who is appropriately bald and dressed in a black and purple Nike
tracksuit. You know Heaven’s Gate, that “spiritual” UFO cult who committed
mass suicide in 1997, hoping to hitch a ride on a passing comet. They looked
good dead! It suited them!

“I think this Applewhite guy was on to something---” He excitedly mutters to
the reporter sitting next to him, eager to tell him all about the wise
teachings of Heaven’s Gate head honcho and suspected Teletubby Marshall
Applewhite.

“Oh yeah, cut your dick off and kill yourself! That’s the ticket!” the other
reporter, a cynical man wearing a brown trenchcoat and matching fedora
(despite being indoors and it being summertime) rebuffs him, cutting him off,
dismissing him with an uncaring wave of his hand.

A reporter representing the LGBTTQQFAGPBDSMIAAP community sitting behind the
two men overhears their talk and immediately interjects him/her/itself into
their conversation.

He/she/it lunges forward, their fairy wings falling off in the process, and
screeches at the cynical reporter, “Hey! Don’t judge them! They’re heroes!
Maybe the men of Heaven’s Gate were really transgender people with body
dysmorphia and KILLED themselves due to _bullyingggg _from people like you!”

The cynical reporter falls silent and stares down at the floor sadly, defeated
and shamed by the mere fact that he had an opinion on something. He strokes
his handlebar mustache for consolation.

A few chairs over, a perpetually angry middle-aged woman reporter (she’s mad
that her son is straight, I mean really, the NERVE of some people), forgoes
her better judgment and tries to make small talk with a representative from an
online bodybuilding forum. The bodybuilder is wearing a tuxedo t-shirt with
the sleeves cut off it and carries a briefcase that is secretly just a
dumbbell painted like a briefcase.

“Say you, uh, you ever read the book, _Free Fall_? It’s a coming of age
story,” the angry middle-aged woman begins, trying to contain the rage at her
son whilst also trying to sound pleasant. She’s so hopelessly out of touch
with reality; she sincerely thinks Mr. All-American bro here has read a book.
Pffttt, really?

“I never came of age, I just came,” the bodybuilding bro grunts as he shrugs
(or was that an arm curl?) and turns away from her to stare at his own
reflection in a glass panel window.

A few chairs behind them, a 100-year-old news lady whose face looks like it’s
sliding off her skull tries to make chit-chat with a representative of the
famous (or infamous) conspiracy theory website Info-wars. The man from Info-
wars can best be described as a doughy guy with a gravelly voice.

“Ever hear about those two Australian twin sisters who traveled to Colorado to
kill themselves at a firing range in honor of the Columbine High School
massacre?” the ancient woman questions him, her last firing neuron coming up
with this bizarre conversation-starter.

“Oh! Oh yeah! Awful! They had a Ke-dollar sign-ha CD in their hotel room!” the
Info-warrior exclaims in recognition before shuddering at the mention of Ke-
dollar sign-ha.

Across the room, the Heaven’s Gate YouTube channel representative has made the
strategic decision to drown out any possible chance of conversation at all
from the LGBTTQQFAGPBDSMIAAP “reporter” (reporter is in quotes as we don’t
know if he/she/it identifies as a reporter) by listening to his iPod, the
selection he’s currently listening to sounds like a parody of the Eddie Money
song, “Two Tickets to Paradise.” It goes a little something like this:

“I'm gonna take you on a spaceship that’s coming here

Got a $5 bill in my pocket, now Jody, when the comet draws near

My penis is gone, penis is gone…

My penis is gone, penis is gone…”

Then the chorus crashes in to the effect of:

“I've got forty tickets to the afterlife!

Won't you shave your head, we'll fly tonight!

I've got forty tickets to the afterlife!

I've got forty tickets to the afterlife!”

The Heaven’s Gate fan rubs his bald head in delight at the music, maybe he can
leave tonight too!

Finally, sitting right up front in the first row are Yip and Dip, two pinheads
representing the _World Pinhead Press_. What’s a pinhead, you ask? Well,
thanks to some neurological hiccup they have tiny heads, diminutive statures,
and are moderately retarded. Oh wait, my apologies, I mean, they’re
“exceptional individuals.” Yip and Dip here also have long arms that almost
reach the ground when they stand up straight. Despite being male and having
thin black mustaches, they are wearing pink aqua dresses for some reason. But
don’t be fooled, they drove themselves to the press conference and have
respectable jobs in society!

The elevator music abruptly ceases as the chosen spokesperson for the
Rothschild-Rockefeller-JP Morgan-Astor-DuPont-Wells Fargo-Deutsche Bank
banking group emerges from a door at the front of the room and marches
wordlessly to the podium. He looks like Patrick Bateman from _American
Psycho_, even though that look is hopelessly out of date, studies have shown
people love fictional serial killers (and even some real ones too!) and
Christian Bale, so the Powers-That-Be thought this look was the way to go.

The attendant crowd of reporters falls into a deathlike silence at the sight
of him; only Yip and Dip give a round of applause.

Once at the podium, the otherwise unassuming man who helps decide when the
world “needs” another war, addresses the audience.

“I will now answer and explain in an entirely truthful manner, the national
idiosyncrasies, events, and questions which you have all pre-submitted for our
consideration. We’ve taken the liberty of putting your submissions into a
PowerPoint presentation that will appear on the screen behind me, for your
viewing pleasure,” the man smoothly elaborates as he gestures to the projector
screen behind him.

As the screen lowers and the first slide appears, Yip and Dip applaud again.

“Studies have shown that a response given in the form of a song is the most
effective and most credible, so without further ado….” the Christian Bale
doppelganger adds as a disclaimer before a pleasant tune begins. The tune
emanates from the fake happy looking house plants, which actually conceal
speakers (oh and listening devices). The official response goes to the well-
known Muppets song “Mahna Mahna” because studies have also shown that people
like the Muppets and are likely to believe them without question.

“How or why are all ISSILE soldiers, including their child soldiers, wearing
the latest US military camouflage pattern which just went into service this
year?” the first slide reads.

“Do do do, do do de do do do do, do do do do do!” two female voices coo from
the plant speakers.

“Coincidence!” grunts Christian Bale’s would-be stunt double with a careless
wave of his arm. Just like that the slide disappears, the event is
“explained,” and a new slide appears.

“Sandy Hook shooter Adam Lanza and Aurora theater shooter James Holmes, both
had fathers in the finance industry and both of their fathers were involved in
the same financial fraud lawsuit at the time of their respective mass
killings,” the second slide states.

“Do doo be-do-do,” the wispy female voices croon from the plants.

“Coincidence!” barks the “honest” finance man, another dismissive wave, the
slide vanishes and another appears.

“A movie theater mass shooting occurs three years and three days after the
Aurora movie theater mass shooting and leaves three dead and (3 x 3) nine
wounded and it takes place in theater 16, just like the Aurora shooting did,”
reads this slide.

“Do do-do do,” the soothing voices chime in again.

“Coincidence!” hollers the Overlord like it is obvious (though it could just
be eternal recurrence), before giving another contemptuous wave, causing the
slideshow to flick to the next frame.

“Do doo de-do-do de-do-do de-do-do de-do-do-doodle do do do-doo do!” the
feminine backing singers conclude vigorously.

“Wait a minute, wait a minute! Doesn’t all these events and facts being a
coincidence seem a little too…………..coincidental?” The Heaven’s Gate journalist
interrupts, standing from his seat and pointing accusingly at the well-dressed
man (who happens to be wearing a raincoat too, rut-roh).

The answer man doesn’t even dignify him with an official answer, he merely
shrugs his shoulders and rolls his eyes, like the Heaven’s Gate journalist is
some kind of idiot for not _getting it_, for not understanding the most
obvious of all things in the best of all possible worlds. He turns back
towards the projector screen and the Heaven’s Gate journalist sits back down
dejectedly.

“Do doo be-do-do,” the womanly voices return.

“An unemployed doctoral student living by himself was able to afford thousands
of dollars’ worth of weapons, bullets, magazines, equipment, and homemade bomb
making materials and was able to buy tear gas grenades without presenting a
law enforcement identification card,” the current slide on screen reads.

“Coincidence!” bellows the Wolfman of Wall Street throwing both his arms up
like he is summoning the heavens as the slides click over.

“Every Free nation in the world deciding that Libya is an imminent threat and
that the peaceful decades long reign of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi absolutely
_needs_ to be toppled _right fucking now_, just as Colonel Gaddafi is about to
propose a new gold backed currency that would upset the power of the Dollar
and the Euro,” the next slide posits.

“Do do-do do,” the girlish backing singers quip.

“Coincidence!” the All-American psycho shrugs, like there is no other
explanation. Another wave, another slide.

“Not one second of the evacuation of 600 plus students and staff from Sandy
Hook Elementary School being caught on tape by anyone on the day of the
shooting, not by a news helicopter, not by a townsperson, not by a police
car’s dashboard camera, not for one frame of footage,” the slide decisively
states.

“Coincidence!” Christian Bale’s suspected cousin says with a finality and
conviction that only comes with firm belief. He snaps his fingers and the
projector clicks off.

“Do doo de-do-do de-do-do de-do-do de-do-do-doodle do do do-doo do!” the
ladylike sirens finish as the projector screen rolls back up into its
cylindrical chamber.

The man with all the answers stands confidently looking out over his stunned
audience. Yip and Dip again applaud in-between busily taking notes on the
presentation. That’s all the bone the elites have decided to throw the
begging, starving masses for now.

“Why don’t you _abolish _the Federal Reserve? Which you are most likely a
member of!” The info-warrior “journalist” yells at the raincoat wearing
financial advisor, standing on his seat and pointing behind himself like the
Federal Reserve is right there.

“Dear sir why would I abolish something that I’m a member of?” the money man
inquires of him in a polite tone, as if it was just another business day.

Silence fills the room for a few seconds even wristwatches stop ticking out of
respect.

“Baba Booey, Baba Booey, Howard Stern’s penis!” A “journalist” representing
_Howard 101 News _roars, standing up, flailing his arms, breaking the silence.
Somehow, no one laughs.

After a few more seconds of silence following the outburst, the raincoat
donning psycho lets off a “pfffttt” and exits through a camouflaged door that
looks like a window at the front of the room. Slowly one by one, the best and
brightest pressmen and women and “men/women/its” of the country come to the
conclusion that the presentation is over and they’ll get no more “answers.”
They gradually all stagger to their feet and file out the door grumbling as
they do so, their morale worse than the German 6th Army’s at Stalingrad.

On their way out, they pass a blue recycling bin with Heaven’s Gate guru and
confirmed Teletubby Marshall Applewhite’s face on it, all wide-eyed, mouth
open. Via a text bubble like in a comic book Marshall urges passersby to
“Please reeeeeee-cycle!” Most of the reporters toss their useless notes into
the can as they exit the room.

Yip and Dip exit the room by doing a walking handstand, just because they felt
like it. They’re the only ones in good spirits.

“Hmmm,” someone remarks aloud amidst the throng of exiting reporters.

The next day the headline “Pinheads do walking handstand in new World Trade
Center” is given top billing in newspapers, TV shows, and YouTube channels
around the ever warming non-gender based Confederate flag flying reality TV
show known as EarthTM.

**Trivia:** References include _Freaks_, Heaven’s Gate, Infowars, _Free Fall_, bodybuilding forums, _American_ _Psycho_, _Teletubbies_, _Scooby Doo_, _Goldeneye 64_, various conspiracy theories and social justice movements, “Two Tickets to Paradise” by Eddie Money, “Mahna Mahna” by The Muppet Show, _The Howard Stern Show_, _I see everything twice!_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Offensive, a comedy_ (also on this site under XavierJets), Ke-dollar sign-ha, the _Incredible Crash Dummies_ movie, the Red Letter Media _Star Wars _reviews, The Left Rights, World War II, Pastor Manning, _Love and Death_,_ Catch-22_, The Temptations, the Australian twins suicide case, _Mystery Science Theater 3000_, the American press corps, _Candide the Optimist_, _Wolf of Wall Street_, and _Dr. Adele or How I learned to stop worrying and Love the Tsar_ _Bomba_ (also on this site under XavierJets).

\--“This Applewhite guy was on to something” was an actual comment someone
made online

\--Other coincidences that didn’t make the cut:

1) The same little girl (a Sandy Hook student) being interviewed by three
major news networks about the shooting within a 48-hour period (including
twice the day of the incident).

2) There being two gas masks recovered at the scene of Aurora theater shooting
when there was only one shooter.

3) A 26-to-26 kill ratio being attained during the Sandy Hook shooting,
something that hasn’t been done in a mass shooting before or since.

4) A military psychological warfare operations unit being based in Aurora,
Colorado.

5) The leader of the Libyan “people’s spontaneous movement to overthrow the
totally evil bad guy Gaddafi” being a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA)
trained asset.

