### Kebabbed by joshua10

**Date Added:** 2015-08-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Inspector Strong and DC Swanson help out a kebab shop owner. 

* * *

23:11: Swanson’s House.

It had been a long shift for Detective Constable Swanson. The station had been
short staffed what with officers on sick leave and holidays so he was glad to
be closing his living room curtains and heading off to bed. Dealing with a
serious sexual assault had pushed him to his limits as an officer of the law
and the level of violence used made him wonder what the world was coming to.

He finished off the last of the whiskey, yawned then turned off the lampshade.
He was about to climb the stairs when a fist banging on his front door made
him stop and pick up an umbrella in the corner of the hallway. He slowly
opened the door ready to strike whoever was trying break down his door.

“Bout bloody time Swanson, I was beginning to think you weren’t going to
answer.”

“Sorry sir, I was just off to bed.”

“Not interrupting anything was I?”

“No sir, I thought you might be someone with a grudge against me.”

“Don’t flatter yourself Swanson, the only person you’ve ever upset was your
mother as she was giving birth.”

Swanson put the umbrella and the thought of inserting it into his superior’s
rectum down.

“Is this the latest sex toy then Swanson?”

“No sir I use it stop the rain from soaking me!”

“Alright Swanson, don’t be an arseole just get dressed and come with me.”

Swanson was shattered; would the DI understand if he refused to go?

“But sir, I’ve just done twelve hours.”

“Fuck off Swanson. I bet you’ve been sitting on your backside all day looking
at you tube.”

“Not exactly sir. I’ve been looking into the assault of a woman.”

“Oh, so that’s why it’s took you so long to answer the door then.” The
Inspector grinned and flashed a wink at Swanson.

“No sir, it’s because I’m knackered and I can’t stop thinking about what that
woman is going through.”

“Of course it is Swanson,” replied the Inspector nodding sardonically, “I bet
you couldn’t help yourself. Can’t resist a woman in distress eh?”

Swanson wished the Inspector would just disappear, but like the stain on a
white shirt, he wasn’t about to go away anytime soon.

“Please sir, this was one of the worst cases I’ve had to deal with in my
career.” said Swanson attempting to close the front door on his boss.

“Listen Swanson, “said the Inspector jamming the door open with his foot, “
what you do in your private life has nothing to do with me.If you want to hit
on women at the station then fine, but just for tonight, get some clothes on
and come with me, the Chief inspector has a job for us.

“At this hour?”

“Yes Swanson we’re the police, we do this 24 hours if you hadn’t noticed. It’s
the owner of a kebab shop on the high street who needs our assistance.”

It was more bullshit from his superior but at least life wasn’t dull.

“Can’t the uniforms deal with it?”

“You are one selfish bastard, all you ever think about is that snake of yours,
now for the last time, put your cock away and cover that scrawny body of yours
and get in the car!”

“Yes sir.”

Reluctantly Swanson pulled on some clothes and let the DI drive him into the
town centre,through the back streets and onto Hassan’s kebab shop.

23:45.Hassan’s kebab shop.

“Good evening Mr Hassan. I hope you’ve been a good boy for the Inspector?”

“Ah Mr Hayden, how are you this evening, oh I see you’ve bought a friend.”

“He’s no friend, this is Swanson of the yard: good at catching criminals but
can’t keep a woman for more than five minutes.”

“Please sir, not now.”

“Should have sent her to me Swanson I’d have given her something to remember
you by.”

“I was consoling the poor woman she’d been the victim of an assault.”

“Fucking hell Swanson, you’re not going to start crying are you?”

“No sir.”

“Anyway, enough of Swanson’s problems and down to business; have you got
something for me and the Detective Mr Hassan?”

“Of course of course, here you are Mr Hayden it’s all there.”

Mr Hassan, Swanson noted, was in a highly agitated state when he handed over
the white carrier bag to Inspector Strong. He shook in terror and his forehead
was continually being mopped by his sleeve.

“There you go do something useful Swanson and count Mr Hassan’s money for him
will you.”

“Of course, can I ask what it’s for sir?”

“You can’t keep your fucking nose out for more than two minutes can you
Swanson, just count the bloody money will you.”

“Yes sir.”

“Well, how much is in the bag Swanson?”

“Please Mr Hayden, it’s all there, every penny,” pleaded Mr Hassan his eyes
reddening with tears.

“Err yes sir, there’s nine hundred and fifty pounds here in used notes.”

“Oh dear Mr Hassan little bit short are we not?”

“I need more time Inspector just another day I……………..”

“I’ve not come here tonight with this wet fart just to taste the kebabs
Hassan, how many more days can I give you?”

“Business has been bad Mr Hayden please I’m sorry I…………………”

The Inspector began rolling up his shirt sleeves.

“What’s going on here sir, this man is petrified?

“So would you be if you were about to get a taste of these two babies.”

“I don’t think this the right way for a man of the law to behave sir.”

“Out of the way Swanson, unless you want some of this as well…….?”

Before Swanson could say another word the Inspector dived on top of Hassan and
began raining punches at his now covered head as Swanson desperately tried to
pull him away.

“Bloody hell sir, what’s got into you?”

Hassan’s pitiful crying made the beating stop.

“Have you seen the state of the forces pension? Diabolical that’s what it is.”

“It seemed ok to me sir the last time I looked.”

“Oh fuck off Swanson, what do you know about pensions anyway…………?”

As Hassan and Swanson tried to stem the tide of blood oozing from his nose the
distant sound of sirens made the Inspector jump.

“Fucking hell who’s called the fuzz?”

“Not me sir, I was busy helping you with your protection racket.”

“That’s against the law in my book Swanson so you can explain that to them
when they finally get here.”

“I think you’re a cunt sir.”

“Thank you Swanson. I’ll see you tomorrow if you haven’t been pulled and don’t
get any ideas about his wife’s kebab will you Swanson, we all know what a
dirty bastard you are!”

“Fuck off sir.”

