### BARHEAD EPISODE: DAS POOT by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-08-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Marine Corps JROTC Cadet Sergeant Grievous stops a school shooting with unintended consequences resulting when the shooter is revealed to be a “baby.” 

* * *

**_Barhead Episode: Das Poot_**

Before we get started here are some answers to a few of the questions you’re
probably having right about now.

**1) ****What is Barhead/Barheads? **

A humorous TV show about a dysfunctional group of Marine Corps junior reserve
officer training corps (JROTC) cadets in a bizarre town called Helltown in
central New Jersey in 2005/2006, with all their attendant misadventures and
character flaws. The main character is cadet sergeant Grievous, a socially
inept yet thoughtful non-commissioned officer who is 18-years-old and in his
senior year of high school. Like many of the cadets in his detachment, he
plans to join the US Marine Corps after graduating despite the raging Iraq and
Afghanistan wars. He commands a squad in the detachment consisting of cadet
corporal Pearson, his best friend, and privates first class Christeson and
Jenkins. C/Sgt. Grievous lives with his easily confused grandfather Walter
Kay, who was an accidental hero in the Second World War, and his dreadlock
sporting burnout First Gulf War veteran post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD)
stricken Uncle Kit. It’s a mystery who his dad is and before he lived with his
uncle and grandfather he lived with his two moms, Jeannette and Ramona.

**2) ****Does the main character’s name have anything to do with General Grievous of _Star Wars: Episode III: Revenge of the Sith_? **

No! Completely unrelated, we got the name by opening a book to a random page
and using the first adjective that began with a “G.” We wanted to go with an
unheard of, unused, unconventional name.

**3) **** Is this going to be another one of those shows that glorifies violence, the military, war, etc.? Waah waah, waah!**

No! In fact this show does the opposite, showing the often brutal life in the
military, the bloody messiness of war, and the after effects of violence. It
would be in the show’s contract to portray all gunshot/stab wounds
realistically.

**4) ****Is there equal representation in this show aka is it diversity approved?**

Yes! We have African-American characters, Caucasian characters, gay
characters, straight characters, old characters, young characters, Native
American characters, Hispanic characters, Muslim characters, bald characters,
characters with hair, rich characters, poor characters, Asian characters, male
characters, female characters, and so on into infinity. Happy?

**5) ****Why is the second squad of the Marine Corps JROTC unit referred to as the “Con Air squad?”**

Because in the first episode it was explained that the main character’s high
school (Helltown High School) took on a bunch of pardoned juvenile justice
system convicts in order to get more state/federal funding under the newly
passed “Leave No Child Behind Act” that has a provision in it stating that any
school that takes on pardoned juvenile convicts and gives them a chance to
_turn their lives arounddddddddd_ will get more funding from the state/federal
government. The pardoned convicts joined the Helltown JROTC unit to get
weapons and combat training, in order to further their criminal careers.

**6) ****Whats the deal with that G-man guy? **

It will be revealed in the series finale or the cancellation episode,
whichever comes first!

**7) ****What do the principal characters look like and what are their personalities?**

**C/Sgt. Grievous**—18-years-old, Caucasian, male, five-ten in height, one brown eye, one yellowish/golden eye, lean frame, semi-muscular, has two g-spots one on his trigger finger, another on his cock, no accent, young looking face, no facial hair, short Marine style haircut, callused hands, relaxed gait, flashy orator (like Cleon of Athens). Personality wise: socially inept in nearly every situation (i.e. being offensive without realizing it), humorous nearly always, thoughtful of his squadmates, overly aggressive in combat, cynical of authority, caring to his drunken uncle, wanting to be a hero, interested in firearms, apolitical, the squad’s leader, and easily distracted by women.

Background note: Was raised by two moms, who his father is/was, is unknown. He
then lived with his grandfather and uncle after his two moms went missing and
were presumed dead.

**C/Cpl. Pearson**—18-years-old, Caucasian, male, five-eight in height, bald, wide-bulging brown eyes, has eyes far apart like a Hammerhead shark, southern drawl, pronounced facial features like his lips, nose, forehead, etc. Personality wise: Humorous, sarcastic, sardonic, optimistic, upbeat, rarely serious, loves rap music and country music, girl crazy, no filter on his language, blabbermouth, excitable, the squad’s driver, skeptical of all authority except C/Sgt. Grievous, and overtly loyal to his squad and his squad only.

Background note: Originally from Vicksburg, Mississippi.

**C/Pfc. Christeson**—15-years-old, Native American or Hispanic, male, five-nine in height, dark, serious eyes, short, shaved black hair, an almost too young looking image. Personality: Young, eager, music loving (can’t shoot straight without earbuds in), out to prove himself, overly dramatic, perceptive, often anxious, the squad’s radio operator, naïve, believes in God, believes in the American way, multi-lingual, good eyesight, looks up to C/Sgt. Grievous, has a sensitive side, good with kids, and a shameless self-promoter/fame whore when the situation arises.

**C/Pfc. Leroy Jenkins**—16-years-old, African-American, male, five-five in height, brown sincere eyes, short shaved hair on his head, semi-muscular, a wide trademark grin. Personality: Calm, level headed, intelligent, loyal, tough, brave, the squad’s heavy weapons man, loves a good joke, deeply religious, respects orders, doesn’t agree with the wars, but agrees with the Marines, mostly serious, but a surprising goof off in his non-serious moments, hates the fact that a Warcraft meme bears his namesake, resourceful, conservative in nature, loyal to his mother, and has an avid interest in firearms.

**Gunnery Sergeant Larry Bohne**\--In his 30s, Caucasian, male, six-three in height, short orange-ish red hair in a military style short cut, rigid face, stern eyes, always looks pissed off, muscular frame, always has clenched fists, authoritarian voice. Personality: Always strictly business, often humorless, unaware that he is being played by the government/school, harsh, but fair, a keen eye for killer instinct, slightly paranoid, serious, on a personal mission to redeem himself for losing a member of his squad in the Iraq War, easily excitable, an over-reactor, a shameless promoter of the school’s ROTC program, often unaware of people’s ulterior motives, an effective commander, and resourceful given the school’s $0 ROTC budget.

Background note: Based on Lamar Bone from the cartoon _Doug_ and the squad
leader at the beginning of _Half-Life: Opposing Force_.

**Walter Kay**—In his 80s, Caucasian, male, five-seven in height, snow white hair, crusty skin, false teeth, crappy tattoos from the 1940s, typical old man voice. Personality: A widower, earnest, constantly confused, avid TV watcher, obsessed with food, strong conservative family values, God-fearing, pessimist, skeptical, an accidental World War II congressional Medal of Honor recipient, hard of hearing, poor eyesight, compassionate yet often antagonistic, despite his poor eyesight always shoots straight and is able to assemble complex model aircraft, discourages reckless behavior by Uncle Kit and C/Sgt. Grievous, but doesn’t stop it, doesn’t like tattoos (despite having some), motorcycles or nudity, and is slow moving in nature when it comes to walking, driving, and basically doing anything.

**Uncle Kit**—In his 30s, Caucasian, male, six feet tall, has long brown hair that he wears in dreadlocks, piercing green eyes, unkempt looking, unshaven, always smells of cigarette smoke. Personality: Lackadaisical, lazy, uncaring, indifferent, a drinker, a smoker, PTSD traumatized, Gulf War Syndrome suffering, avid pornography reader, a burnout, living on disability, single with no kids, a former Gulf War hero, a writer, and despite his current state, still highly combat adept and loyal to his relatives.

Background note: See _The Ballad of Sergeant Kit_ on this site under
XavierJets for more on this character.

**Series traditions/reoccurring themes**

1) The main character’s last name is never said/spoken/written or shown.

2) Every episode ends with a sentence featuring the title of the show.

3) The G-man from _Half-life_ appears in the background in every episode.

4) The main character always watches TV in an upside down position.

5) The intro to every episode will be a parody of another show’s intro such as
_Pete & Pete_, _The_ _Incredible Crash Dummies_, _My Brother and Me_, _Mighty
Morphin’_ _Power Rangers_, _Rocko’s Modern Life_, _The A-Team_, _Airwolf_,
_Miami Vice_, _Hey Dude_, and _The Simpsons_.

6) Any celebrity guest stars, with the except of adult film actresses will be
assigned generic roles such as “squad leader #1”

7) C/Sgt. Grievous’s Uncle Kit never gets past the first page of writing his
Gulf War memoir

8) Chronic anachronistic pop culture references to things not in existence in
2005/2006

9) Realistically portrayed gunshot/stab wounds.

10) Entire episodes being imagined or taking place in the future.

**Episode:** Das Poot

**Timeframe:** Sometime between September 2005 and June 2006

**Location:** Helltown, New Jersey (Fictional, but based on Middlesex County, Somerset County, and Essex County, New Jersey)

As the final notes of this episode’s intro theme fade out, we find ourselves
in the broom closet office of Gunnery Sergeant Bohne. It has no windows or
lights and has a lot of maintenance equipment in it. Adorning the walls are
diplomas marking achievements from Gunny Bohne’s Marine career as well as US
Marine Corps recruitment posters and World War II propaganda posters. Gunny
Bohne sighs and leans back in his chair, rubbing the scar on his cheek that he
got at a monster truck rally in deep contemplation. On his desk is a memo from
the school’s administration asking him for a representative of his detachment
to be sent to “high school day” at the local middle school. It is sort of a
career day for middle schoolers only instead of careers, they learn about high
school classes and extracurricular activities. Captain Constantinople was
Gunny Bohne’s immediate choice for the task as he was the ranking officer of
the detachment, the tallest, and the most “Marine Corps poster looking.”
However, he can’t give a public speech without stuttering excessively. Gunny
Bohne remembers hearing a few of the cadets joking how the good Captain made
their whole English class go to pieces when he had to read _The Crucible_ out
loud and stuttered out, “A f-f-f-f-ffffart upon y-you Mista Putnam!” And thus,
Gunny Bohne’s second choice should be arriving any second. Gunny Bohne sits up
straight in his chair and glances at his watch, as the minute hand clicks
over, he looks up to see C/Sgt. Grievous standing wordlessly in his doorway.

“Be seated Sergeant Grievous,” Gunny Bohne sighs.

C/Sgt. Grievous wordlessly takes his seat and sits up straight as a board in
his seat.

“At ease, at ease, consider this a less than parade rest situation,” Gunny
Bohne informs him.

C/Sgt. Grievous immediately relaxes in posture.

“You’ve heard of high school day, right?” Gunny Bohne asks him.

“Yeah, it’s a crock, high school ain’t fun no matter how you dress it up,”
C/Sgt. Grievous answers truthfully.

“Well, better change your outlook, I can’t give the speaking job to Captain
Constantinople, so you’re up, you’re an exemplary member of this
program….despite your screw-ups,” Gunny Bohne explains to him.

“Gunny, with all due respect, I can’t do this job, I’ve never given a public
speech before and now wouldn’t be a good time to start, with us trying to make
a good impression and all…” C/Sgt. Grievous protests.

“Hmm, lotta bicycles on the physical fitness schedule for tomorrow……..” Gunny
Bohne trails off.

“Uh, I mean, Gunny I’d be happy to take the assignment and will pursue it with
great enthusiasm!” C/Sgt. Grievous suddenly changes his tune, as he hates
“bicycles.”

“Get to it, I look forward to hearing a glowing report from the middle
school,” Gunny Bohne grins, knowing his trick has worked.

C/Sgt. Grievous exits the office and texts C/Pfc. Christenson, aiming to get
his assistance on the project.

“Got assigned to give speech on high school day, need your help,” the text
reads.

“Sounds fun, yeah I’ll help, I hate bicycles too.” C/Pfc. Christenson’s reply
is.

“Make sure to mention the blood,” he adds in another text.

******

**Commercial break 1: **

Dramatic violin/orchestral music croons in the background, increasing in tempo
throughout the commercial.

Hambo, a six foot six, two hundred ninety pound goliath, is seen standing in
line with a bunch of other US Army Special Forces soldiers, in dress uniform,
saluting.

“Staff Sergeant John A. Hambo, you are hereby honorably discharged from the
United States Army…”

“He was a war hero….disillusioned with the Army,” a voiceover begins.

Hambo is seen holding his head in his hands, explaining to someone off screen,
“What we did wasn’t right, it wasn’t the American way, I couldn’t take it…”
Hambo speaks even more messed up and slurred than Sylvester Stallone.

“He thought he had found his perfect peace in a quiet religious community,”
the voiceover continues.

We see Hambo living amongst the radical Christianity-spin off sect, the Branch
Davidians, laughing, playing, singing, going to church, instructing on weapons
use, running in a field with children.

“And then they pushed him…..” the voiceover growls sinisterly.

There are several quick cuts of federal government agents and National
Guardsmen assembling, loading weapons, moving on the Branch Davidian compound.

Hambo wakes up to gunfire and sees his co-inhabitants cowering in fear,
children crying. Enraged he picks up a M60 medium machine gun and wielding it
Rambo-style fires out a window, belts of ammunition draped around his neck.

“They shouldn’t have messed with him!” the voiceover roars

We see several dramatic scenes from the movie, Hambo fighting, the government
forces returning fire, Branch Davdians being killed in various ways,
explosions, snipers aiming down their sites, etc.

“Now they’re going to pay!” the voiceover assures the viewer.

More generic dramatic scenes like people arguing, guns firing, random people
running to and fro, a car driving in circles.

“Soon…” the voiceover ominously warns.

Hambo is seen screaming and firing his M60 medium machine gun, explosions
resulting, similar to the _UHF_ Rambo scene.

“The world will know the name….” the voiceover informs us slowly.

Hambo is seen babbling incoherently like Sylvester Stallone.

“HAMBO!!!” the voiceover blasts as the title appears.

A text box across the bottom of the screen reads, “Playing at your local
theater, April 19th.”

*******

On “high school day” C/Sgt. Grievous, in full dress uniform stands proudly
before a group of middle schoolers in a gymnasium. He starts speaking, but his
talk appears to be a dry lecture.

“The US Marine Corps was founded on November 10, 1775 and…” he prattles on.

The gym is packed with five or six other groups of middle schoolers listening
to different spiels from assorted high school students and teachers. The
middle schoolers sit Indian- style before C/Sgt. Grievous looking mostly bored
and disinterested. Then C/Sgt. Grievous gets into the “good part” of his
speech that he specifically wrote for the occasion.

“War is great fun! You’ll go without eating, drinking, sleeping or showering
for days! Weeks even! Most likely you’ll shit and piss yourself after the
first shot is fired, and then get to watch people die in the most horrible
manners imaginable, boiled to death with jellied gasoline, disintegrated by
cluster bomblets, oh and you’ll watch this happen to your friends too. Oh and
this goes on for a year straight. Once you get home, you’ll have to beg,
borrow, and steal to get any of those promised benefits, because they really
didn’t mean it about that free healthcare and free college. Statistically
speaking, Marines have higher suicide rates, divorce rates, domestic violence
rates, and alcoholism rates than the rest of the population, so you can rest
assured the homefront is as lively as the frontline, then…….” C/Sgt. Grievous
lectures on, enthusiastically.

The middle schoolers suddenly look very interested, a few look shocked, C/Pfc.
Christeson’s reaction is the same. As the cadet sergeant goes on swinging his
arms in emphasis during his speech, a door leading into the gym, just out of
the corner of his eye, creaks opens. In walks a short, dorky, pale faced,
bespectacled, extremely young looking kid, 10 to 12 years of age. He is
carrying a fearsome looking Remington 870 shotgun, bearing an evil black fore-
grip and stock, silver body, and heat shield, safety off, fully loaded, his
tiny hands gripping it tightly, his finger wrapped around the trigger. As he
takes a few more steps, only C/Sgt. Grievous notices him and becomes shocked,
frozen in utter disbelief at the ridiculous sight he is beholding. He looks
like Glass Joe after getting uppercutted in the first _Punchout!! _game. He
trails off completely distracted by the kid with a shotgun. The kid raises the
shotgun and with little hesitation fires a deafening shot into the group of
middle schoolers listening to C/Sgt. Grievous. Two middle schoolers fall over
wounded, but not killed as the dumb kid gunman is using birdshot, a type of
round only designed to be harmful to birds, the tiny pellets have little death
capacity against humans, even a middle schooler.

The gymnasium falls silent; C/Sgt. Grievous breaks out of his trace and dashes
toward the kid gunman with a tightening fist. The kid cocks the shotgun, its
distinct _ker-chick_ echoes throughout the gym. Everyone is staring in
disbelief, some are starting to flee, others are taking cover. The kid gunman
raises the shotgun once again to shoulder level, but before he can fire,
C/Sgt. Grievous punches him in the face with all his Marine Corps JROTC might.
The kid gunman falls backward, accidentally firing an errant shot into the
ground, drops his weapon, and collapses against a wall. C/Sgt. Grievous
advances, fist raised again for another blow. The kid gunman wipes his
bleeding noise, looks up at C/Sgt. Grievous helpless, then starts crying.
C/Sgt. Grievous stops his advance and stands before him, looking down
menacingly on the pathetic figure that was so deadly just a moment ago.

The gymnasium snaps to life as if it were a movie being un-paused. People
scream, cry, ineptly help the wounded middle schoolers, call police, and rush
over to the disarmed pre-pubescent would-be killer. C/Pfc. Christeson bounds
over and kicks the shotgun into a corner before joining C/Sgt. Grievous on
guard duty over the kid gunman. The kid gunman continues crying and wets his
pants. Several teachers rush over to observe and comment on the scene.

A Michael Jackson-esque teacher, looking and sounding like him quips, “This is
why, to this day, I never lay a _finger_ on my children.”

A Joe Jackson-esque teacher, who looks and sounds like him protests, “Aw he
didn’t get hurt, he just got a little whupping to teach him discipline that’s
all!”

An elderly Evangelical male teacher bellows, “This is what happens when you
take GAWD out of schools!”

A snooty looking female hipster looking teacher yells, “This is about GUNS!”
She runs over to the shotgun in the corner, wagging a condemnatory finger at
it, “You see what you did? We don’t WANT you! We don’t NEED you! We don’t LOVE
you!”

A teacher that looks like Randy Marsh from _South Park_ drawls, “Man, I’m just
amazed at what I’m hearing man. Its these violent video games man, its giving
all these kids deformed brains.”

Another young teacher chimes in, “You sheep! This is clearly a false flag!
That kid is obviously a hologram and this Army guy is clearly a reptile from
outer space!”

The young teacher straightens his black frame glasses as he points at C/Sgt.
Grievous accusatorily. Everyone within earshot turns and stares, rapt.

C/Sgt. Grievous corrects him, “Ahem, we’re Marines, well junior Marines, not
Army pukes!” He then mockingly sticks his tongue out like a snake.

Several minutes later, after the gymnasium is completely empty save for the
commenting teachers, the kid gunman, C/Sgt. Grievous, and C/Pfc. Christeson, a
fat, beer-bellied police officer arrives on scene, pushes through the semi-
circle of teachers and gruffly says, “All right, calm down people, the police
are here, the good guys, my, my, my, what happened in here?” The kid gunman is
taken away in handcuffs, still sniffling.

A few minutes later, C/Sgt. Grievous is questioned in a vacant classroom by
police, going against his Uncle Kit’s advice never to talk to the police
without a lawyer present.

“Whoa! Wait, you hit a kid?” a sarcastic guido cop belts out.

“Uh…yeah, he had a shotgun, he was about to fire again, I could see it in his
eyes, he had the googly eyes guys get when they fire on a living target for
the first time,” C/Sgt. Grievous responds factually.

“You hit a baby!” a second guinea cop emotionally proclaims.

“Who was wielding shotgun!” C/Sgt. Grievous corrects him calmly.

“You hurt a toddler!” one of the cops whines purely without thought.

“Uhhh….pretty sure he was at least a tween….and he had a boomstick!” C/Sgt.
Grievous asserts, getting fed up.

“It was an infant!” another cop bitches snootily.

“Well, what would you have done? Where were you guys?” C/Sgt. Grievous demands
of them.

The cops fall dead silent. They begin twiddling their fingers, biting their
fingernails, looking away from C/Sgt. Grievous.

“We were…only like twenty minutes away, tops.” One newly nervous cop says
slowly.

“_Only_ twenty minutes?” C/Sgt. Grievous questions sarcastically.

The fat, beer-bellied cop from earlier had snuck into the room during the
interrogation and was listening from a corner, now fed up, he waddles forward
yelling.

“All right get out of here you….you…baby hater! Go home!” The boisterous cop
shouts at C/Sgt. Grievous, waving his hands in a dismissive manner at him.
C/Sgt. Grievous makes like he is about to flip the table over, but then just
calmly walks away.

******

**Commercial break 2: **

Dramatic, intense war movie music starts off.

US Army soldiers are shown fighting in Vietnam (note some of this footage is
from other movies like _Hamburger Hill_, _Apocalypse Now_, etc.).

“It was the first major battle of the Vietnam War…” a voiceover begins.

More footage is seen of US soldiers fighting, landing in helicopters, driving
patrol boats, etc.

**“**It was a turning point in history….” the voiceover narrates.

An angry looking Army commander is seen belting out to a room full of troops,
“Gentleman, this will be the largest operation of the war! We will fight the
enemy on his 10-yard line!”

“He was a distinguished military commander and Korean War veteran,” the
voiceover states, referring to the angry looking commander.

Mel Gibson’s character is shown, decked out in medals, looking regal.

**“**It _should_ have been the greatest moment of his life….” the voiceover quips.

Commander Mel is seen leading his men in battle, waving his arms, shouting
orders, kicking hesitant soldiers in the ass with a steel toed boot.

**“**But instead….” the voiceover says in an expectant tone.

“Uh sir, you have a call,” a radio operator calls out to Commander Mel in the
midst of the battle.

“Waahhh? Who is it?” the Commander Mel demands, incredulous.

“Uh, it’s your wife sir!” the nervous radio operator shouts over the raging
din.

Commander Mel looks shocked; he angrily grabs the phone out of the radio
operator’s hand.

**“**He got angry!” the voiceover blares.

Commander Mel is seen going off on the phone, “Just smile and BLOW ME!!!!”

A wounded soldier begs him to help, “Sir, Charlie Company is being overrun!”

Commander Mel ignores him and continues going off, “If you get RAPED, it will
be YOUR fault because you are PROVOCATIVELY DRESSED!”

**“**Coming this fall….” the voiceover announces proudly.

Commander Mel continues ranting, ignoring the battle and his pleading
comrades, even as North Vietnamese Army soldiers run by in the background, “I
don’t WANT you! I don’t LOVE you! I don’t NEED you!”

**“**Get ready to get angry!” the voiceover exclaims to the viewer.

Commander Melis seen screaming on the phone as a huge wall of flame erupts
behind him.

**“**We Were Angry!” the voiceover declares as the title appears with an explosion.

A text box across the bottom of the screen displays the message, “Playing at
your local theater, November 14th.”

******

Later that same day at the C/Sgt. Grievous residence, C/Sgt. Grievous’s
grandfather Walter Kay is watching the news in a room, dark except for the
light of the TV. The footage shows people streaming out of the school in a
panic as a voiceover details the events. C/Pfc. Christeson is seen strolling
by calmly before noticing the camera, stopping, putting down the Marine Corps
JROTC materials he was carrying, assuming a position like he is riding a
horse, making his arms short like a T-Rex’s arms, laughing gratingly, then
reciting, “Make it, make it, don’t fake it, make it, make it, don’t take it,
make it, make it, god damn it! Forget this! I’m outta here! This is too hot
for TV!” Then he saunters off after collecting his materials.

The voiceover continues, “The man responsible for stopping the prepubescent
gunman has been identified as Helltown High School Marine Corps JROTC cadet
sergeant Grievous….”

Walter Kay turns the TV off, unknowingly keeping with the series tradition
never to have C/Sgt. Grievous’s last name be spoken. He walks by a passed out
Uncle Kit on the floor and into the kitchen where C/Sgt. Grievous is having a
late night snack, eating cereal dry out of the box with his hand.

“This is pretty good Crappin Bunch…” Sgt. Grievous says unthinkingly
mispronouncing the name of the cereal.

“Did you do something _BAD_ at school today?” Walter Kay asks emphasizing bad
strongly.

“Hmmm,” C/Sgt. Grievous thinks hard, “Well, there was this minor international
incident thing …”

“I know what you did! I always knew you were capable of something like this! I
knew it! I knew it!” Walter Kay says getting louder with each word pointing
his finger accusatorily at C/Sgt. Grievous.

“Hey leave the guy alone! Imma sure he’s getting enough of that SHIT at
school! You did the right thing, Greeve. Remember it’s the turds that don’t do
anythang, that are the wrong ones! No one ever won the Congressional Medal of
Honor by sitting ssssteels, shitting themself, wishing someone bigger,
stronger, smarterer, handsome-er came along to save them!” Uncle Kit yells in
a slurred manner from his position lying on the floor in the other room.

“Ah, what do you know, you’re drunk!” Walter Kay shouts dismissively back at
him, while waving his arm.

“Hey I fight better drunk than you fight sober old man!” Uncle Kit yells in an
escalating tone.

“Why I oughta! Why I oughta!” Walter Kay threatens, flexing with his old man
arm and making threatening gestures.

C/Sgt. Grievous drops the box of cereal and clears his throat, and shouts over
all in a very offended voice, “HEY IS ANYBODY GONNA MAKE DINNER?”

Suddenly forgetting their quarrel and returning to normal Walter Kay and Uncle
Kit fall silent. Walter Kay starts assembling a meal, “Ah shicklegruber…” he
mutters in frustration.

Uncle Kit staggers into the kitchen and collapses in a chair. He murmurs to
C/Sgt. Grievous, “Remember the sheeps always hates the sheepdogs after the
wolves leaves because he just proved whatta bunch of pussies they really are!”
C/Sgt. Grievous just stares at him with a grim look, but he is thinking about
it.

Walter Kay upon hearing the murmuring says aloud, “I just want everyone to
eat; I don’t care what you do after that, I don’t care what you do in your
free time, I just want everyone to EAT!” They both stare at him curiously.

C/Sgt. Grievous raises his box of cereal like a wine glass, “I’ll drink to
that.” Uncle Kit raises an invisible wine glass in unison.

The next day at Helltown High School, C/Sgt. Grievous walks in normally like
it’s any other day, like shit didn’t happen. C/Pfc. Christeson and C/Corporal
Pearson greet him enthusiastically as usual.

“Hey Sarn’t, is Paris burning?” C/Pfc. Christeson jokes, seeming to forget the
previous day’s events.

“Oh somethings burning alright, but it ain’t Paris!” C/Sgt. Grievous jokes
back at him.

“Hey hero, hows….the ladies?” C/Cpl. Pearson says nudging C/Sgt. Grievous and
raising his eyebrows.

“None yet, but when they do show up man……I’ll suspect they’ll be carrying
picket signs!” C/Sgt. Grievous answers in a jesting manner.

Getting deadly serious for a minute C/Sgt. Grievous says, “Get to class you
guys and don’t speak of what happened yesterday ever AGAIN! That’s an ORDER!”

They both give off a pffttt, exchange glances, then leave.

The other students either glare at C/Sgt. Grievous then look away quickly
before they are seen, whisper quietly as he walks by or give him looks varying
from smiles to shakes of their heads to gasps. The Con Air squad of his Marine
JROTC detachment (which consists of juvenile justice system convicts allowed a
second chance under the “Leave No Child Behind Act”) are all sitting together
in the hallway, conversing amongst themselves. As C/Sgt. Grievous passes them,
they all make eye contact with him and nod approvingly, smiling at him for the
first time ever, as if approving of him only now because he has done something
that society disagrees with. Much like the sergeant they consider themselves
to have done “right” in their crimes, but faced society’s wrath of
disagreement over it.

In his first class, C/Sgt. Grievous’s teacher is taking attendance, getting to
his name on the roll call list, she hesitates.

“Ba….ba..baby…Mister Grievous! Are you present or not? Speak up!” she
stutters.

“Still on the loose ma’am!” C/Sgt. Grievous speaks up to say.

C/Sgt. Grievous is assigned a nerdy punk looking girl in flannel to be lab
partners with. They exchange pleasantries and start working on the project,
C/Sgt. Grievous stares down into a microscope as if he were looking down a
bombsight on a mission over Germany.

“…..I think what you did was wrong,” the girl spits out. C/Sgt. Grievous sighs
and looks up from the microscope incredibly exasperated already.

“That kid was adorable,” the girl gushes.

“And his looks have any bearing on the morality or legality of his behavior?”
C/Sgt. Grievous looks at her tiredly asking.

“NO child deserves to be hurt, he’s not responsible for his own actions, I
blame the parents!” the girl protests, pounding her fist on the table.

“No one asked for your opinion!” C/Sgt. Grievous retaliates, raising his arms
into a Christ-like crucifixion pose. Let’s just get this lab over with, then
you can spout off like a faucet and never talk to me ever again!”

“That poor baby was probably bullied a lot!” the girl whines, almost reaching
tears.

“So is most of the population, but you know, somehow, someway, we all suppress
the urge to go on _KILLING SPREES_!” C/Sgt. Grievous replies, getting louder
and ending in a yell, the whole class stares at him as he shouts. He looks the
girl in the eyes as he finishes, “as hard as that may be at times!”

The girl perks up in her seat. “I’m homeschooling my kids, I don’t wanna die!”
the girl says like a _Perfect Dark_ enemy dying.

C/Sgt. Grievous sighs, stands up, raises his hand, and announces to his
teacher, “I’ll take the zero, now if you’ll excuse me…” He gathers his gear
and exits into the hallway. The teacher breathes a sigh of relief as the door
closes behind him.

Walking down the hallway, presumably to march on home, C/Sgt. Grievous
suddenly hears someone going, “psst, psst.” He drops into crouching position
and looks around, hands clamped into tight fists. He looks behind him and sees
a student peeking out from a bathroom.

“Sergeant! Over here!” the student beckons, waving and performing a sloppy
salute (even though you don’t salute sergeants).

C/Sgt. Grievous, still crouching, moves over to him. The student extends his
hand.

“Dick Dickens, _Helltown High Weekly_, I’m doing a story on the Marine JROTC
unit here and word is, you’re the god damn best Marine in the unit,” he
introduces himself, verbally disarming his target.

“The best shot, the best looking, the best at _You sunk my Starship_….” C/Sgt.
Grievous brags in a relaxed tone.

“Care to take a few questions?” Dick Dickens asks excitedly.

“As long as you put a picture of my mug with your article mister newspaper
man!” C/Sgt. Grievous says cockily.

“Great, right this way!” Dick Dickens gushes like a used car salesman.

He leads C/Sgt. Grievous to the audio/visual classroom. Inside the room, wall-
to-wall there are reporters from every news outlet from Sharpsburg, Maryland
to Shandong, China. They immediately begin screaming questions and taking
flash pictures of the stunned C/Sgt. Grievous. Some of the questions thrown at
him are:

“Have you ever hit a child before?”

“Have you ever dreamt of hitting a child?”

“Do you have any regrets?”

“What violent video games do you play?”

“Do you think guns are an extension of the penis?”

“Do you support the war in Iraq or just the war in Afghanistan?”

“If you could do it all over again, would you?”

“So whats wrong with you?”

“Who ARE you?”

“Who is hungry?”

“Shouldn’t all guns everywhere be banned immediately?”

“Are you a literal false flag?”

“What SSRIs are you on and how many do you take a day?”

“Did you drink your blood today yet?”

Also being shouted for no reason are the phrases:

“My baby! My baby!”

“It’s Christmas people!”

“Children! Children!”

“Take back the city!”

“My leg! My leggggg!”

“Oh I’ll never love again!”

“What a world! What a world!”

“It was a massacre! A massacre!”

“Remember Waxhaws!”

C/Sgt. Grievous stunned in utter amazement, slowly backs towards the door,
stuttering/babbling out nonsensically, “My name is cadet sergeant-o Grievous
of the real Marines who will knock your brains out…I have two moms and I do
the best I can, because I’m a mechanical man….”

As he backs to the door, it opens slightly and an arm with a fingerless
leather glove on its hand slowly wraps around his shoulder and pulls him out a
doorway abruptly. It turns out to be C/Pfc. Leroy Jenkins, a member of C/Sgt.
Grievous’s squad. They begin walking down the hall as they converse.

“Well you just earned yourself a citation of excellence!” C/Sgt. Grievous
reports to him in a breathless manner.

“I heard all the hysteria in the hall, figured it was you, I mean who else
fires people up like that? C/Cpl. Emil when he has an AK maybe! I knew they
were killing ya Sarn’t. Couldn’t let them do that, that jobs for the Iraqis!”
C/Pfc. Jenkins explains.

“Yeah, yeah from the looks of it I’ve been designated scapegoat #1 for this
whole thing, I mean we can’t blame the person who did it now can we? And we
certainly can’t blame ourselves, right?” C/Sgt. Grievous questions
rhetorically, mockingly.

“Look I can’t hear a word you’re saying my knee is jerking too hard! Better
split before they catch on Sarn’t.” C/Pfc. Jenkins jokes back.

C/Sgt. Grievous sinks into a crouching walk position, “Warn the others,
they’re likely to be interviewed….and never speak of this again!” he orders,
then crouch walks away.

C/Pfc. Jenkins begins to walk away, but abruptly stops. “Wait, how am I
supposed to do one without violating the other?” he asks inquisitively.

C/Sgt. Grievous grits his teeth and waves an arm at him in a frustrated
manner. “Just fucking do it god damn it!” he shouts, losing his cool for a
second.

“Alright, Jesus!” C/Pfc. Jenkins says exasperatedly throwing up his arms
before stalking off.

*******

**Commercial break 3:**

Carnival/merry-go-round/circus music plays over the first few scenes.

“He was a boring guy with a boring job leading an uninteresting life…” the
voiceover starts off.

We see the main character inspecting a rollertoaster, note that all
rollercoasters in this commercial will have giant toasters for their cars and
thus be rollertoasters not rollercoasters.

“But when a madman threatens to bomb a rollertoaster, he suddenly becomes
relevant…and an action star!” the voiceover exclaims excitedly.

A rollertoaster is seen derailing, the main character is seen running,
jumping, fighting someone on a rollertoaster track. “That rollertoaster is out
of control!” a pedestrian yells.

The mad bomber is seen speaking like former president George W. Bush, “You see
mister rollertoaster inspector man, I’ve got strategery and you don’t.”

“This summer!” the voiceover declares.

A rollertoaster is seen flying off it’s track and over the moon like the bike
jump in _ET_.

“Prepare for suspense!” the voiceover entices.

The main character is seen throwing his shoes at the mad bomber like shoes
were thrown at former president George W. Bush.

“Prepare for disaster!” the voiceover warns.

A rollertoaster is seen on fire, with giant slices of bread as its passengers
instead of people.

“Prepare for a movie that should be ninety minutes long, dragged out into two
and a half hours!” the voiceover states non-sarcastically.

The main character and the mad bomber are shown casually sitting together at a
board meeting.

“Rollertoaster!” the voiceover concludes as the title appears in the wake of a
swooshing rollertoaster.

A text box on the screen displays the message, “Playing at your local theater,
June 10th.”

******

The rest of the week progresses in a montage with Mozart’s “Lacrimosa” playing
in the background, the scenes in this montage include:

\--People continue to give C/Sgt. Grievous strange looks as he walks places

\--C/Sgt. Grievous continuing to take zeroes in each and every class after
getting fed up as group partner after group partner goes on rants about the
shootings/his actions

\--Press members ambush C/Sgt. Grievous and ask him leading questions like
“isn’t it a crime for an 18-year old to hit an 11-year old?”

\--Newspaper headlines flash that the nameless shooting victims have recovered
and are being visited by Batman, another flashes revealing that the gunman has
plead not guilty and his lawyer going with the violent video game defense, yet
another flash reads, “New Jersey Kid Hitter Shows No Remorse.”

\--The Con Air squad of C/Sgt. Grievous’s Marine JROTC detachment continues to
be warm to him, tossing him in the air several times on a giant blanket.

\--Talking heads on news shows propose impractical solutions to the problem of
school shootings such as banning school, banning life, confiscating all
violent video games/music/TV shows/movies, everyone wearing huge bomb squad
suits, etc.

\--Michael Jackson saying his “this is why kids come to school with guns” bit
from _Living with Michael Jackson._

\--Interviews with Walter Kay forgetting who C/Sgt. Grievous is, C/Cpl.
Pearson saying C/Sgt. Grievous was a fun loving guy, and C/Sgt. Grievous’s
Uncle Kit saying C/Sgt. Grievous was_ turning his life aroundddddddddd_.

\--A sign left outside Helltown Middle School amongst other memorials that
simply reads “Whyyyyyyyyyyyy?”

After school on a Friday afternoon C/Sgt. Grievous and C/Cpl. Pearson sit at a
table at “Hamas Pizza,” a local pizzeria run by Hamas and chow down on their
oversized slices. Since they’re off duty, C/Cpl. Pearson wears an MTV shirt
similar to Blaine’s in _Predator_ and C/Sgt. Grievous has on a shirt that
commands, “Praise the Lord and Pass the Ammunition.” The pizzeria is empty
except for C/Sgt. Grievous, C/Cpl. Pearson, a married couple at one table, the
G-man from _Half-Life_ at another table, and two Hamas devotees manning the
counter. C/Sgt. Grievous holds the pizza slice like a taco and eats sloppily.

“So Sarn’t hows the whole baby hitting infamy going?” C/Cpl. Pearson asks
slowly, knowing he’s threading on dangerous ground.

C/Sgt. Grievous drops the slice. “What? I thought I told you never to talk to
me about that again Pearson!” he rebukes him angrily.

“Shit…sorry man! Been on the tip of my tongue all week!” C/Cpl. Pearson
apologizes clumsily.

“Well since you asked…I’m in HELL! I’m in Hell! I can’t go an hour without it
somehow getting mentioned to me! Even the aliens in my reoccurring dreams are
asking about it! Sucks dude! Hope this reputation doesn’t follow me the rest
of my life. Who knew saving the day was the wrong thing to do? I mean really!”
C/Sgt. Grievous elaborates, venting.

“Hey, don’t worry Sarn’t they’ll forget all about this in the Marines, we’re
at war, they won’t give a shit! You did the right thing man. If that kid had
just a few more hairs on his ballsack, you’d be hailed as national hero right
now. Honors and women poured on you like Seen Been as Odysseus in the
_Odyssey_.” C/Cpl. Pearson mellowly says.

“Sucks…” C/Sgt. Grievous mutters as he continues to eat.

“Did you pray to your Smedley Butler/Chesty Puller poster last night?” C/Cpl.
Pearson wonders.

The scene jumps to a darkened room with monks chanting in the background,
C/Sgt. Grievous kneels before a poster of Smedley Butler/Chesty Puller whilst
wearing a brown robe.

“I did but even a chest length eagle, globe, and anchor tattoo isn’t going to
change my reputation now.” C/Sgt. Grievous murmurs in a defeated manner.

“Cheer up man! Historians are gonna write someday that this was your first
episode of heroic ass kicking! And that punk kid who did this is gonna turn
out to be some psychopath, sure as shit man! People will see you’re right.
ORRRRR you could move to some South Pacific island nation where no one knows
you. Then you’ll be like you were at school just a few days ago…completely
anonymous,” C/Cpl. Pearson explains, trying to help.

“I wonder if the natives have a Marine Corps.” C/Sgt. Grievous ponders,
suddenly distracted by the absurd thought. C/Sgt. Grievous and C/Cpl. Pearson
finish their meal in silence, lost in their own thoughts. C/Cpl. Pearson at
last breaks the silence.

“I don’t care if it supports terrorism this pizza is grade A!” C/Cpl. Pearson
broadcasts to the entire eatery.

In the background a nearby wall mounted TV has been playing the news the whole
time, suddenly a bell sounds, and a worthless talking head appears.

“This is a BSNN (Bullshit News Network) alert! We are getting reports of a
shooting at a high school in Madison, Wisconsin! Injuries of unknown number
and severity have been reported! We will be following this story with an
electron microscope for the next few weeks and dissecting every detail of the
shooter or shooters life in excruciating detail, giving him or her instant
worldwide fame and providing a blueprint for future aspirants. Stay tuned as
we cover this developing situation!” the talking head reveals of the situation
and their intentions.

Everyone in the pizzeria, C/Sgt. Grievous, C/Cpl. Pearson, the two Hamas
behind the counter, and a middle-aged man and his wife, stare at the screen,
mesmerized. The G-man has mysteriously disappeared, but no one notices. The
married couple, C/Sgt. Grievous, and C/Cpl. Pearson hurriedly run over to the
TV and pull up chairs, staring up at it awaiting eagerly the next words.

“We now go live to Madison, Wisconsin with our on scene reporter Derek Katz.
Derek…..” The newsman deadpans.

“This is ridiculous! I’m moving into an igloo!” the married man yells out
unsolicited.

“We used to have institutions for people like this!” the wife says in a
disgusted manner.

“Ha! Another shooting? Yessssssss!” C/Sgt. Grievous says unable to contain
himself. The married couple gives him the strangest look.

C/Cpl. Pearson nudges C/Sgt. Grievous, then slaps him on the back, “You’re
yesterday’s news Sarn’t! Soon no one is gonna remember you! What a lucky
break! I swear man someday you’re gonna pull some ridiculous bullshit like
bagging Been La-deen on your first patrol in the Hindu Kush.”

C/Sgt. Grievous turns to C/Cpl. Pearson, he stands up straight, smiling and
says in an official voice like Ralph Cramden’s Chef of the Future, “Ha-ha!
Corporal Pearson, prepare to move out!”

C/Cpl. Pearson says joyously, “You got it Sarn’t! Didn’t I tell you! Man I
tell you what!” He smacks C/Sgt. Grievous on the back again.

Outside they drive off in C/Cpl. Pearson’s high mobility multi-wheeled
vehicle, also known as a hummer, with C/Sgt. Grievous sticking his head out of
the window like a dog and smiling.

The episode ends with C/Sgt. Grievous in his signature TV watching position,
lying upside down on the couch, eating popcorn out of a bowl, watching the
news. A smile tugs at his face.

A furious talking head is spouting off, “We need to _do something_! Lock up
everyone weird! Mandatory medication! Public homeschooling! It’s only a matter
of time till another BARHEAD does something GOOFY!”

As the hysterical voice trails off the scene fades to black and ends, keeping
with the series tradition to always end with a sentence featuring the title of
the show. The version of the song, “My dream girl don’t exist” by Pangaea
plays over the credits.

**Trivia:** References include _UHF, Trash Humpers, Mike Tyson’s Punch Out!!, Ace Ventura: Pet Detective, Living with Michael Jackson, South Park, The Honeymooners_, the Bob Larsen-James Mason radio interview, _Troy, _Alex Jones/Godlike productions, various conspiracy theories, _All That, _New Jersey culture, _Battleship_, US Marine Corps history, Adolf Hitler quotes, anger over stray cats, American mass shootings and media/populace reactions, Mozart, _The Crucible_, _Spongebob Squarepants_, _The Wizard of Oz_, the American Revolution, Pangaea, _Mystery Science Theater 3000_, _ET_, Charlie Manson quotes, the No Child Left Behind act, _Con Air_, Korn, _Let’s get ready to Red Box Rumble!_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _The Ballad of Sergeant Kit_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _King of the Hill, Half-Life: Opposing Force, _Mel Gibson’s phone rant, _Perfect Dark 64_,and _Love and Death._

\--The kid gunman carries a silver and black shotgun, representing the duality
of man, good and evil, dark versus light, yin versus yang, etc. Similarly, in
the pizza parlor, C/Cpl. Pearson has a garbage pie while C/Sgt. Grievous eats
a plain slice, representing these same dualities.

\--C/Cpl. Pearson says C/Sgt. Grievous will capture Bin Laden by some
ridiculous luck. In real life it was ridiculous luck that eventually got Bin
Laden as it was admitted the raid had a less than 50% chance of succeeding.

\--Madison, Wisconsin was chosen as the city which the second shooting takes
place in due to it being referenced in the song playing over the credits. Also
there is very little crime in Madison, making a shooting there all the more
shocking and truly frightening as that means it _can_ really happen anywhere.
Gasp!

\--Just as C/Sgt. Grievous prays to a Chesty Puller poster, Marine recruits in
boot camp often say goodnight to the ghost of Chesty Puller before lights out
as a tradition.

\--Episode was inspired by the real life 2013 Reno, Nevada middle school and
2014 Roswell, New Mexico middle school shootings.

\--Since Barheads takes place in 2005/2006, C/Sgt. Grievous’s speech to the
middle schoolers about the Marines PTSD battles and suicide rates is prophetic
of the skyrocketing rates the Marines would see a few years later.

\--Nearly all the ridiculous reactions, proposed solutions, and questions in
the episode are taken from reality.

\--An alternative title for the episode could be “fame-whoring” as that is the
main activity of nearly everyone including C/Pfc. Christeson, reporter Dick
Dickens, the press members, C/Sgt. Grievous’s lab partners, and, of course,
the kid gunman.

\--“Take back the city!” was an actual phrase actually shouted after a gang
shooting in Trenton, NJ.

\--Shicklegruber was a nickname for Hitler.

