### FROM XIRO TO HERO! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-08-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** At a local bank when a fat, slow witted teller has to cash a check for a hysteria prone middle-aged woman, chaos ensues when he takes longer than thirty seconds to do so. 

* * *

**_From Xiro to Hero!_**

As the opening drumbeat of “Be My Baby” by the Ronettes rings out, a comely
blonde haired, green eyed 16-year-old girl, henceforth known as Disadvantaged
Girl (DG) is seen waking up and struggling to get out of bed. She stretches
her arms out wide in exasperation and we see she is wearing the Megadeth shirt
with a Great white shark on it. Life is hard for her being a disadvantaged
girl and all. Her parents are both divorced and losers and thus she is doomed
to be a loser as well (or so she believes), hence, she is a disadvantaged
girl.

As the song continues into its first verse, we see home movies from DG’s
childhood. She plays catch with herself by tossing a baseball up high and then
letting it fall to the ground. She pets an invisible, non-existent dog next to
a dog bowl labeled, “Humphrey.” At her school’s “senior night” she is shown
standing with two twenty-something dudes who have sleeve tattoos of _Doom_
enemies as opposed to the other students who are standing with their real,
biological parents. At Christmas time, DG is seen excitedly opening a present
only to discover the carefully wrapped box she was tearing at is completely
empty. For some reason one scene shows a young zoot suited Harvey Keitel
standing on a street corner, smiling for the camera.

As “Be My Baby” reaches its crescendo the title of the apparent movie is
displayed, that title being _DG Streets_.

(Oh wait, due to an injunction made by “Be My Baby” writer Phil Spector from
prism, we have to stop _DG Streets_ because we used his song without his
permission. Even with our protests of “we love “Be My Baby,”” “we grew up with
“Be My Baby,”” “it makes the film,” “we don’t have _DG Streets _without “Be My
Baby,”” and “aw come on Phil cut us a break, remember when you were starting
out?”, he was unmoved. And so without further ado…………)

Bernhard Barnhart, a 92-year-old World War II Army veteran sits in the lobby
of a local bank in the town of Bound Bridge. Bernhard is quite the hard ass,
in World War II he made four combat parachute jumps and was awarded the Bronze
and Silver Stars. He’s so tough he even got a tattoo of a topless woman on his
arm…that now looks like a bowl of strawberry pudding. Nothing fazes him, he’s
seen it all. They don’t call his generation the “greatest” for nothing, I’ll
tell you what. Bernhard never even pondered what made his generation so great;
to him it was simply intrinsic. I mean really, they teamed up with the worst
mass murderer in human history (Josef Stalin), fought less than 25% of a
shattered, depleted German Army on the Western Front, genuinely helped destroy
one the greatest, most advanced civilizations on the planet, helped start the
45-year-long Cold War, and sold off half of Europe to a dictator many now
agree was worse than Hitler (oh and who also didn’t like Jews). All in all,
not a bad days work!

As he digs through his pocket for the check he plans on cashing, he discovers
he still has the talking minion from _Despicable Me_ that was in the happy
meal he bought his grandson (regardless of his grandson being thirty-five-
years-old). As he presses down on its head, the minion squeals out in
borderline gibberish, “What the fuck?”

“Baaaaaaahhhhh!” Bernhard old man yells as he tosses the minion across the
room and falls off his chair. In all his thirty-three months of active combat
duty in the greatest war humanity has ever seen, he’s never seen nor heard
anything as horrible, as awful, as terrible, as life ruining, as this.

As a Good Samaritan (who looks like a Hispanic version of the late Colonel
Muammar Gaddafi) rushes over to him, he gradually heaves himself up into a
sitting position and with tears streaming down his cheeks declares to the
room, “I _never_ thought I’d see a minion curse!”

As Hispanic Gaddafi helps him back into his chair, old Bernhard continues
sobbing, this was ten times worse than when he came upon that class of German
frauleins boiled to death in a water tower by incendiary bombs.

On a wall mounted TV in the lobby, one of those music video only channels is
playing the greatest adult contemporary/easy listening/alternative adult hits
of the 1980s. Though no one is actually a fan of this kind of music (at least
that I know of, how about you?).

Billy Ocean, dressed in an all-white tuxedo croons away on one side of the
screen as images fade in and out on the other side.

“Tell me what is the color of love? What do you see? Is it warm, is it tender
when you think of me?” Mr. Ocean serenades the fading images.

The images fading in and out include the infamous Mattress girl and her _blue
_hair, her _blue_ mattress, Victoria Justice wearing a _blue_ tank top on her
show_ Victorious_, a woman (presumably) in a _blue_ full body burka, members
of the _Blue_ Man Group, the Queen of England wearing a _blue_ floppy hat on
her 180th birthday (in reptilian years that is), a _blue_ raspberry pop tart,
and Rocky _Bleu_ from the TV show _Shake It Up!_

At the front counter two bank employees banter with each other trying to pass
the eternal boredom of the day. One looks like Jonah Hill, has a “Jewish
person from Long Island in the 1980s” accent, and is wearing a kippah on top
of his afro (also known as Jew fro). The other is a perpetually chill young
Hispanic man who is somehow named Ulysses.

“This author is a genius! In his first book, high school students drink, do
drugs, and have sex, in his second book, college students drink, do drugs, and
have sex, and get this, in his third book, young urban professional people
drink, do drugs, and have sex! Whoa!” Jonah Hill’s cousin enthusiastically
explains to his co-worker, waving his arms so furiously his kippah almost
falls off his Jew fro.

“Eh, been done before…” Ulysses replies whilst shrugging. He really doesn’t
care for Mr. Jew Fro’s antics, he’s too busy _lookin’_ at the TV waiting to
see if the images in the music video cycle back to Victoria Justice (*wolf
whistle*)…………..or least the blue raspberry pop tart.

Behind the duo and further behind a partition, two employees are seemingly
playing one of the many versions of _Where’s Waldo?_

“Is THAT Wizard Whitebeard?” one voice asks, full of hope (or dope, either
or).

“…………..No,” another answers, monotone and annoyed.

“Uh, oh okay, hmm…..is **that** Wizard Whitebeard?” the first voice asks
again, confident in his answer.

“…………..No,” the second voice replies getting quite ticked off at this point.

“Oh…….well is _that_ Wizard Whitebeard?” the first voice, a dull, dopey drawl
questions yet again.

“………….No…………that’s the Ayatollah of Iran,” the second voice corrects him, his
tone even more one of vexation than before.

“Yo Vito! Do you remember _BerenSTEIN Bears_?” Ulysses suddenly calls out to
his co-worker, remembering an internet article he read earlier that day.

Vito, whose real name is some unpronounceable Greek monstrosity, is manning
the drive-thru counter. He is called Vito by his co-workers because of his
absolutely uncanny resemble to Don Vito from _Viva La Bam_. He sluggishly
turns his giant ham head around and addresses Ulysses.

“Yeah I remember the Bering Sea Bears. My parents usedta read it to me when I
wassa kid, and they usedta read it together back when they were cuzzins,” Vito
explains, smiling at the memory.

“Back when they _used_ to be cousins?” Mr. Jew Fro interjects, shocked at the
notion.

“Yeah! They usedta be cuzzins and they still are too! Dough I think being
married super-seeds that,” Vito clarifies for him.

“Well, I think everyone remembering _BerenSTEIN Bears_ when now it appears as
_BerenSTAIN Bears_ everywhere is proof of a parallel universe,” Ulysses
continues on despite the interruption, getting everyone back on track.

“Oh don’t be silly. It’s probably just a memory distortion or the power of
suggestion or even a self-created false memory. But most likely it’s just a
big old coincidence that everyone misremembered the same exact thing. This is
the best of all possible worlds, there are no others,” Mr. Jew Fro enlightens
his co-workers, casually dismissing a Hindenburg sized and very unlikely
coincidence.

Just at that moment, a beat-to-hell blue minivan pulls up to the drive-thru
and Vito achingly turns back to his desk, dutiful to the last.

“Izdehanytingekseicanhewpyouwifftuhday?” Vito greets the customer
incomprehensibly.

His customer is none other than Bound Bridge bank regular Jacqueline, a
constantly hysterical flabby blonde haired middle-aged woman who is as easily
excitable as gasoline is flammable. In spite of all that, its people like her
that are making all the command and executive decisions in the world today.
The squeaky wheel may get the grease, but the annoying middle-aged shrieking
wheel gets extra grease and then some!

“WHAT?????” Jacqueline yells much louder than necessary over the speaker to
Vito.

Vito winces as his eardrums are burst by the shrill cry.

“Uh, morningma’ham!” Vito welcomes her, slightly less incomprehensibly.

“HELLO? I’d like to cash a check, I want to send it through this tube type
thing,” Jacqueline, still confused, announces her intentions.

“Uh, o-thay,” Vito manages to mutter through the pain. He presses a button
sending a small container flying through a long plastic tube that goes over
the drive-thru and lands on a platform near Jacqueline’s blue, war-torn
minivan.

“Baaaaah!” Jacqueline screeches as even though she knew the container was
coming, it still surprises her. Folks, she was once surprised to learn that
running a carbon monoxide producing motor indoors is fatal, so bear with me
here.

After the initial shock wears off, Jacqueline sends the check back over to
Vito. Vito struggles to remove the check from the tiny container with his
sausage fingers, but he eventually is able to retrieve it, as he is
persistent.

Poor Vito squints at it, but can’t make out any words or numbers on the check
aside from “it’s Christmas people!” written on the memo line. The check looks
like it was written by an ancient, dying 94-year-old woman, which ironically
enough is exactly who it was written by. Hence, Jacqueline here is getting a
Christmas check notwithstanding it being August.

Less than thirty seconds have passed, but to Jacqueline it might as well have
been six hours, she whines into the drive-thru speaker, “Waaahhhh! This is
ridiculous!”

Vito shudders from the verbal assault and squints harder at the check but
still can’t make out a single digit. He begins muttering incomprehensibly.

“Yo Vito, why you using an abacus?” Ulysses shouts to him from across the bank
after noticing the mental meltdown he’s having.

“Abacus????” Vito babbles questioningly, turning around in his chair,
attempting to face the direction of Ulysses, inadvertently knocking over the
abacus on his desk in the process.

“Oh my Gawd! They’re so slow here; I’m never coming here again!” Jacqueline
moans like it is such torture to wait a single minute in the modern age.

In a panic, the hyperventilating Vito counts out nine dollars and forty cents
and sends it back through the tube. The actual check was for $94, Jacqueline’s
inheritance for her years and years of loyal hysteric outbursts in her
relative’s presence.

As the container zooms away, Vito starts to breathe normally again, he looks
down (well as down as he can look with a turkey neck) and discovers that he
sweated all over a stack of blank checks. He resolves to give them away to the
next customer that comes in because people used to sweat all the time in the
olden days. Nbd, right?

Jacqueline is just about to raise a stink about the wrong amount she’s
received when she hears a news report on the radio and believing the news 100%
she takes every word as gospel.

“This just in, two young dangerous WHITE males have been arrested after trying
to conduct a mass shooting at the Pokey-Man World Championship! The two
dangerous WHITE men broadcasted their intentions on social media beforehand,
then drove all the way from Iowa to Massachusetts, and after reaching their
destination tried to enter the contest unarmed, apparently leaving their
rifle, shotgun, and ammunition in their car, what is this amateur night? They
were sensed by an Abra, their intentions were seen by a Kadabra, and their
route was predicted by an Alakazam. An Electabuzz apprehended the duo at the
door,” a 1940s style radio broadcaster reports professionally.

Forgetting for the moment that her kids are adults, have full-time jobs, and
have not been into Pokey-Man at any time in the last fifteen years, and
furthermore forgetting that the “incident” was a non-incident in which nothing
happened, Jacqueline freaks the fuck out, wailing, wiggling about in her seat,
and tearing up the money in her hand in grief. She just_ KNOWS_ with all her
motherly intuition that her kids were at that event and that they were
casualties! Without a moment to lose, she speeds off without any additional
protest towards Vito’s customer service.

Back in the bank, Vito breathes a labored sign of relief, he looks over his
shoulders to see his co-worker behind the partition has left a note for him
reading, “I quit. Thank you Chubbs stock!”

Vito shrugs his massive shoulders and wonders if Chubbs is a meat company of
some kind.

“Uh, do you remember Pokey-Man?” Ulysses inquires of Mr. Jew Fro, trying to be
a friendly guy to his insufferable co-worker.

Mr. Jew Fro suddenly seems on the verge of tears, his face wrinkles up, his
eyes shut tight, and even his fro sags in sadness.

“IT’S STILL REAL TO ME DAMMIT!” Mr. Jew Fro howls in an inexplicably southern
drawl through his waterfall of tears.

**Trivia:** References include “Be My Baby” by the Ronettes, the Phil Spector explains “Be My Baby” YouTube video, _Girl Meets World_, _Mean Streets_, Sergeant Major Basil Plumley, _Despicable Me_, the cursing minion controversy, “The Color of Love” by Billy Ocean, the _BerenSTEIN Bears_ vs. _BerenSTAIN Bears _debate, _Victorious_, _Where’s Waldo?_, _Shake it Up!_, the Blue Man Group, _Viva La Bam_, Mitch Hedberg stand-up, Megadeth, Bret Easton Ellis, Muammar Gaddafi, the “It’s Still Real to Me Dammit” YouTube video, the 2015 attempted Pokey-Man World Championship shooting, Jonah Hill, _Dr. Adele or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Tsar Bomba_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Slaughterhouse Five_, the Mattress Girl controversy, _Doom_, _The Mask_, _Total Coincidence!_ (also on this site under XavierJets), various conspiracy theories, As I Die Sighing, Chubbs stock, _King of the Hill_, _Candide the Optimist_, and _Hot Car_ (also on this site under XavierJets).

\--I did know someone who mistook a SWAT team practicing operations in a mall
for a terrorist attack after hearing it on a police scanner and then did think
her children were casualties of it, despite them both having full-time jobs
and not being mall-goers.

