### BARHEAD EPISODE: ASSAULT SOCKS by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-09-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When Marine Corps JROTC Cadet Corporal Pearson wears a Wild West themed pair of socks to school, an overly melodramatic student spots the cartoon gun on the socks during class, considers it a real gun, and absolute chaos ensues. 

* * *

**_Barhead Episode: Assault Socks_**

**Note:**This post is part of a series called _Barheads_, for more information on this series please see the post _Barhead Episode: Das Poot_ on this site under XavierJets.

**Timeframe: **Sometime between September 2005 and June 2006 and chronologically after the episode _Das Poot _(also on this site under XavierJets).

**Location: **Helltown, New Jersey (Fictional, but based on Middlesex County, Somerset County, and Essex County, New Jersey)

** **As the episode’s opening theme fades out, the camera settles in on the dilapidated one story mess that is the Cadet Corporal Pearson residence. All sound, including dialogue, is muted up to the first commercial break and only Edvard Grieg’s “Morning Mood” or the main “Ba-pa-da-pa-da-da” theme from _Danger!! Death Ray!_ plays calmly in the background throughout the segment.

A tattered American flag flies perpetually at half-mast out front of the
C/Cpl. Pearson residence, commemorating the near continuous stream of
“national tragedies” recently (such as a teen pop sensation Diana Indiana
dying the “sudden sniffing death” while huffing computer cleaner). Above the
American flag flies the Bonnie Blue flag of the former Confederacy. C/Cpl.
Pearson lies in a state of half sleep in his uncomfortable looking,
excessively creaky bed. He is wearing a bloodstained Iraqi Republican Guard
coat from the First Gulf War (the good one!), he wears this to bed every night
and it doesn’t give him any nightmares. In fact, he always sleeps like a log
with it on. After lying still for a few seconds, taking in the new day, C/Cpl.
Pearson springs out of bed in a lively manner, smiling as he pulls himself
erect, beginning his day with a lust for life rarely seen from someone living
in New Jersey (one must remember he is originally from the South). He walks
out of his room and down a hallway, passing a poster of Marine Corps legends
Chesty Puller and Smedley Butler (identical to the poster in Cadet Sergeant
Grievous’s house) and a poster of his favorite actress, Erin Sanders, with her
legs bent back behind her head. This was a gift that C/Sgt. Grievous made for
him as a birthday present. Reaching the kitchen, a table crowded with empty
beer bottles and ash trays jammed full with cigarette butts awaits him. C/Cpl.
Pearson eats his breakfast of leftover barbeque chicken wings (which in the
South classifies as a breakfast food), whilst reading a newspaper screamingly
headlined in 80 pitch font, “We’re ALL gonna DIE!” and subtitled, slightly
less loudly in 50 pitch font “And it’s not even Christmas people!” A further
subheading laments, “_It’s Pat_ lookalike contest goes _horribly_ wrong, 39
dead.” After breakfast, C/Cpl. Pearson returns to his room and gets dressed,
still smiling at nothing. His attire for the day ahead includes a gray shirt
that says in plain black text, “I like my beers cold and my Alona’s Tal” and
Wild West themed socks that have old school six shooters in holsters on them
(foreshadowing, oooooooooooooohhhhhh!!).

At last ready for the day, C/Cpl. Pearson marches out to the edge of his
casa’s driveway, proud as a peacock. Observing the morning calm, he turns and
waves to his neighbor, a 92-year-old Banana Wars veteran who is watering his
lawn, although the hose he is holding isn’t even shooting any water. “HEHHH?!”
The old dinosaur questions out loud to no one in particular, although this is
muted too, we can read his lips. C/Cpl. Pearson smiles back at him and
proceeds onto the street ahead, climbing into his massive Hummer H1 vehicle.
With no sense of urgency, he drives off into the rising morning sun as the
music and the scene fades to oblivion.

******

** Commercial break 1: **

A man who looks suspiciously like C/Sgt. Grievous but is _not _C/Sgt. Grievous
sits in an incredibly bored posture, eyes barely open, head in his palms, etc.
at a kitchen table. He is dressed like a typical American 1950s teenager
(white collar button down shirt, dress slacks). The scene is shot in black-
and-white to emphasize the boredom and the old fashionedness.

“Man breakfast is soooo G-D boring!” the C/Sgt. Grievous clone exclaims.

There is a quick cut to the other side of the room, which explodes into full,
bright, vibrant color. A blonde haired, blue eyed SS Brownshirt appears, light
beaming from behind him, angels singing lightly in the background. In his
outstretched hand is a box of “Volksturm Squares.” The box is decorated in
Nazi Germany and Teutonic related symbols.

“Volksturm squares ja!” the SS Brownshirt announces, gesturing with the box.

The C/Sgt. Grievous clone takes one of the pastries from the box and bites
into it. The C/Sgt. Grievous clone and his side of the room thusly explode
into full, beaming color and his face turns to one of pure elation.

“Moist, tasty, sehr gut, Volksturm squares jawhol!” Mr. SS Brownshirt pitches
the product.

As he explains, the Volksturm squares are shown flying magically in formation
with German Heinkel bombers over London and floating over the Russian steppe
accompanied by a group of Tiger tanks.

Back in the kitchen, the C/Sgt. Grievous clone is now dressed like a Hitler
Youth cadet and has blonde hair and blue eyes, he stands beside the SS
Brownshirt holding up a Volksturm square.

“Ja herr commandant, Volksturm squares!” the C/Sgt. Grievous clone yips in
unparalleled delight.

The SS Brownshirt extends his hand to the audience, holding a Volksturm square
and smiling.

“Sehr gutttttttttttt!” Mr. SS Brownshirt assures the audience.

*********

** **C/Cpl. Pearson, having collected the rest of his squad, parks his monstrous vehicle awkwardly in the school’s parking lot. The sound of the episode (outside of music) comes back to life just as C/Cpl. Pearson applies the parking brake. Everyone disembarks the vehicle in a style reminiscent of the commando team getting out of the helicopter in _Predator_, hastily, like the tough guys they are (or think they are). Instead of cigar chomping Commander Arnold being the last one out, C/Sgt. Grievous stays behind the pack, daydreaming, staring listlessly out a side window.

His daydream involves himself, C/Cpl. Pearson, and Cadet Privates First Class
Christeson and Jenkins standing around a stage in full military “battle
rattle” like they’re at war. Upon the stage dances a woman in a black full
body burka, however, her ankles are exposed (gasp). And what sexxxy ankles
they are! Accompanying his squad is another man in full battle rattle who
looks like B.A. Baracus. “Candy Girl” by New Edition plays over the scene,
C/Sgt. Grievous and his ilk are cheering, hooting, and hollering like this is
the very meaning of freedom and liberty itself. It all seems so random, but it
is perhaps a glimpse of the future.

He is snapped back into reality by C/Cpl. Pearson shaking him and saying,
“Come on Sarn’t, wake up! Time to rock!” Begrudgingly, C/Sgt. Grievous gathers
his gear and heads off.

****

Later that day in Forensic Science class, C/Cpl. Pearson and C/Pfc. Christeson
desperately attempt to stifle their laughter after remembering a joke from the
movie, _BASEketball_.

It is just at that moment, during a dry lecture on how to tell a shotgun wound
from a handgun wound that Hipster Huey drops his pen and looks down at the
floor where it landed. Hipster Huey is the embodiment of “well-mannered” by
today’s standards. Always politically correct, he never offends anyone with
anything and censors out all the “you-know-what” words when listening to rap
music by turning down the volume. He hates violence and masculinity like he’s
been raised from birth that way (wait a second…he _was_ raised from birth that
way). Being overly dramatic and earnestly believing that only the police and
military should have guns (despite his claims of both the aforementioned
groups being “insert your favorite ism here” fiends), when he spots C/Cpl.
Pearson’s Wild West themed socks with the holstered six shooters on them, he
immediately, without thought, screeches at the top of his lungs, “HE’S GOT A
GUN!”

Before the sentence can even echo down the hallway fully, the classroom erupts
in pandemonium. Students flip tables over and take cover behind them. Other
students break windows and fall one story to the courtyard below, only to
realize the courtyard is self-enclosed and has no exits. C/Cpl. Pearson and
C/Pfc. Christeson spring to their feet, getting into fighting stances as they
do so. The whip themselves around the room wildly looking for said gunman.
Hipster Huey continues shrieking over and over, “HE’S GOT A GUN!” whilst
pointing at C/Cpl. Pearson.

Finally catching on C/Cpl. Pearson looks down, following Huey’s accusatory
finger, pulls up his pant leg and ascertains the cause of all the commotion,
his socks. In that moment, he’s so bewildered he can’t even speak.

“It’s just his socks!” C/Pfc. Christeson shouts in vain discovery, but
everyone summarily ignores him, too caught up in their own personal dramatics.

Throughout the school now, the panic spreads like the Black Plague in a
crowded disco-tech. Students barricade themselves in every classroom. The
school’s only computer lab is destroyed when students rip the monitors and
mainframes out of their sockets and violently stack them by their classroom’s
door. Upon learning of an apparent gunman on campus who will certainly kill
them all, various students and teachers sob and yell, “I don’t wanna dieeee”
or alternatively, “warn the others,” or even, “base we have an intruder!” The
only students who remain calm are none other than the Con Air squad who stand
up from their chairs in “Feelz 101” and applaud the blessed gunman/woman/boy,
whoever he or she (*wolf whistle*) is.

Seeing his teacher cry hysterically whilst hunched over her desk, C/Pfc.
Christeson makes a decisive command decision. He runs from the classroom and
sprints across campus, down empty hallway after empty hallway. If you believe
this to be a zippy sitcom, imagine the “la la la” theme from _Gilmore Girls_
playing over the brave cadet’s dash, if you believe this to be a serious
occasion imagine “Rain must fall” by the last non-bankrupt Greek on Earth,
Yanni. After a running montage, C/Pfc. Christeson, at long last, reaches his
destination, Gunny Bohne’s broom closet office. He barges right in and salutes
before reporting the situation.

“Gunny, someone just put a potato in our tailpipe…,” he puffs to his superior
as he catches his breath, using an inappropriate analogy due to his
exhaustion.

C/Cpl. Pearson, seeing his sole friend flee, sits down in despair, whilst the
panic and braying continues on around him unabated. Papers fly, the fire alarm
rings, furniture is thrown, frantic last minute phone calls are made. Students
look at C/Cpl. Pearson and instantaneously fall over in feign death. Hipster
Huey can’t resist flinging himself backwards over his desk in false death over
C/Cpl. Pearson’s socks. The school’s enthusiasm for panic and melodramatics
surprisingly doesn’t wane until a police SWAT team arrives (so after about 20
or 30 minutes, you know enough time that if there were a real threat dozens or
hundreds would be dead) and storms the room. Then they fall silent. The SWAT
team surrounds C/Cpl. Pearson who puts his hands up to signal “don’t shoot.”
The SWAT team members are fully decked out in tactical gear and gas masks
(despite there being no report of gas of any kind), they all point their
rifles, carbines, pistols, and submachine guns at C/Cpl. Pearson’s head.
Safeties off, fingers on the trigger. C/Cpl. Pearson would actually be
impressed by the arsenal they’re carrying, if it weren’t currently pointed at
him over a pair of socks.

“Shoot him?” one of the masked troopers asks, like an eager kid at
Christmastime.

“No, don’t shoot him,” another commando cop answers angrily.

“But he’s resisting!” a third SWAT soldier whines in protest, though C/Cpl.
Pearson continues to sit still and hold his hands up in the universal gesture
for surrender.

“Hmm, maybe we should shoot him….” yet another SWAT officer posits.

“So shoot him?” the first trooper asks again, happily.

“Hmm, those assault socks do look QUITE dangerous and are in violation of our
“we-swear-we’re-not-Nazis-zero-tolerance” policy…” a SWAT cop trails off,
seriously considering it all.

“So shoot him?” the first trooper asks once again, eager to get it over with.

“Uh, is he a relative of George Bush?” one SWAT trooper inquires of his group
after apparently consulting some unknown source.

*********

Eventually, C/Cpl. Pearson is carried from the school by the SWAT team, his
arms and legs shackled. They almost shot him (again) when they asked him to
walk with his legs manacled and he fell on his face. Falling on your face IS
resisting arrest, by the way.

On the way out a one armed, crusty janitor working on the roof spied C/Cpl.
Pearson’s assault socks and fell off the roof in false death, just like in the
movies. Thankfully, he landed on a dumpster full of week old Thanksgiving
turkey-esque alien eggs. Nevermind that though.

*********

**Commercial break 2: **

Black and white footage of the Normandy Invasion in the Second World War is
shown, men parachute out of planes, storm beaches, battleships fire their
massive cannons, tanks drive over French hedgerows, etc. Some of this real
world footage is interspersed with clips from _Saving Private Ryan, The
Longest Day, _and _The Big Red One. _

“It was the day when the world held it’s breath!” an official sounding
announcer declares.

Canadian troops wade ashore amidst murderous gunfire. Whole squads of Canucks
fall dead, landing boats are blown apart by artillery, tanks sink into the
channel’s merciless waves. Those men that do make it ashore look lost,
confused, scared and hopeless.

“The issue was in doubt, but then…….!” the announcer growls ominously.

A pregnant Ellen Page, dressed like a normal teenager, though wearing a
British Army helmet is seen running ashore with a mob of Canadian troops.

“_She_ led them to victory!” the announcer triumphantly states.

After suffering heavy casualties in the first wave of the attack, pregnant
Ellen Page leads the beleaguered Canadian soldiers to victory in a fast series
of quick cuts and stock war footage that doesn’t look too convincing. We don’t
know what exactly she did, but whatever it was, it works. Pregnant Ellen Page
hurdles over a smashed pillbox as a line of able-bodied young Canadian
soldiers dash in after her. No one seems to know or mind that she is a
pregnant teenage girl, with one exception.

In a following scene, German Chancellor Adolf Hitler upon viewing newsreel
footage of the invasion remarks that final victory must be near if the Allies
are drafting pregnant teenage girls!

“_Juno_………………_Beach_!” the announcer thunders the film’s title as it appears
written in blood (hopefully bullet wound blood and not “my water broke blood”)
on the sandy beach. “It was the Canada’s Omaha” a subtitle reads, also in
blood.

In the last scene, triumphant Canadian troops led by pregnant Ellen Page, of
course, march through a liberated French town. Both male and female citizens
nudge each other, wink, and laugh when pregnant Ellen Page walks by. They know
the score.

A text box across the bottom of the screen reads, “Playing at your local
theater, June 6th.”

************

We now find ourselves at the grand jury hearing to determine if the case
against C/Cpl. Pearson can go forward. Curiously enough, he hasn’t been
charged with anything up till now as there isn’t a law against assault
socks…………yet. There was an assault sock ban from 1994 to 2004 though.

C/Cpl. Pearson stands in an orange jumpsuit and chains before a diverse jury
that includes Asian Siamese twins, a business suit wearing man with no face,
the house cleaning robot from _The Sims_, the G-man from _Half-life_, and an
assault trooper alien from _Duke Nukem 3D_.

At C/Cpl. Pearson’s table are his lawyer Mr. Common Sense (who does not exist
in real life as there are no lawyers with common sense), C/Sgt. Grievous,
Gunny Bohne, C/Pfc. Christeson, and C/Pfc. Jenkins.

The judge is an elderly law-and-order southerner, who is very wrinkly and
wears thick coke bottle glasses.

The prosecution table’s consists of a Hipster Huey, an esteemed philosophy
professor (a Martin Bunzl clone), and their angry activist lawyer who is a
middle-aged woman.

Of course, the angry middle-aged woman lawyer is the first to speak, she knows
children (especially dead children) have the most political authority of
anyone or anything on Earth and she plans to sell that to the utter maximum.

“Your honor, this MAN, brought a GUN into a SCHOOL packed with hundreds of
little tiny baby children! He had an assault style six shooter; he could have
killed hundreds, literally! Oh and may I remind you ALL that this town had a
SHOOTING at it’s middle school not too long ago in which THREE CHILDREN were
HURT?! In this day and age of unparalleled dangerousness and existential
threats of terror at every turn, this Hitler-in-the-making should be made an
example of! Before he gasses us all! And again, I’d like to repeat, children,
children, children, children, CHILDREN!!!” she rages, raising her clenched
fist into the air. She sits down when finished; a flicker of a smile briefly
appears on her face.

The diverse jury looks pensive, even the man with no face shows some signs of
thoughtfulness, however the assault trooper alien has a skeptical look on its
reptilian face.

The courtroom crowd murmurs furiously amongst itself.

C/Pfc. Jenkins whispers to his table, “Day-um.”

C/Sgt. Grievous questions, “And where was any mention of actual evidence in
all that?”

The squad all pats Mr. Common Sense on his back, assuring him, “you got this,”
as he steps up to speak.

He adjusts his tie, and then begins.

“Your honor, there are no legal grounds for this case at all. My client wore a
pair of socks to school with a gun in a holster on them. There was never any
danger and the state currently has no laws governing socks or guns knitted on
socks. There is zero precedent for a case like this. This whole case has been
a massive overreaction by a society scared of its own shadow over a few highly
publicized tragic incidents. We’ve locked up, arrested, expelled, and
suspended millions of people in the past few years with our “we-swear-we’re-
not-Nazis-zero-tolerance” policy and are we really any safer? Ahhh, no,
probably not. In conclusion, this case should not go forward and everyone in
this room should go home and do absolutely anything else besides prosecute Mr.
Pearson,” Mr. Common Sense narrates professionally and calmly, confident that
common sense and reason will win through.

The courtroom crowd excitedly murmurs again, even more antsy than before.

The whole jury gives off a cynical look, some of them even look confused, the
G-man grins evilly.

The squad congratulates Mr. Common Sense as he returns to the table, telling
him over and over again that he “killed it.” Gunny Bohne is next to make his
plea.

“Well, ah, ya know, ya shouldn’t sentence Mr. Pearson to prism, he’s gonna be
joinin’ the Marines soon and he’ll most certainly fight in Iraq and I’m not
saying it’s guaranteed, but there is a chance of indeterminate percent that he
may be killed in action,” Gunny Bohne stutters out awkwardly, making his
morbid point.

The courtroom is silent with some subdued laughter as Gunny Bohne makes his
way back to the table. No cries of “you killed it” greet him as he sits back
down.

Growing more desperate by the minute, C/Cpl. Pearson and the defense team now
look to C/Pfc. Jenkins to speak next. C/Pfc. Jenkins looks down at the book he
brought to read before the court session began. It is titled, “Yo I Weeellll”
by Pastor Reverend Councilman Bubba Holmes, a 250 pound, six foot five black
man known for his fiery sermons. Inspired and determined, C/Pfc. Jenkins steps
to the middle of the courtroom.

C/Pfc. Jenkins sighs, then begins, raising his arms in spiritual
enlightenment.

“I’m here to tell you, that you….are an impossible group of people. You
respond to neither honor nor integrity. When a man like C/Cpl. Pearson lays
down his life for you…and now you are a trashing him! That makes you LESS than
a maggot!” While I’m not supportive of the Iraq War………..” C/Pfc. Jenkins
preaches on passionately.

At prosecution’s table, Hipster Huey nudges the other members of his team and
whispers nervously, “Guysss! He’s persuading them! We’ve got to do something!
We’ve got to interrupt him!”

At first the angry middle-aged lawyer and the full-of-hot-air philosophy
professor appear contemplative at their compatriot’s idea. However, after a
few seconds of thought, they immediately become extremely irate and start
yelling and smacking him with their hands, “What? Get out of here! Interrupt a
proud, preaching black man? Never!” Hipster Huey retreats out of the courtroom
under their blows. Outside, he dejectedly throws his giant fake Woody Allen
glasses into a garbage can.

“Mr. Pearson is your LAST hope! After him there will be no HOPE! I’ll say it
again; he’s your LAST hope!” C/Pfc. Jenkins bellows as he climatically
finishes his sermon.

The whole courtroom applauds, even the jury (though the G-man has somehow
mysteriously vanished), the judge, and the prosecution table. The man without
a face whistles even though he doesn’t have a mouth.

After the applause dies down, C/Sgt. Grievous, knowing the battle has been
won, stands to deliver one final point of interest.

“Hiya folks, well I can’t top that, but I’d just like to remind everyone in
here that if Mr. Pearson is jailed he’ll be kicked out of our ROTC unit and
then we’ll be below the minimum unit size for an ROTC detachment….and then,
the school will lose the federal funding that goes towards our program,”
C/Sgt. Grievous explains to them all, careful with his word choice, implying
that the school gets the money, not the ROTC program.

Before he can even sit down, Helltown High School Principal Buttsavage, making
a rare public appearance, stands from the back of the courtroom and declares
to the judge, “Heh, heh, you know I think these charges should be dismissed, I
just _reallyyyyy_ appreciated the common sense of Mr. Common Sense’s
reasoning!”

“Fine, at the discretion of Principal Buttsavage, I hereby toss out these
charges, show trial….uh, I mean case dismissed, now get out of my courtroom,”
the Southern judge grunts before banging his gavel, officially ending the
proceedings.

C/Cpl. Pearson and his defense team erupt into raucous applause and
celebration, the prosecution remains stone silent, appalled at this horrid
injustice. Lifting C/Cpl. Pearson onto their shoulders like they’re a
victorious sports team the squad of junior Marines and Mr. Common Sense file
out of the courtroom to commemorate their triumph elsewhere. The prosecution
quietly leaves, cursing themselves, assault socks, and the principles of
economics.

“Alright, bring in the next group of _Barheads_,” the judge barks to a nearby
portly, goateed bailiff. He bangs his gavel on the stand again and the episode
cuts to black.

**Trivia:** References include _Doug_, _Mystery Science Theater 3000_, _Danger!! Death Ray!_, _Barhead Episode: Das Poot_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Girl Meets World: 9/11, 9/11, What went down at Building 7?_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Duke Nukem 3D_, _Half-Life_, _The Sims_, _Predator_, _My Cousin Vinny_, Pastor TD Jakes, Pastor Manning, _Perfect Dark 64_, Edvard Grieg’s “Morning Mood,” _Gilmore Girls_, “Rain must fall” by Yanni, Hannah Montana, Whitney Houston, Alona Tal, Heaven’s Gate, _Taking Five_, Erin Sanders, US Marine Corps history, zero tolerance policies, _Juno_, toaster strudels, World War II, the Banana Wars, _Dogma_, _Girl Meets World: Girl Meets Frein_ (also on this site under XavierJets), the assault weapons ban of 1994 to 2004, _American Psycho_, _BASEketball_, the Black Plague, _Saving Private Ryan, The Longest Day, The Big Red One_, _The A-Team_, _Spongebob Squarepants_, _Hot Car_ (also on this site under XavierJets), #handsupdontshoot, and Woody Allen.

\--I had a pair of socks like the ones mentioned in this episode.

\--Students have gotten in “trouble” for paper swords, Tylenol, chicken
fingers, and toy soldiers under zero tolerance policies, so this episode
really isn’t quite so farfetched.

\--C/Sgt. Grievous’s daydream is a scene from a future episode.

