### FRESHMAN DAUGHTER DROP OFF DAY by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-09-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** An “offensive” banner hung from a frat house (that’s just too frat to care) greets both helicopter parents and their nubile daughters on move-in day at the oh-so-prestigious Rutt U University. 

* * *

**_Freshman daughter drop off day_**

Its move-in day as the totally-not-causing-global-warming sun reaches its
zenith over the campus of the oh-so-prestigious university/football program,
Rutt U on this particular September afternoon. The main avenue of Rutt U’s
primary campus is packed with eager students and their fervent families all
happy as clams that they’re about to set off on a journey that will include
absolutely no educational enlightenment. Not only will much non-learning take
place, but it will put them tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars in
unforgivable debt before depositing them into the work world with no real
experience and a degree that means nothing as now, everyone, yes, _everyone_,
even you, and you and that guy over there, and you up there on the ceiling,
has one. But don’t tell them that, the students and their families either
don’t know or don’t care at this point. Don’t_ jahhh-udddggeeee_, we were all
there once.

Lining the street are knock-off versions of old English colonial style
buildings each housing one of the university’s one-hundred twenty-seven less-
important-than-football academic departments. The buildings have a uniformity
to them to the point that they look like they’ve been transplanted straight
from olden days England. Because a country that lost its entire empire and is
presently home to eighty-five Sharia law courts is something to emulate fo’
sho’.

The first building on the right hand side of the street is home to the
department of Mathematics. On their door (which is actually from a hardware
store, but made to look like a mighty oak castle door) is a poster with a
little lesson for the passerby. “Five Taliban (with five accompanying blurry
pictures of Mohammad Omar) for one deserter (complemented by a high school
yearbook photo of Columbine High School killer Eric Harris), does _NOT_ equal
a fair trade,” the poster declares in fierce rage italic font.

Just across from the department of Mathematics building is the department of
Physical and Environmental sciences. A poster on their fake castle door
displays last year’s prize winning “invention” by its brilliant, Silicon
Valley bound students. The “invention” is a “clock” with no hands or face that
doesn’t tell time and looks like a briefcase full of wires and circuit boards.
Brilliant! Stunningly brilliant! Not suspicious…not suspicious at all.

Down the street a bit from those Jimmy Neutron wannabes at the department of
Physical and Environmental sciences is the department of Political Science.
Their faux castle door is covered from top to bottom with a list written in
large bold, blood red print. The list reads grimly:

“In 1872, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed Abraham “Stinkin” Lincoln,
14th President of the United States.

In 1851, a disgruntled Democrat shot James Garfield, 17thPresident of the
United States, who later died from eating food that was coughed on.

In 1958, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed John F. “Vote Quimby” Kennedy,
6th President of the United States.

In 1975, a disgruntled Democrat shot and wounded Ronald Reagan, 1stPresident
of the United States.

In 1989, a disgruntled Democrat sat and ate 22 French fries in a McDonald’s
restaurant.

In 1985, a disgruntled Democrat sat and sorted 15 pieces of mail in an
Oklahoma post office.

In 1993, a disgruntled Democrat, shit and farted at a BIGMAC office.

In 1946, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 23 people in a Luby’s
cafeteria in Killin' (no pun intended), Texas.

In 199-zero, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 5 annoying coworkers in a
Texas lab-or-atory.

In 199five, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 8 sleeping atheist people
at a church service.

In 2009, a disgruntled Democrat fired shots at the White House in a failed
attempt to kill George W. “Miss Me Yet?” Bush, 2nd President of the United
States.

In 2004, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 7 people at a Lockheed Martin
plant because one of his three sons was gay.

In 2005, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 32 pee-poles in Tech Virginia.

In 2009, a disgruntled Democrat shot playmate of the year Gabrielle Giffords
and killed 6 others.

In 2011, a disgruntled Democrat went into a movie theater and sat and watched
_The Dark Knight Rises_, but didn’t like it as much as _The Dark Knight_.

In 2010, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 7 transsexual aliens in
Minneapolis, Wyoming.

In 2013, a disgruntled Democrat shot and killed 26 invisible people in an
abandoned school in Newtown, Ct.

As recently as September 2013, a disgruntled Democrat shot 12 aboard the HMS
Titanic 2.”

All of those are so completely true that miniature versions of this list are
often seen posted around campus on light poles, red solo cups, sandwich
wrappers, outhouses, and football helmets. N-e-v-e-r, _never_ forget.

A short stroll down from the department of Political Science is the Joanna
Angel Student Center, which features an expansive, open plaza out front.
Joanna Angel, being a fruitful and productive adult film actress, is the most
famous and successful alumni of Rutt U in it’s entire 250-year long history.
Upon the plaza a young, spunky blonde haired reporter girl from the school’s
newspaper, “The Daily Rutt,” is conducting a live on-scene interview with a
76-year-old woman who is enrolled as a freshman. After losing her job as a
wing-walker, the old maid is back in school, because unemployment, plus
negative tens of thousands of dollars, equals meaningless degree, which then
equals………profit, right? Well anyway, our young spunk Anastasia Steele
doppelganger is interviewing the elderly woman about whether the school’s
mascot, a Knight Templar, should be changed to a gay female transgender black
socialistic communist single mother Muslim Buddhist Rastafarian Knight
Templar. Our intrepid reporter’s cameraman, a typical college bro, is busy
zooming in on the sun, not paying attention to the twosome at all.

“Zzzzzzzooooommmmm innnnnn! Whoo!” the dude bro cameraman declares once
zooming in to the maximum on the blazing midday sun.

Behind the dude bro cameraman, a ski-mask wearing gunman dressed in all black,
but wielding a chrome Desert Eagle pistol “sneaks up” on the trio. Despite it
being broad daylight out in the middle of a bustling college campus and the
masked assailant making no attempt to hide himself or his footsteps or his gun
(which is reflecting quite a lot of sunlight being chrome and all) no one sees
him. Even when he (or she, or he/she) stands within arm’s length of the
cameraman and points the pistol right at our diligent reporter, no one notices
him. Our reporter turns and looks at him, then without making the slightest
sign of recognition, goes back to her interview, explaining to the old woman
concepts like body dysmorphiaand religious mariel-wanna usage.

The gunman/woman/man-woman grows desperate, laying their arm across the
shoulder of the dude bro cameraman and waving the hand cannon right in the
face of our blonde haired newscaster. They’ve been standing there almost a
minute by now and still no one anywhere recognizes their presence, what’s it
take to get noticed these days for crying out loud?

“Immanuel Kant!” the mysterious gunman/woman/man-woman mutters at the
reporter, pronouncing Kant like a word that rhymes with “punt.”

The dude bro cameraman brushes the gun-wielding arm off his shoulder and
continues filming everything around campus, but the reporter and her subject
because he doesn’t believe in “shot-reverse shot” dialogue shoots.

The gunman/woman/man-woman waves their arms above their head in the universal
gesture for “look here” on the verge of tears over no one even deigning to
acknowledge their presence.

“Hey! Look at me! I have a gun! I’m going to MURDER you LIVE, right now, not
kidding! Hellllloooo!” the masked maniac yelps, whilst still flailing their
arms in a last ditch attempt to have his/her/his-her would-be victims take
notice of him/her/him-her. Still no one notices him/her/him-her, the youthful,
ditzy reporter looks in their direction and the dude bro cameraman pans right
past them, but alas, not even a fake eyelash is raised in the slenderest
signal of acknowledgment, alarm or awareness. The gunman/woman/man-woman
scoffs and stomps off in frustration, vowing to be even more blatantly obvious
if he/she/he-she ever tries this again.

At the end of the college’s main drag is the Dude Bro Yo (DBY) frat house.
Draped from it’s balconies a series of signs declares, “Freshman daughter drop
off point,” “Drop mom off too while you’re at it,” and lastly, “Dads, we’ll
take it from here!”

(Ugh, I don’t know about you, but I recoiled so hard I did a back flip off of
my chair just writing that it’s soooo offensive).

On the porch of the frat house sits a group of multicultural friends, hanging
out, drinking, smoking, watching the goings-on of move-in day. Despite being
from different cultures, they’re all dressed in flip-flops and wife-beaters,
the unofficial DBY uniform, a style choice they all reached independently of
each other.

One of the group grunts to his ilk after taking a swig from a red solo cup
(labeled with the disgruntled Democrat list from earlier), “Ya know, in the
pilot of that _Hand of God_ show, Alona Tal’s character says she was raped for
an hour in front of her husband.”

“Just an hour? I figured two at minimum, at least that’s what I’d do,” one of
his multicultural friends asks as he hangs upside down like Beast from _X-men_
off a beam on the porch’s ceiling.

Another wife beater wearing brosef is reading a government study on his tablet
(see? a good student!), quaintly titled _Mass Murder with Firearms: Incidents
and Victims, 1999-2013._

“Hmm it says here that on average my chances of being killed in a mass
shooting between 1999 and 2013 were one in three million. Lower if you
discount the outlier year of 2012. If that’s the case my odds of going out
with Alona Tal must be like at least like one in one million, right? I think
I’m in the top one million of guys she’d date,” Mr. Brosef confidently asserts
to his masculine peers, whilst keeping on topic.

Suddenly a voice is heard screaming nearby, unequivocally shrieking like it’s
owner is being stabbed to death with a rusty railroad spike. The DBY members
spring to their feet to see what the problem is only to discover a young woman
with Care Bear sleeve tattoos and facial piercings, pointing at their frat
house declaring to the world, “Oh my Gawd! That banner just RAPED me!”

While the DBY guys look about confused as to what banner she is speaking of
and how it could get firm enough, not to mention sentient enough to sexually
assault someone, a crowd of moving-in freshman girls and their helicopter
parents gather to gawk, point, and moralize.

One freshman girl, donning a shirt that reads, “SLUT” in red ink, announces to
her parents calmly, “I want to go home. I quit life because of this banner. I
guess, I’ll just stay home forever and do nothing.” She storms off and her
parents follow in silent complicit agreement.

A potbellied father with a Miami Dolphins tattoo on his forearm boasts to the
crowd of onlookers, “My daughter won’t go in there, she’s smart!”

“No man, she’s something else that begins with an S and ends with a T,” a
multicultural member of DBY retorts as he flips himself down from the ceiling.

The crowd gasps, some faint, some cry, others tweet, being modern people who
are constantly lied to (by the media, their parents, friends, employers,
church, Hollywood celebrities, etc.) they can’t handle the truth in any
dosage. They all honestly believe their daughters will go to college and not
have sex, drink, smoke, do drugs, stay out late, do anything stupid or gain
weight after discovering Rutt U’s famous “Fat Imma Salami mothafucka”
sandwich.

“If you were my sons, I’d pull you out of school IMMEDIATELY!” an outraged
mother yells, shaking her fist at the awful banner. Not even her first
abortion looked as horrifying as this.

“So you’d condemn your son to a life of poverty and minimum wage work, not to
mention living with you….forever, because he made a stupid sign?” a DBY member
legitimately asks the rage-mom as he puts on a Miami Dolphins baseball cap
lopsided.

“Don’t you have mothers? Sisters? What if these girls were YOUR daughters?” a
self-righteous freshman girl wearing a shirt that proclaims, “No YOU make me a
sandwich,” rages at the DBY members.

“Yes, I do, and they all had random sex in college and did stupid things
during their six and a half years at Kwikki Chikki U while getting their
underwater basket weaving degree,” a DBY member explains in between nips from
his red appropriately labeled solo cup.

“I’d tell my daughter to make sure to always use protection or at least have
the dude sign an affidavit affirming that his pullout game is _strong_,”
another multicultural DBY member further adds.

“This banner creates RAPE culture, which leads to people getting RAPED!” the
original screeching Care Bear tattoo covered girl with more facial piercings
than Hitler at the end of _Inglorious Basterds_ informs the crowd defiantly,
deeply offended by the banner, but _not _by Rutt U’s $100 million 500,000-seat
capacity football stadium built with tuition money after the team’s first and
only winning season in school history.

Looking up from his tablet, the thoughtful DBY member concludes, “Gee, I
learned something today, I thought judge’s handing out lenient sentences to
unrepentant recidivists and single mother households led to rape in society,
but now I know its _reallyyyyy_ all because of silly banners!”

“Well, we were already offended by flags this year, cut us break,” the dad
with the Miami Dolphins tattoo mournfully laments. The crowd, having sent
their tweets and felt their faux outrage at yet another harmless, irrelevant
issue dissipates slowly. Content that they’ve done _their part_.

Just one house over from the DBY community is the home of the Yeah Yeah Pussy
(YYP) sorority. All of their members are blonde haired, blue eyed Caucasian
ladies who are in good health and can apparently do no wrong. A group of them
sit on their front porch in a circle, all busily texting away, not even
bothering to look up at each other. A banner hanging from their balcony reads,
“You can’t come in the front butt you’re welcome in the back.” All of the
fuming parents, students, and nubile freshman daughters walking away from the
DBY house trot right past the YYP house and their banner announcing their
willingness for anal sex, but just like the masked attempted assassin from
earlier, none of them notice it.

**Trivia: **References include Rutgers University, Princeton University, _X-Men_, _Hand of God_, _Inglorious Basterds_, _Timesplitters: Future Perfect_, the Grease Trucks, Ahmed the clockmaker of Texas, _Good Luck Charlie_, the 2015 Virginia on-air TV murders, Yeah Pussy, the Miami Dolphins, _Mass Murder with Firearms: Incidents and Victims, 1999-2013_, Alona Tal, the Bowe Bergdahl deal, Columbine High School killer Eric Harris, Mohammad Omar, _Jimmy Neutron_, _Fifty Shades of Grey_, _The Daily Targum_, _Rocko’s Modern Life_, Joanna Angel, _Total Coincidence!_ (also on this site under XavierJets),_ Dr. Adele or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Tsar Bomba _(also on this site under XavierJets), The_ Simpsons_, the George Bush “Miss me yet?” billboard, various conspiracy theories, the HMS Titanic, Immanuel Kant, _Quantum Idiocy_ (also on this site under XavierJets), the Red Letter Media _Star Wars _reviews, Care Bears, the Old Dominion University banner controversy, and _Geek Charming_.

\--Yeah Pussy is actually the name of an Australian merchandise line.

\--I did see an adult man with a Miami Dolphins tattoo on his leg.

\--I did know a girl who wanted to get a Care Bears sleeve tattoo.

\--The disgruntled Democrat list is my take an on actual error-ridden internet
comment I’ve seen posted under nearly every article about a shooting on a
certain news website.

\--There was an actual debate about a college changing it’s knight mascot to
be more representative by making it gay, transgender, female, Arabic, Native
American, etc.

\--The YYP’s banner was a real banner hung off a sorority house, ditto for
DBY’s banners.

\--“No, YOU make me a sandwich” was on a protest sign.

