### It Made Me Smile by MsTrina

**Date Added:** 2015-10-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Nine out of ten authors think nine out of ten authors are idiots, and other imponderables 

* * *

I used to have a Greek boyfriend who was able to shape and control his tongue
such that it became like a calligraphy brush with which he could work
artistically on all sorts of surface. Each evening, he would write "Trina, I
love you" in beautiful cursive script on and around the top of my labia and
clitoral area. Then he would sign his name.

Oh, how I loved Nikolai-Alessandro Zakariopapadopalis.

I first met him at the airport when awaiting my holiday flight to Thailand. We
happened to be sitting side-by-side in the departure lounge. A security guard
passed by with a beautiful, though presumably trained-to-be-fierce, dog on a
leash. We each admired the animal, and Nikolai mentioned he had at home a cute
little puppy dog of his own. I told him I too had a treasured pet - an
adorable little pussy. He seemed temporarily lost for conversation, probably
self-conscious about his lack of a grasp of English.

To rekindle our dialogue and help put him at ease, I turned to the subject of
our respective destinations. "Are you going to Phuket?" I asked. But again he
seemed to misunderstand, and looked embarrassed, so I just smiled benignly.

I told him I was going to Bangkok. He seemed to understand, but for some
reason looked disappointed. "Me too" piped up the blonde to my right, having
overheard our conversation. "Bloody men" she complained, "they'll love you and
leave you. Better off without them. Ban 'em all, I say."

We seemed to be talking at cross purposes. To be polite, I asked was there
some particular experience which had triggered her chagrin. Yes, apparently.
She had just returned from Thailand and now recounted her misadventure in the
capital's Tai-Pynn district.

It seemed she had been accosted by two virile young men in a back alley, one
of whom overpowered and ravished her repeatedly, while the other ransacked her
handbag and stole her purse. I raised an eyebrow and sympathised. Our
aeroplane flight was imminent.

As usual, I found myself seated next to the hypochondriac with a fear of
flying. I told him it was not the flying he needed to be afraid of, it was the
crashing. My unsubtle attempted humour failed to calm him and I had to summon
the stewardess. Under sedation, he did however make a valid point - you know
that indestructible black box that is used on airplanes - why don't they make
the whole plane out of that stuff?

As it expired, I subsequently was able to testify to the authenticity of the
blonde's earlier tale, an exact same thing happening to me on the very first
day I was in Bangkok.

And it happened again on the Tuesday.

And twice on the Wednesday, although by then I had discovered a handy street
market selling incredibly cheap purses.

Thursday's Thai Jungle trip was nearly a complete a waste of time. I dislike
creepy-crawlies, so at some point miles into uncharted forest, I decided to
remain in the camp tent with Dr Livingstone, one of the resident expeditionary
leaders, while the others went off to get eaten by anacondas and such like.
The doctor and I had a pleasant little afternoon fling, although the sex was
nothing special. "Well, what did you expect?" he said, defensively. "I AM a
missionary."

Quite by chance, I bumped into Nick again on the Friday whilst visiting the
world-renowned Phat Khao Buddhist Cave at Phetchaburi. We joined a tour party
and quickly became good friends. As they usually do at a certain point during
cave tours, the guide extinguished all the lamps and torches to demonstrate
how incredibly dark the place naturally was. Just as I was thinking how indeed
scary a total absence of lumens can be, I became aware of Nick feeling me up
with one hand down my blouse and the other up my skirt. I reciprocated - well,
I _was_ on holiday, and fondled his dangly bits in exchange.

We were going to be so embarrassed had the lights suddenly come back on, but
the thrill of it all got the better of me. Fortunately, as if by perfect
timing, the lights did return a moment after our grope was done. I smiled at
Nick, though disappointingly, he appeared not to acknowledge anything. Neither
did I understand why the guide looked somewhat dishevelled and needed to lick
his finger and clear his throat before continuing with the commentary.

Nick and I went out for the evening to the Sukhumdri area. We had a couple of
drinks in the Street Bar and sat admiring all the tight skirts, sequined low-
cut dresses and sexy high-heel shoes. And that was just the men.
"Unbelievable" Nick murmured.

I nodded, and added "You mean how they develop breasts like that and look so
stunning?"

"No" he replied. "Unbelievable what they charge for a glass of retsina in
here."

I was fed up with being in a place where most of the men looked better than
me, so I suggested we took a stroll. I hung on tightly to Nick, not wanting
either of us to be waylaid by any of an alarming number of streetwalkers
soliciting for business. I wondered if the prevalent promiscuity of the place
gave rise to a spiralling birthrate. We passed the narrow facade of a medical
centre, where the sign outside caught my eye. "For advice on family planning,
please use the rear entrance." I'll stick to the pill, I resolved.

It seems like only yesterday, but all this happened years ago - time flies
like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.

I eventually did tie the knot, though my first husband was a rat. Love may be
blind, but marriage is a real eye-opener. He cheated on me and considered that
bringing me home some gift would cancel things out and make everything Ok
again. One Friday evening he arrived home late with bunch of flowers, full of
remorse and desirous of sex. I said "I suppose I have to spend all weekend
with my legs in the air now?"

He replied "Why? Don't you have a vase?"

The divorce soon followed.

I am now happily married to a man who idolises me and perpetually surprises me
with impromptu love making. I can be quietly reading a book, ironing a blouse
or even washing the dishes, and he will creep up behind me and start playing,
unhooking my bra, kissing the back of my neck, squeezing my bottom or some
such delectable diversion.

His tireless constant attention is an absolute joy, though the interruptions
cannn ofter be a l...sfle inconnnven,,i, ent..........yyyyak,,sa....

