### WELL, SO MUCH FOR YOU O.H. by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-10-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When the internet in Our Hero’s (OH) house mysteriously goes out, he is forced to seek entertainment from the most foul of all sources, daytime television. Faced with such a desperate situation, he may even just go outside. 

* * *

**_Well, so much for you OH_**

It has not been a good week for Our Hero (henceforth abbreviated OH), you know
even aside from being a doughy, clumsy, middle-aged goofball who is often
mistaken for Homer Simpson and is part of a massive top secret government
conspiracy to fake professional sports, it’s _still_ not been a good week for
old OH. First, he gets a massive headache, which was totally **_NOT_** caused
by ELF (extremely low frequency) waves, out of nowhere! Then, also out of the
clear blue nowhere, his internet goes out! Gasp! Well shit, you might as well
have taken away all his food and water too while you’re at it, modern life
without the internet is a dull, dry desert. Strangely all his problems started
just after he noticed an internet connection in his area named “FBI VAN.” It
was hidden among other connections such as “fuck off this is my connection,”
and “Bart’s room,” but it was in there. However, OH thinks the “FBI VAN” is
irrelevant and has nothing to do with anything. Starved for entertainment OH
is _forced_ to watch daytime television. Oh the humanity! I mean, most
prismers in prism don’t even watch daytime television!

“Grrr, lousy internet connection……well let’s see what’s on the old tube,” OH
grumbles to himself as he fishes the remote control out from in-between the
worn, haggard seat cushions of his trusty living room couch.

The screen blips on and into focus comes a short middle-aged man wearing a
black tie and a white button down shirt. He has light orange hair, a goatee,
and sideburns. His name is Bob Larson and he is a devout Evangelical Christian
and practicing exorcist because the devil don’t just exist in cartoons kids.

“Well, I guess I should come over and shake your hand…” Larson announces as he
walks across the studio, arm outstretched for a handshake.

Across the studio, to whom Larsen is marching towards is none other than
126-year-old former German Chancellor Adolf Hitler, wearing a business suit
and looking very grandfatherly with 9/11 dust gray hair and trademark mini-
mustache. Yes, that’s right folks Martin Bormann snuck him out of Berlin in
the final days of the war, put him on a U-Boat destined for Argentina, and
then for the next 70 years Uncle Adolf taught an art class at an Argentinian
elementary school. The kids loved him! Wanted to be like him! Now finally he
is doing his first public interview since that little event called World War
Part Two at the urging of his 26-year-old mistress quaintly named Miracle.

Larson and Hitler shake hands vigorously. OH, meanwhile, is vaguely amused.

“You know, you don’t look dangerous! You don’t look dangerous at all!” Larson
says as if shocked that a 126-year-old man looks like a 126-year-old man.

“Vell, I’m not…” Hitler meekly replies.

Larson, now walking away, abruptly turns around and points an accusatory
finger at Hitler.

“Oh, but you are! I mean look at you! You look like an Austrian painter! You
could be a lounge singer! Certainly someone who’d never make it in Las Vegas,
but you look like such a nice guy! You look like a plumber!” Larson screeches,
getting more and more surprised and incredulous as his inept comparisons go
on.

“Vell, I _am_ a nice guy, I teach kids…” Hitler protests his innocence.

“_Talk Back with Bob Larson_ begins in….five…four…three…two…one…” an
announcer’s voice chimes in as Larson sits down at a desk and both he and
Hitler put on headphones as they inch closer to giant microphones.

“Today on _Talk Back_, I’m going to be interviewing someone I’m sure you’re
all very familiar with….former German Chancellor and head of the Nazi Party
Adolf Hitler! No, not the impersonator in Kosovo, we’ve got the real deal!
We’re gonna be taking your calls and….” Larson introduces the show’s premise
before being cut off by OH changing the channel.

“Ugh, live radio shows? Ah come on! Who comes up with that? I see enough
people talking at work, I’m sick of people talking!” OH complains aloud to no
one as he changes channels.

“Our Black Friday sale begins Tuesday! Tuesday! Tuesday! Tuesday!” an
announcer’s voice screams as footage of the latest Hajj stampede is shown to
emphasize the doorbuster sales. Millions of devotees clad in white robes are
seen stampeding towards a single door labeled “Bathroom, unisex and uni-sect.”
People fall and are crushed to death by their fellow brothers and sisters with
reckless abandon, but the tide does not abate.

“Tuesday? Why you son of…..! Why not just declare the whole year to be Black
Friday?” OH expresses, his outrage severe, he flips channels again.

On this channel, an elderly enigmatic figure dressed in a white cloak marches
down an aisle in some kind of temple, on either side of him countless
thousands of his avid followers stand silently, rapt by his presence. Walking
beside the cloaked figure is the President from _Perfect Dark_…..wait no! It’s
Indonesian President Joko Widodo! Wait, that’s still not right! It’s President
Barack HUSSEIN Obama! OH doesn’t recognize his commander-in-chief despite once
having a beer with him.

“Ah, what is this, the trailer for the new _Star Wars_ movie?” OH asks,
confused by the seemingly sci-fi scene he beholds.

A text box at the bottom of the screen displays the message, “Pope says world
leaders should recognize the worldwide genocide of Christians by you-know-
who.”

“Oh the Pope!” OH exclaims in recognition, flapping his fat arms.

OH then has to think for a second about who you-know-who is.

“Bikers? Confederate flags? Fraternity banners? Space aliens? Incels
(involuntarily celibates)?” OH reviews in his head all of the groups or things
fingered by society for all the world’s ills this year.

The text box at the bottom of the screen now flashes the message, “Pope says
every European church should take in one “family” of you-know-who.”

“Uh, now I’m not the brightest crayon in the box, but why would you take in
you-know-who if you-know-who is the one committing genocide against you?” OH
questions the television.

The text box at the bottom of the screen now informs us, “Pope encourages
everyone everywhere to follow his example.”

“Oh great, I’m gonna make like the Pope and build a wall around my marble
columned mansion and live in an elitist, enclosed society, totally off limits
to everyone with my own personal army who are armed with guns because “Thou
Shalt Not Kill” and “we don’t believe in the death penalty in any
circumstance,”” OH declares, elated to follow the Pope’s completely
hypocritical example.

“Does the Pope shit in the woods?” OH rhetorically asks as he switches up
channels again back to _Talk Back with Bob Larson_.

Back at the interview, Uncle Adolf is going on one of his infamous lectures
about German history while Larson sits across from him in the studio,
seething, trying to hold it in.

“It is the failure of our educators that so often dooms us, takes away our
understanding, weakens our culture. Wagner, our greatest genius, understood
the inevitability of history. Teachers do not. They teach the lessons of the
past as though they are merely written in books for our amusement. And yet,
history is all around us, a part of us. We make that history, and we shall
continue to live out the design that has been evolving for thousands of years.
There was a time when I felt ashamed of Germany’s distant past, but I have
come to new conclusions. In the ancient world, the Romans and Greeks had their
finest glories, while the Germans lived in mud huts and killed animals with
sticks. It is one of those annoying traits that I endured from Meathook
Mussolini while he was still alive. He believed that because he was Italian,
he was somehow superior, because his history was superior. He misses the
point. Rome and Athens…especially Athens, are gone, finished, obliterated into
modernity! But over the centuries, Germany’s greatness has grown. It is a slow
and deliberate process, men like Frederick the Great and Bismarck taking their
lessons from those who came before. We embrace those things that made those
empires great, while we avoid their mistakes. Teachers are mostly stupid….” he
lectures whilst weakly waving his frail arms.

“That was….so outrageous….so blasphemous! Please explain yourself because THAT
was utter stupidity and blasphemy!” Larson rages in a low voice, so stunned by
what he’s heard he can’t even get too angry at it.

“Borrrrriinnnngggg!” OH grunts before changing channels, thinking the only
blasphemy was the Greeks declaring themselves to be the hardest working people
in the world whilst simultaneously having a retirement age of fifty.

This next channel is showing one of those press conferences that occur after
every football game (but not after every weekend in Chicago where 60, 70
people get shot) where the players and coaches explain in stupidly simple
terms why they either won or lost.

A running back from the Washington “Rrr-rrrs” named Deshawn Quickly has just
been asked why he did not get a touchdown on a particular play. The obvious
answer being he was tackled, but hey these sports reporters got to make a
living somehow.

“Yo, I was told _NOT_ to score!” Mr. Quickly proclaims to the room of
pressmen, pointing to an invisible source/assailant.

“Gaah, stupid players! We give them millions, all the riches one could ever
want or ask for, and STILL they can’t follow the scripts we write! What do we
gotta do? Surgically sew it to them? Make them get a tattoo of it?” OH rambles
aloud, so frustrated that his carefully written football scripts still wind up
dropping a bunch of obvious hints about the plainly fraudulent nature of it
all thanks to the dimwitted players and coaches.

Out of sheer frustration of being reminded of his thankless job as a
professional sports writer, OH changes the channel again back to the interview
with Adolf Hitler, it’s the “only thing on” and at least mildly interesting.

Larson is now leaning in towards Hitler, looking taken aback once again at
something Hitler said.

“So you were happy when Gavrilo Princip shot Archduke Franz Ferdinand…and
killed him?” Larson questions Hitler in a soft, near whispering tone of voice.

“Vell, it broke the boredom….” Uncle A murmurs politely.

“Broke the boredom? Broke the BOREDOM???!!!” Larson shrieks totally bewildered
by the fact that World War Part One did in fact break the boredom for some
people.

“All right, enough of this!” OH snorts as he turns the TV off, at last forced
by the mediocrity of daytime television to do the unthinkable………go outside!

OH waddles to his front door and steps outside. Standing on the top step he
looks up into the sky after hearing a sharp whining noise that sounds like a
lawnmower. A Predator drone with the FBI’s logo on it’s radar dome lazily
flies by. Hey, that’s legal, the attorney general said so!

Closely following on the heels of the Predator drone is a blimp advertising
the upcoming _Peanuts _movie. The blimp features Snoopy having a dogfight with
the Red Baron during World War Part One. You know, back when they let cartoon
dogs into the Air Corps.

Lastly trailing behind the _Peanuts_ blimp is a UFO that looks like a silver
dinner plate. On the bottom of it is a large picture of Heaven’s Gate leader
Marshall Applewhite’s face, mouth open, eyes wide, teeth showing, like he is
exhorting, “Follow me!” He also has hair and looks much younger.

OH scoffs and proceeds down his front steps as the incredibly 80s and
unbelievably cheesy synth solo from “All I need is a miracle” by Mike + the
Mechanics plays from an unknown location.

Upon reaching the bottom step, already winded, OH pauses, only to see a man
who looks like Kirk from _Gilmore Girls_ putting a blue letter B sticker on
nearby telephone pole. The man is dressed in all black aside from t-shirt with
various anime characters on it.

“Uhhhh, whats the “B” stand for?” OH inquires of man, deathly curious.

Unbeknownst to OH, the man is one of those incel/beta/edgelord/omega/4channers
that have recently been classified as terrorist group number one in the world
(you know because two semi-related shooting massacres in two years were
“linked directly to them”) and is part of the “Beta Uprising” apparently going
on (well, according to sensationalist news websites who need clicks to stay in
business anyway). However, despite being an international terrorist, he is
terrified because OH, a normie/normalfag (anyone not of their kind) has spoken
to him without warning. Add that to the fact that he is _outside_ and away
from his computer and it’s enough to put him over the edge.

“It’s the Beta Rebellion!” the highly trained super skilled killer terrorist
shouts in a panicked tone before immediately running to the street and tossing
himself under the next passing tractor trailer.

Gore and various goo sprays through the air and stains the vinyl siding of
OH’s humble abode.

“D’oh!” OH grunts, he just pressure washed that siding last weekend.

****

Just down the street from OH’s home, at a Bass Pro Shop, a young man who also
looks like Kirk from _Gilmore Girls_ and also dons an anime shirt, stands
before a counter as an old salty looking clerk in plaid shirt stares at a
computer next to the cash register.

On the computer’s screen is the message in 1,000 point red font: “BACKGROUND
CHECK FAILED THE MAN BEFORE YOU IS A PSYCHO WHO WILL ALMOST CERTAINLY USE THE
WEAPON HE IS INTERESTED IN BUYING FOR A MASS SHOOTING.”

“Well, sir, you failed your background check, I’m afraid I can’t sell you this
firearm,” the clerk drawls laconically.

“Hmm, that’s too bad, I guess I’ll go get a 9 to 5, move to the suburbs, get a
Stepford wife and white picket fence and have the most normal, law abiding
mundane existence ever and forget this whole mass murdering deal and I say
that totally without sarcasm,” the Kirk doppelganger states before doing an
about-face and stomping off.

****

OH had just finished wiping the brain matter off his white shirt when his
neighbor Bagel Cohen, a conscientious Jewish biker rides up to him. He has a
Star of David on his motorcycle’s gas tank and is wearing the Jewish version
of a cowboy hat.

“Heya OH, how ya dooing?” Bagel questions him, all cheery in his heavy New
York area Jewish accent.

“Hi Bagel, well my internet is out so I’m going outside, not going too well so
far. Say, did you know that there is some kind of rebellion going on?” OH
converses with his thoughtful neighbor.

“Oy! I did not! Well, anyway, beats Gaz-er. I was just on my way to IHOP, my
favorite eating establish-mint. I always tell them though, it’s gotta have the
K for kosher. No K on the salad dressing, I no eat your salad. Capish?” Bagel
explains at length to OH.

“That sounds great, Bagel, have a good time! Watch out for this rebellion
thing though!” OH warns his conscientious neighbor.

“Well, at least it isn’t the West Bank! Sorry you screwed up your internet,
later OH!” Bagel signs off as he starts up his motorcycle, waves and takes off
in a cloud of dust (despite driving on pavement).

“D’oh! It’s not MY fault the internet is out!” OH vainly protests as Bagel
drives off. Dejected, he sits back down on his front steps, putting his head
in his hands.

At that moment, a wood paneled station wagon cruises by with the Kirk
doppelganger who failed his background check earlier behind the wheel. In the
backseats are a pre-teen boy and girl, bouncing up and down in place, in the
passenger seat is a 30-something blonde haired wife holding a Golden Labrador
puppy. The Kirk doppelganger is wearing a suit and tie and looks a lot
happier. He waves to OH (even though he doesn’t know him) as he passes because
he’s such a _nice_ guy.

OH is dumbfounded as he watches them drive away off into the distance.

Suddenly, the front door to his house creaks open just enough for OH’s wife to
calmly, but sharply report out of it, “Oh and OH it _IS_ your fault, fuck
you.”

She slams the door shut with a thud. OH heartily frowns as glass is heard
breaking somewhere.

**Trivia:** References include _Gilmore Girls_, “All I need is a miracle” by Mike + the Mechanics, _Perfect Dark 64_, _Mentally ill on Capitol Hill_ (also on this site under XavierJets), the Bob Larson-James Mason interview, _No Less Than Victory_, _The Stepford Wives_, _The Simpsons_, _Insert that word you can’t say here_ (also on this site under XavierJets), Pope Francis, the _Star Wars_ series, Pastor Manning, the non-satirical news article “The Beta Rebellion has begun,” Bass Pro Shop, _The Big Lebowski_, the _Peanuts_ movie, Heaven’s Gate, World War parts One and Two, background checks, _Mission: Impossible 64, _ and _Love and Betrayal: The Mia Farrow Story_.

\--Hitler WAS an Austrian painter at first.

\--Hitler’s lecture on the radio show is based on a speech he gives in the
book, _No Less Than Victory_.

\--I did know an Argentinian named Miracle.

\--I did see internet connections called “FBI VAN” and “fuck off this is my
connection.”

\--The top rated comment underneath that non-satirical news article about the
“Beta Rebellion” said that “Betas” were the _REAL_ terrorists and not radical
Islam.

\--A football player did say he was told NOT to score to a reporter.

\--The Greeks did have a retirement age of 50 whilst also saying they worked
the most hours of anyone in Europe.

\--The “Betas” online did design a logo for themselves featuring the letter B.

\--The Pope does live in a walled-in mansion with a private army.

\--There is someone who makes his living as a Hitler impersonator in Kosovo.

