### UTTER STUPIDITY AND BLASPHEMY by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-10-26. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** International businessmen are chewed out by a co-worker after making a joke about Saudi Arabia. President Obama makes a telephone call to Vladimir Putin, interrupting his game of Tetris. 

* * *

**_Utter Stupidity and Blasphemy_**

In an upper floor of one of New York City’s innumerable skyscrapers, a group
of highly trained international businessmen sit around a conference table,
patiently taking a verbal beating from one of their outraged co-workers. It’s
a fine clear day outside, not a cloud in the sky. A Boeing 767 airliner
cruises by as the Staten Island ferry dutifully chugs along towards it’s
Manhattan terminal. Hot dog vendors, stockbrokers, and high-end prostitutes
busily rush about as they commence their work day. On a street corner near
Times Square, a well-dressed man in a metallic green party hat warns passersby
that the spacemen are coming. A few blocks over an African gentleman in a toga
similarly warns both commuters and tourists alike of the coming “black
apocalypse.” In short, it is a par-for-the-course day in New York City.

High atop the skyscraper, amidst the cloudless sky, the verbal whipping
continues unabated. The co-worker lecturing the international businessmen is a
younger chap with spiked hair and a bright pink tie. His voice can be
described as sniveling and his tone as condescending. You see, someone just
cracked a “politically incorrect” joke about the Saudis.

“Now that’s enough outta YOU, Daniel Johnston! I don’t want to hear another
word! Out of any of you! The Saudis are our friends. They helped us out in the
Gulf War. They’re our biggest allies in the Middle East. They’re an advanced
nation, unlike Saddam’s Iraq or Gaddafi’s Libya…” he rants on, wagging an
admonishing finger at his captive audience.

Around the table, everyone hangs their heads in “shame,” waiting for the
barrage to end. A businessman from Texas, appropriately wearing a cowboy hat
like all businessmen from Texas apparently do, curses himself for not waiting
till Pinky over there left the room to make a joke.

Across from him sits a man from Dubai, dressed in traditional Arabic garb. He
knows the lecture is bullshit. It’s those damn Saudis who are cutting into his
market of enticing young, attractive American women over to Dubai for a
weekend of being fucked, shit on, pissed on, spit on, choked, and discharged
on by Dubai’s elites for $10,000 a pop. He’s hosted a few such weekends for
his clients. It’s always a big hit! Lately though, the damn Saudis have been
outbidding him! Fuck the Saudis! Not literally though…

Sitting beside the fuming businessman from Dubai is a 102-year-old Japanese
businessman who appears to be bowing his head sullenly, but is actually
secretly playing _Pokey-Man Blue_ on a Game Boy Color beneath the table. He
thinks the little pocket monsters are the greatest thing since Hirohito’s work
as a marine biologist. At the moment he is slowly scrolling, one tap of the A
button at a time, through one of the game’s many lengthy expositions.

Across the table, a businessman from Ugandaaaaaaaaaaa is attempting to listen
with his limited ability at understanding American first world problem
outrage. He has a giant brick sized1980s style cell phone in his suit jacket’s
breast pocket and thinks Windows ’95 is when you have ninety-five windows
lined up in a row.

Sitting at the back end of the conference table is a South Korean businessman,
who is actually North Korean, but is incognito as part of a spying initiative
inspired by his “dear leader.” His dear leader wants to find out the effect of
_Starcraft_ on the economy of South Korea, this is of absolutely critical
importance and must be known! Everyone on the peninsula knows that _Starcraft_
is going to play a huge role when the Korean War starts back up. Presently,
however, he is trying and failing to see the relevance of his co-worker’s
outburst. He notices something gray flash by just above Pinky’s shoulder, but
casually dismisses it.

At the head of the table, the dressing down marches on.

“….and I’m 100% positive that if there was ever a WAR….in the Middle East that
created a huge refugee crisis, that Saudi Arabia would throw open their arms
and take in more of their beleaguered Muslim brethren than anyone else! And
you can take that to the bank!” Pinky finishes, scoffing after the word “war”
because he thinks that region of the world has finally taken a “chill pill.”

Just as the last echo of his condescending voice fades out, an announcement is
nonchalantly reported over the floor’s PA system.

“ALLAH AKBAR!” the announcer’s voice says in a thick Middle Eastern accent.

Just as the last syllable rings out, a Boeing 767 airliner smashes into the
conference table at 500 miles per hour, spewing flaming napalm (in the form of
jet fuel) everywhere, sending airplane parts, body parts, and a fair amount of
smug flying in every direction. Some debris and excreta haphazardly falls
dozens of floors to the street below. Passersby start to believe that the
spacemen _are_ coming. Where the conference table once stood a burning piece
of airliner fuselage now sits, acting as a giant frying pan as it heats up
sheet rock, office furniture, and gelatinous chunks that up to a few seconds
ago were recognizable as human flesh.

_102 minutes later…._ (a French accented drawl lazes)

Slowly approaching the blazing tower is a proud member of the New York City
Police Department. He is glider-borne and carries a fire extinguisher. He is
also a midget, and yes there are midget cops in the NYPD.

As he slips close to the tower, the black toxic smoke and licking flames
overtake him. The delicate wings of the glider are soon singed. Thus the
glider can no longer glide and thereafter sinks like a rock in the tide.

In the ten seconds the stricken glider takes to fall to the Earth, the last
ten seconds of the brave officer’s short life (no pun intended), he lets out a
long dramatic, “Nnnnn---AAAAAAHHHHH---OOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!” in his squeaky dwarf
voice. Everyone in the Towers, all the rescue personnel on scene, and even
Vice President Dick Cheney in his secret underground bunker, look up in
surprise at the theatrical death of NYPD’s smallest member.

Back at the 90th floor frying pan, the businessman from Texas dusts off his
pearl white Stetson and stands up from a broken I beam. He looks relatively
unhurt aside from a small X shaped bandage on his forehead.

The only other survivor from the conference table is the 102-year-old Japanese
businessman who now unashamedly plays _Pokey-Man Blue_ on his Game Boy Color
out in the open while sitting at a desk that is on fire. He’s just glad that
Pinky finally shut up.

The Texan sighs as he places his Stetson back atop his head.

“Well boys it looks like this is it, they can’t get to us and we can’t get to
them. I don’t know about y’all but I’m getting’ outta here if it harelips
everyone at Possum Lodge,” he defiantly announces to everyone still alive on
the floor. However, there is no one alive on the entire floor; save for the
102-year-old Japanese businessman, who despite being on fire now, is _still_
wrapped up in his _Pokey-Man_ game.

Moments later, starting at the floor of impact, what’s left of the North Tower
of the World Trade Center begins to pancake collapse in on itself at free-fall
speed. Floor upon floor is smashed together, everything is pulverized and
atomized. Huge blocks of concrete a city block wide are reduced to a talcum
powder like substance.

Among the gigantic doomsday cloud of the collapsing tower, the Texan,
straddling an I beam like a bucking bronco, rides the cataclysmic wave of
debris down as it crashes to street level.

“AAAAA—HOOOO! YEEEE-HHHOOO! WAAA—HOOO!” the Texan screeches as he fans the I
beam with his Stetson, having the time of his life.

Riding the I beam and howling a rebel yell till the end, the Texan and the
whole _Independence Day_ spaceship sized mess crumps to the ground, puffing
out a cloud of gray smoke so large and pervasive it can be seen from space.

Minutes, hours or even days later, two forlorn paramedics sit in the back of a
dust covered ambulance near Ground Zero. Their heads are in their hands, they
look about as dejected as one can get.

“I don’t think anyone survived that collapse…” one of the paramedics mutters.

Suddenly, the back doors of the ambulance creak open and there stands the
Texan. Dust covered from head-to-toe and still wearing his Stetson, he
addresses the two shell shocked medics.

“Howdy y’all. Y’all got any of them medical mariel-wanna pills?” he inquires
of them in his slow Southern drawl.

**Part Two:**

President Barack HUSSEIN Obama rubs his eyes as he leans back in his
presidential chair in the Oval Office. This is not going to be an easy call to
make, but he must do it. He sighs as he leans forward and picks up the
massively oversized red telephone that is used for extreme emergencies only.
The phone is so big it dwarfs him and as he dials the 28-digit extension to
put him through on this super secure, ultra top secret line, one of the
buttons breaks off. He heaves the giant sized phone up to his head (though
it’s taller than his whole body) with both hands and listens intently as it
begins to ring.

On the other side of the world, Russian head-of-state Vladimir Putin sits at a
large, ornate mahogany desk within the walls of the Kremlin. He is playing
_Tetris_ on his computer, enjoying the traditional Russian troika that serves
as _Tetris_’s theme song. The red “for emergency use and mistresses only”
phone beside him abruptly begins to ring madly, breaking his concentration.

Flustered, he puts his game on pause and picks it up.

“Da?” Putin answers eagerly.

“Bwah, uh hello? You there Vlad?” President Obama bwahs in.

“Ah, good evening Prezseedint Soetoro,” Putin greets him in his thick Russian
accent.

“Bwah, knock it off Vlad, don’t use my real name,” President Obama sternly
warns him.

“Sure thing Misteer Barry, what is the meaning of your call?”

“Bwah, I need to talk to you about something very important; you may already
know what it is. Vlad, I’ll be direct, I need you to stop bombing and killing
my dudes.”

“Misteer. Barry, whatsoever do you mean? My men are not bombing your Fort
Bragg, are they?”

“Bwah, don’t be coy with me Vlad, you know I wanted a caliphate.”

“I’m afraid, I steel don’t understand Misteer Barry…”

“Ah come on Vlad! Where do ya think ISSILE got all those brand new Toyotas
from? What’d ya think we sold ‘em all?”

“Misteer Barry are you asking me to terminate Russia’s bombing campaign in
Syria? As it is “killing your doods” as you say?”

“Bwah, well you don’t have to end it, just suspend it, scale it back a little.
You’re cramping my style Vlad, you’re doing more airstrikes in one day than
we’ve done in six months! Come on now, we put those guys in the latest digital
camouflage, provided all their transportation, held the door open for them on
our way out…this was really a big project Vlad!”

“Okay Misteer Barry, I’ll cut you a deal, first teel me what N.W.A. stands
for.”

“Bwah, why does everyone always ask me that? Hmm, let’s see….uh….it
means…uh….bwah…this is a tough one…..uh….it means rrrr-rrrrs with attitude.”

“Da. And what is the name of your national league football team in Washington
state?”

“Bwah, great another tough one, another word I’m not supposed to say. Uhhh,
let’s see……bwah…hmmm… oh yeah…the Washington…uh…Retards! Yeah, that’s a less
offensive word!”

Putin pauses for a moment, remembers how to laugh (no laughing was allowed in
the KGB), then has a hearty laugh. His awkward Russian laugh echoes across the
world to President Obama’s ears.

“Bwah, quit it with the 88-bombing-sorties-a-day Vlad, I mean it,” President
Obama warns him, trying to sound like a tough guy.

“I’ll see what I can do, no promises,” Putin grunts quickly before hanging up
and un-pausing his game of _Tetris_, the troika starts back up as blocks begin
to tumble from the top of the screen again.

Back at the White House, President Obama hangs up the mammoth phone and
shrugs.

“Bwah, I tried,” President Obama concedes aloud.

The door to the oval office creaks open and sharply dressed yet highly nervous
aide pokes his head in.

“Uh, sir, your three o’clock is here,” the aide reports.

The door opens fully and in walks Ahmed Mohammad, the famous 14-year-old
clockmaker from Texas. He is wearing a shirt that says, “Genius at Work” and
is carrying a large black briefcase with him.

President Obama gets up from his desk and approaches Ahmed with an
outstretched hand.

“Bwah, hey Ahmed, good to see you!” President Obama greets him warmly, shaking
his hand and patting him on the back.

“President Obama, most gracious, most merciful, it is an honor to meet you,”
Ahmed gushes, his cheeks blushing beneath his spectacles.

President Obama notices the briefcase and just like that he’s _turned his day
aroundddddd_, just by being reminded how many young super-duper smart church-
going men there are in the nation like Ahmed.

“Bwah, cool clock Ahmed. Why don’t you fire her up? Go ahead give her a whirl
for us!” President Obama proposes, excited to see how this Thomas Edison level
of genius invention works.

Ahmed silently obeys. He opens the briefcase, flicks a few switches, attaches
some wires to a circuit board, and a digital display bolted to the case lights
up. A row of red numbers appears on the display screen.

“Bwah, wow look at that!” President Obama says, quite elated.

The numbers on the digital display begin ticking down, almost as if it was a
timer and not a clock. As the numbers on the display click closer and closer
to zero, President Obama becomes a little confused.

“Bwah, say Ahmed, why are the numbers counting down?” President Obama asks,
slightly perplexed and vaguely alarmed.

Outside the White House a crowd of passing tourists are stunned when moments
later the whole center portion of the building vanishes in a cloud of black
smoke with an energetic _wooofffff_, the columns holding up the roof shatter
like toothpicks. The roof and columns subsequently flop to the ground as a
crowd gathers and pulls out their cell phones. The first selfie is taken
before the explosion’s reverberation can even make it across the Potomac.

**Trivia:** References include _Dr. Adele or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Tsar Bomba _(also on this site under XavierJets), _Dr. Strangelove_, _Manhattan Medics_, _Pok__é__mon Blue_,  
_Report from Ground Zero_, the Russian intervention in Syria, _Insert that
word you can’t say here _(also on this site under XavierJets), _Mentally ill
on Capitol Hill _(also on this site under XavierJets), Daniel Johnston,
_Barheads_, _Starcraft_, Ahmed the clockmaker of Texas, the Syrian Civil War
refugee crisis, _Tetris_, the “Me So Horny” music video by 2 Live Crew, _The
Red Green Show_, _The Simpsons_, _The Short Timers_, Game Boy Color, 9/11, the
Korean War, the Allah Akbar compilation on YouTube, the “I’m in your base,
killing your dudes” meme, _Independence Day_, “Forgot about Dre” by Dr. Dre
and Eminem, _Spongebob Squarepants_, the Bob Larson-James Mason interview, the
Uganda “they eat the poo poo” video, and Windows ’95.

\--In both _Manhattan Medics_ and _Report from Ground Zero_ it was mentioned
that a man rode the wave of debris from the collapsing towers down 80 or 90
floors and all he had to show for it was a few broken bones.

\--The New York City Police Department does accept, recruit, and have midgets
within its ranks.

\--_Starcraft_ does affect the economy of South Korea.

\--Russia is pulling more sorties per day than everyone else does in months.

\--Emperor Hirohito did do work as a marine biologist.

\--Vice President Dick Cheney did go into a secret underground bunker on 9/11.

\--Young, attractive American women (even famous ones) going to Saudi Arabia
or Dubai for well-paid debauchery is a market.

\--Both doomsday proselytizers mentioned at the beginning of part one were
actually seen in New York City.

\--Ahmed’s clock did count down.

