### SWEDISH DARTH VADER by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-10-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Under orders from Emperor, the infamous Siff Lord attacks the peaceful land of Yerp Derp. 

* * *

**_Swedish Darth Vader_**

(Cue the _Star Wars_ main theme as the text scrolls through the vastness of
outer space.)

**Star Wars:**

**The Swedish Menace**

**"All is not well in the land of Yerp Derp. The continuing immigration of “Asian” refugees from outlying star systems is in dispute.  
  
To the south the sensible Serp Derbs have stopped all immigration to their
small country of Serp Derbia with a blockade of poorly trained riot police;
however this only serves to further complicate the matter.  
  
Meanwhile, as the parliament of Yerp Derp endlessly debates this alarming
chain of events, an angry young Yerp Derpian is secretly plotting to “resolve
the issue” with an utterly silly act of violence...."**

As the main theme fades out, we pan down to planet Earth and the snowy, frost-
bitten land of Yerp Derp, located just below the Arctic Circle. In small a
studio apartment in one of Yerp Derp’s major cities, a young, scrawny, long
girly haired Yerp Derpian sits at his laptop, blankly staring into the screen.
The walls of the apartment are lined with Rammstein and Rob Zombie posters and
somewhere in the background Rob Zombie’s “More Human Than the Huu-Man” song is
braying. The young Yerp Derpian looks so typically European Industrial Goth
that it is almost comical, he just about shits bats. (Reminder: Stereotypes
are true, folks.)

Apparently viewing a news website, a row of headlines on his screen reads as
follows:

“**Palestinian stabs security guard, is subsequently shot dead by security
guard**”

“**Palestinian stabs soldier, is subsequently shot dead by soldier**”

“**Palestinian stabs bystander, is subsequently shot dead by mob of carrying
bystanders**”

“**Palestinian stabs self, is subsequently shot dead by other Palestinians**”

“**Palestinian leader reassures Palestinians: The “Day of Rage” is really
gonna work this time! It’s still REAL to me dammit!**”

After browsing the headlines the Goth Yerp Derpian has a stark and stunning
eureka moment, though his face remains expressionless.

“Hey! Maybe if _I _do a stabbing, I’ll bring attention to my “cause” too!
These “Asian” refugees need to be stopped! ” the ponytailed Yerp Derpian
thinks to himself, whilst still staring listlessly at the computer screen, his
brows furrowing in thought, conveniently forgetting that whole “subsequently
shot dead” part.

He turns around in his swivel chair and briefly watches the Rob Zombie music
video currently playing on his lunchbox sized television.

“More human than the huuu-man!

More human than the huuu-man!

More human than the huuu-man!

More human than the huuu-man!”

As Rob Zombie repeats endlessly on, our ponytailed protagonist assumes the
“Thinker” pose and further contemplates this whole stabbing idea.

“Maybe I should do it at a school….yeah! Everybody hates school, right?” he
argues to himself, his dark, stoner eyes momentarily flaring with epiphany.

Suddenly from behind him, a gravelly and sinister voice commands him, “Do it.”

The young Yerp Derpian is so startled he falls off his dilapidated swivel
chair as he goes to turn around towards the source of the evil voice.

Struggling to his knees, he bows his head out of respect (or fear?) as soon as
he beholds the instantly recognizable figure standing before him.

It none other than Sith Lord Emperor Palpatine of the Galactic Empire! Yes,
somehow standing in the middle of his dimly lit apartment is the Dark Lord
himself! From somewhere in the background, the Emperor’s theme begins to
ominously play, cutting off Rob Zombie.

“Kill them immediately!” Emperor Palpatine orders the long haired Yerp Derpian
as he waves a pale, wrinkly hand in his direction.

“At the school, my Lord?” the young Yerp Derpian asks nervously, his ponytail
shaking in fright as he keeps his head bowed.

“Wipe them out…..all of them…” Emperor Palpatine growls from behind the hood
of his black cloak. The room has darkened now to the point that only the
Emperor’s yellow teeth, red rimmed eyes, and sickly pale skin show through the
darkness. As the Emperor’s theme lingers on, a wisp of gray smoke washes over
the two of them.

The young Yerp Derpian hesitates for a moment before answering, “Yes….my
master.”

“Goooooodddd…………Gooooodddd,” the Emperor coos whilst smiling a malevolent
yellow toothed grin.

Aroused by the Hate flowing, Emperor Palpatine composes himself before
proceeding.

“The Hate is strong with you. A powerful Siff Lord, you will become.
Henceforth, you shall be known as Darth.........................**” **Emperor
Palpatine trails off from his diabolic speech; he pauses, looking genuinely
stumped about what to christen his new underling.

“Hmmmmmm,” Palpatine murmurs as the pause is elongated into awkward territory.

After a long interlude during which the young Siff Lord is tempted to look up
from his kneeling position to see if this all wasn’t an elaborate prank,
Emperor Palpatine shrugs in a resigned manner before uneasily finishing,
“…………..Vay-dah? Arise….”

The newly minted Siff Lord stands tall and feels like a brand new person. He
looks the Emperor in his yellow red rimmed eyes and assures him, “I will do as
you command, my master.”

“Gooooodddd, now go!” Emperor Palpatine sharply grunts as he mysteriously
disappears just as the lights come back on and the Emperor’s theme abruptly
cuts out.

As pale beige light fills the apartment again, it is revealed that the young
Yerp Derpian now has yellow red-rimmed eyes as well.

*****

As the 132-year-old elevator in our Siff Lord’s apartment complex grinds to a
halt and it’s ancient doors creak open, the first ever Yerp Derpian Siff Lord
comes into view. He is wearing a paintball mask, a German World War II era
Army helmet, a black trenchcoat, black combat boots, and all black clothing.
Sheathed on his side is his trusty lightsaber. It’s even got a red blade! See?
That means he’s a bad guy.

As he exits the elevator and steps out into the icy environs of Yerp Derp, the
world famous Imperial March begins to thunder from nowhere. He appropriately
marches off, making his way towards his destiny.

Navigating his way over a slippery sidewalk, a herd of Wampas go a-stompa-ing
by. Curiously, amidst the group of the Yeti-like ice beasts is a Sand Wampa
from the moon of Gall (symbolism!).

Moments later as the Siff Lord traverses across a crosswalk, a formation of
Tauntauns impatiently wait at a traffic light howling, “nabit, nabit, nabit,”
as their owners attempt to restrain them.

At long last, the school appears on the horizon. The “Duel of Fates” theme
roars in from the ether as the Siff Lord furiously trudges toward building,
his hand already caressing the pommel of his lightsaber.

Just as he reaches the school’s main entrance, he presses the “handicap
access” button aside the door to effect a dramatic, seemingly Force induced
entrance. He poses threateningly in front of the door as it slowly squeaks
open, making like Darth Maul at the end of _Episode I_, only sillier (if
that’s possible).

As the interior of the school comes into his view, standing clueless right in
front of him is a mob of the multicultural, multi-species student body. As he
steps forward into the building, the flock of students composing of humans,
Ewoks, Wookies, Mon Calamari, Mandalorians, Toydarians, droids, Grans, Dugs,
and Weequays rush, fly, skip, and amble over to him out of pure excitement
with the lightest of light hearts. Their squeals of joy blot out the operatic
music.

They are all over-the-top excited for the new _Star Wars_ movie and think
Mister Siff Lord here has gotten into the spirit of things by dressing up as
Darth Vader, even though he bears more of a resemblance to Dark Helmet from
_Spaceballs_.

Angered that he isn’t being taken seriously, the Siff Lord pulls out his
lightsaber and waves it menacingly at the crowd.

“I _AM _your father!” he announces to his audience through the paintball mask.

However, the classic line coupled with the lightsaber’s buzzing back and forth
merely makes the group of interplanetary students cheer, hoot, holler, flip,
flop, cluck, and groan in approval.

Just as the applause dies down, a liberal do-gooder buzz killington teacher
pushes his way through the crowd and confronts the endlessly amusing Siff
Lord.

“Go away, you’re scaring the children! And take off your mask didn’t you see
our mask-free zone sign?” the teacher screeches at him, either unaware he is
dealing with a madman or simply thinking that the lightsaber is harmless
because it’s a not a gun.

“Be careful, he is a Siff Lord!” a Dug student ribbits before clapping his two
stubby arms together in delight.

A hearty laugh ripples through the horde of intergalactic students as the
teacher turns to face them and assures the gathering throng with all the
authority that his college degree grants him, “Not to worry, Siff Lords are my
specialty!”

Just as dramatic music revs up and the teacher turns back towards the Siff
Lord, he is cut down by one swift swing of the lightsaber. The dramatic music
appropriately dies. The Siff Lord, having mistaken the teacher for a Jedi
Knight and slain him, now believes his dark Midichlorians (is that even a
thing?) are way off the scale after such a feat.

The mass of students gasp at their teacher’s bloody death, but still believe
it’s all an act.

“Whoa!” a Gran student exclaims, all three of his eyeballs popping out in
surprise.

Wordlessly, the Siff Lord begins swiping at the students, injuring several of
them and sending the rest fleeing in all directions.

“It’s a trap!” a Mon Calamari student croaks with an upraised fin.

As the Siff Lord goosesteps off into the depths of the school, a cowering Ewok
student notices the coast is clear and goes to shake his fellow Ewok classmate
out of the duck-and-cover position he is presently in. However, when the Ewok
tries to wrest his fellow space bear up, his tiny body sinks limply, the
little guy having yubbed his last nub. Upon realizing this, the Ewok howls in
mourning over his school chum’s furry carcass.

In the meantime, the Yerp Derpian Menace marches about the school chasing
multiple species of students around whilst madly swinging his angry red
lightsaber. Although since he is marching about and not running or even
walking, all the students effortlessly escape his saber thrusts.

Frustrated the Siff Lord considers that maybe he should try walking…or
spinning….yeah that’s a good trick! Nevertheless before he can start to spin,
a pair of SWAT team members (who look suspiciously like Stormtroopers) round
the corner, pointing blaster rifles at him.

The flustered Siff Lord spots them and raises his lightsaber high, _knowing_
that he can block their blaster bolts with relative ease.

“It’s them! Blast ‘em!” one of the Stormtroopers reports over his internal
helmet radio.

Both Stormtroopers fire and the Siff Lord, being the pathetic Yerp Derpian
that he is, is mortally wounded by a single shot that completely misses all
his vital organs. He collapses dead to the floor with a _thump_, his sword
rattling on the pavement, his mask cracking open, revealing a goofy Cheshire
Cat grin upon his face.

One of the Stromtroopers takes off his helmet, exposing himself to be Finn
from _Star Wars: Episode VII: The Force Awakens_. He is breathing heavily and
incredibly sweaty.

“Man, I was just on my way to _CHOIR PRACTICE_ when this happened!” Finn rages
in disgust to his fellow Stormtrooper.

The other Stormtrooper removes his helmet, showing himself to be none other
than that scruffy-looking nerf herder Han Solo (who's scruffy-looking?).

“Whoa! Han, you’re a Stormtrooper now?” Finn asks, incredulous.

“_Part-time_!” Han nonchalantly sings.

Off to the right in a nearby classroom, an Imperial Probe Droid slowly peeks
up from behind a desk, energetically emitting it’s haunting techno-babble.

****

In a galaxy far, far away, Emperor Palpatine lounges in his throne aboard the
Death Star (or the starship _Executor _perhaps), watching a live freed from
the Probe Droid as his own theme rumbles over a loudspeaker. Taking in the
scene at the school, he begins to laugh his evil old man laugh. He cackles on
and on until abruptly, mid-laugh, he becomes choked up, he stutters on before
finally exhaling, “Eeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!””

With his head back and his mouth open, his evil-gasm is over and he quietly
passes out on his throne. His red cloaked bodyguards both chuckle to
themselves beneath their blood colored helmets.

**Trivia:** References include the _Star Wars_ series, the Red Letter Media _Star Wars _and _Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull_ reviews, _Alice in Wonderland_, _Escape from Tomorrow_, the Trollhättan school attack, popular police brutality/targeted shooting reactions, _No, You Shut Up!_, the 2015 Israeli-Palestinian conflict, the “It’s still real to me dammit!” YouTube video, _Spaceballs_, _Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire_, the Syrian Civil War refugee crisis, Scientology, _To the Last Man_, the “I’m so Goth, I shit bats” meme, _Mentally Ill on Capitol Hill _(also on this site under XavierJets), and _Death of a Jedi_.

\--A teacher did tell old Swedish Darth Vader to go away because he was
scaring the children and to take off his mask (probably because he wanted to
see if it was Hayden Christensen under there).

