### Pubert and the Persistent Pumpkin by Sozzle

**Date Added:** 2015-10-31. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Pubert the Parsnip must face a particularly persistent pumpkin in his quest to win the annual Halloween Handsome Contest. 

* * *

**Pubert and the Persistent Pumpkin**

**By Sozzle**

Pubert sighed as he tossed the bedcovers off his prone form. Much as he
desired to stay within the warm cocoon he had to get on with his day. Today
was the annual Halloween Handsome Contest and he was determined to be the
winner of this magnificent honour. Obviously he was the most handsome, but the
judges might need to be swayed a little, so a crisp new suit and cologne were
called for. He squirted himself liberally with his latest scent ‘Musky Man.’
Spluttering in the descending mist he reached for his comb and started
arranging his magnificent mane. Looking in the mirror he nodded with
satisfaction.

‘Well, put it this way, I’d do me.’

He donned his most blindingly white pants suits and slipped a cheeky carnation
in his breast pocket. He worried that the women he would meet on his way to
the contest might faint on the spot, such was the manliness of his appearance.
Well, he pondered, it was a risk he would have to take.

Since it was a full five hours before the contest was due to start he thought
he would spend the time perfecting his most seductive pout in the mirror. He
stretched his facial muscles this way and that and imagined all the screams of
approval he would soon receive. Once he had it down to his satisfaction, he
decided to test drive his look on his neighbour, Getrude the Gurkin. Today was
wash day so she was bound to be in the front yard hanging her smalls out.
Grinning to himself he bounded down the stairs and out the door.

Getrude was indeed out the front, a look of disapproval on her face as she
regarded her husband’s still stained y-fronts. Her dog Sammy was chomping one
of the socks he had dislodged from her basket.

‘Sammy you put that right down now or momma’s gonna get mad!’ She scolded the
unrepentant pooch.

Sammy dropped the sock in favour of a new plaything he had spotted. Pubert was
nonchalantly leaning against the fence and his green locks were swaying
invitingly in the wind. Sammy pounced and grabbed a hunk of hair in his jaws,
shaking and growling as he dragged the howling Pubert towards him.

‘Woman, get this hellhound off me AT ONCE!!!!’ Pubert bellowed.

Getrude looked unimpressed, but commanded Sammy to desist, to which he paid no
attention whatsoever. Finally he won his prize, wrenching a large amount of
Pubert’s hair out of his noggin.

‘Owwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! Police! Police!’ Screamed Pubert.

‘Oh get away with ye lad, tis nowt but a bit o’ that daft barnet oh yours.
Sammy! Sit!’

Pubert clasped his head and discovered to his relief most of his hair was
still present, although a hunk had been pulled out by the loathsome hound. He
sprang over the fence to deliver a mighty boot up the arse to the mutt.
Getrude, spotting his intention, grabbed Pubert in a headlock.

‘Now lad, you hurt my poochy-poo and you will live to regret the day! Now be
on your way and we shall say no more ‘bout it!’

Pubert groaned in her embrace and wriggled uselessly, trying to get out of the
death grip. He was only released after making signs of surrender. Getrude
tutted at him and returned to retrieve the abandoned sock, pinning it up with
all the others. He was dismissed as far as she was concerned. Sammy regarded
him with a smug expression, huge tongue lolling with satisfaction. Pubert
slunk out of the yard, muttering recriminations under his breath. Looking at
his watch he noticed it was only half an hour till the show was due to start.
Not even time for a leak, let alone change! He hailed a taxi, grabbing his bag
of show outfits and dove in, giving the address to the bored looking taxi
driver.

‘Hurry up my good man, here’s an extra 50p to step on it!’

The taxi man looked distinctly unimpressed. ‘You having a laugh mate? Make it
a tenner and we got a deal.’ Sighing in frustration Pubert dug into his wallet
and proffered the note. The taxi lurched forward and arrived with a minute to
spare.

Pubert leapt up the steps of the village hall where the contest was taking
place and thrust open the double doors. He could espy at the far end the
contestants selected to go up on the stage. Pubert pushed through the crowd
and arrived at the judges panel, panting and sweat stained.

‘I’m here, I’m here. Pubert. Pubert Parsnip.’

The two judges, a man and woman, took in his dishevelled appearance and
frowned at him. The woman looked down the list on her clipboard.

‘Ah….yes….well, I guess you should take the stage with the others. How many
votes did you win to be elected as a contender?’ She looked at her notes.
‘Hmmm five, all listed as a P Parsnip.’ She looked at him over her spectacles.
‘P Parsnip? What is the meaning of this?’ Her fellow judge simply pointed at
his watch. Sighing she allowed Pubert to advance towards the stage.

‘Idiots!’ Pubert muttered as he shoved a small child out of the way. He
climbed the stairs, brushing grass stains off his shirt.

There were two other finalists. You needed a minimum of five votes from the
village parishioners to win a place in the final. His ruse had worked! Ha he
had voted for himself five times and not been discovered. How cunning he was
he marvelled. Anyway that was irrelevant, here he was, despite his new rustic
look he was bound to win first place. Looking over he scanned his competitors,
Terence the Tomato, his manager at work, and Perry the Pumpkin, who looked
extra orange thanks to the fake tan he had liberally applied. Perry was a
fortune teller, making his money by owning a prediction hotline. What a load
of toss thought Pubert! What was Terence doing here? Pubert inwardly cursed.
He felt embarrassed for him. Did he seriously expect to oust him in the
handsome stakes? He might be on a higher pay bracket, but he was not of higher
visual appeal. Terence nodded to Pubert then tightened his bow tie and faced
the audience. Perry chose to ignore his presence entirely. Git.

Perry addressed the crowd. ‘I predict a perfect pumpkin will win this contest.
Tis written in the stars.’ A cheer rose up at this statement with a few, hear,
hears thrown in. Pubert was outraged. ‘Funny that, because I predict your
bulbous behind is about to get booted off this stage, by a rather attractive
and athletic parsnip!’ Pubert shouted over the audience. Shocked silence
descended, followed by disgruntled mutters and tutting. One woman threw her
beer bottle at Pubert, and he ducked just in time to avoid it. Perry clapped
and laughed. ‘Haha, you didn’t forsee that now did you my good sir?’ Pubert
glared at him. The judges shouted above the commotion. ‘Would members of the
audience desist from throwing projectiles at the contenders. Please calm down!
Now, gentlemen, please go stage left to don your swimsuits. Let’s see the
goods.’

This seemed to excite the audience. Perry waved at a sizeable group of women,
who all cheered encouragement. ‘See you soon my dears, prepare to be
titillated by my fine form, clad in the skimpiest of bathing suits!’ Several
of the women screamed.

Pubert addressed the same group. ‘My dears, that specimen deserves to be
mocked! A more pathetic pumpkin I have never had the misfortune to witness! It
is I, Pubert, who will have you gasping in anticipation!’

Pubert swept off the stage, after one last withering stare at his rotund
rival. Terence trotted after him and Perry last of all, making an obscene
gesture at Pubert’s retreating form. After a few moments all three were back
on the stage and doing stretches and daring poses. Pubert was clad in his
silken red thong, with ‘Warrior’ emblazed across his butt cheeks. Terence had
turned up in what could best be described as a Victorian one piece. He looked
a tad awkward as he marched around the stage. His wife waved enthusiastically
at him. ‘Go Terence! You look resplendent!’ She hollered. Perry had chosen an
outrageous lime green pair of speedos. He stood centre stage, thrusting
forward. The women were wild at the sight. The men in the audience were mostly
unimpressed, having been dragged to the event by wives and girlfriends. Some
meandered off to the bar at the rear. Clearly Perry was a clear hit with the
ladies and they were the ones most likely to actually vote. Pubert jigged this
way and that, hoping to drag the limelight away from his rival. The reaction
was one of bemusement. Perry jeered. ‘Face it my deluded friend, you are no
match for I, lord of the stage!’ He demonstrated a deep military squat and
more screams lifted into the air. Not to be out done, Pubert started doing
wild star jumps, vigorously flinging his arms up and down. Then it happened.
During one of his more violent jumps his tiny thong snapped, revealing his
manhood to all. An elderly lady screamed and mothers gathered their infants
into their arms to shield them from the sight. Pubert stared down in disbelief
and quickly covered himself and scampered backstage.

After a brief withdrawal and ponder, Pubert decided to don his final outfit, a
purple silk suit complete with top hat and cane. He strode confidently out
onto the stage, preparing to ignore his earlier wardrobe malfunction. Perry
was incensed. ‘Sir you are an outrage! Immediately leave this stage! You have
shocked and disgusted this innocent audience with the sight of your bollocks!’
The audience clapped at this statement, and urged Pubert to remove himself.
More beer bottles were thrown. Pubert wasn’t going to stand for this! Clearly
the contest was a fix. In fact he didn’t put it past Perry to have tampered
with his silk shorts. Lowering his head he charged for the persistent pumpkin
and tackled him to the ground. Terence jumped out of the way and looked in
disbelief at his employee, struggling on the ground with a spartanly-clad
pumpkin. Meanwhile the judges were trying to quell the riotous atmosphere, and
someone had called the police. Several officers rushed onto the stage and
separated the sparring combatants.

‘Right, that’s it, you’re both nicked for disturbing the peace!’ Pubert and
Perry were dragged to their feet and led down the stage steps in handcuffs.
Pubert put out a foot and managed to trip Perry over. Scoffing, he regarded
his fallen rival. ‘Didn’t foretell that fall from grace now did you?’ He was
still laughing as he was dragged away and bundled into the police van. Perry
soon joined him, glaring daggers as they faced each other in the back of the
van. Pubert pondered his situation. All in all not a bad day. He had had worse
and there was always next year. World. Watch out!

**The End **

