### ALOHA SNACKBAR! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-11-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** An Arabic man of Muslim faith sets up a food cart outside the Dome of the Rock. John Boyega (aka Finn of Episode VII) delivers some bad news to President Obama as he tries to enjoy a football game. 

* * *

**_Aloha Snackbar!_**

A happy-go-lucky Arabic man of Muslim faith can’t help but smile as he pushes
his food cart over the cobblestones surrounding the Dome of the Rock in
Jerusalem, Israel. Meet Sahib Ali, everyone say hi Sahib.

….

Sahib is quite the entrepreneurial young man. He can’t believe his luck, he
finally managed to bribe a guard into letting him set up shop near the tourist
hot spot “the Dome of the Rock,” which, as you all know, houses the very rock
where miracle of the Isra and Mi'raj occurred (you all remember that one,
right?). Additionally, it is a site soooo holy to those of Jewish faith that
they can’t even enter the temple due to it’s_ extreme_ holiness. However, they
are still encouraged to visit it and feel it’s spirit, no chiz.

Yes, Sahib is as happy as a clam as he sets up his food cart near the Dome. He
finished all five of his daily prayers earlier this morning just so his
workday would be uninterrupted. He hums to himself as he works, deploying the
umbrella that seems to come standard with one of these carts regardless of
climate or city. A sign on his cart reads, “100% halal.” Another shows the
cartoon pig Babe with a red line over it like a no smoking sign. At last, open
for business, he unfurls banner that reads, “Ali’s Snack Bar.”

“Ali’s Snack Bar! Ali’s Snack Bar!” Sahib begins shouting, immediately drawing
the rapt attention of everyone in the vicinity.

In an instant, a group of visiting Palestinians scatters like the Grinch is
coming, diving into sewer ducts, garbage cans, and suitcases. At that same
moment, a nearby mob of Hassidic Jews with Woody Allen glasses whip out the
Tavors, Galils, Negevs, and Jerichos which they carry on them everywhere they
go and open fire on Sahib, plastering his cart over and over in an
inescapable, unsurvivable fusillade of lead. As Sahib’s limp body sinks to the
ground and his bullet riddled umbrella flaps in the wind, a squad of Sayeret
Matkal, dressed like bushes (desert bushes?), emerge from a nearby open
manhole and also join in firing with everything they’ve got. The hiding
Palestinians peak out from their makeshift shelters to behold the unlucky sap
on the receiving end of this carnage.

Finally, there is a lull in the firing and all is calm as every Torah warrior
waits patiently for the smoke to clear.

From the haze, a weak voice is heard.

“Aaaaaaallllllahhhhhh…” it moans.

“Well, who wants lunch? Know any good places around here?” One of the Hassidic
Jews asks his brethren as he wipes gunpowder residue off his Woody Allen
glasses.

As his compatriots are thinking on the matter, he says aloud to no one in
particular, “Great, does this stuff come out or is it like Zyklon B?”

**Part Two:**

Aboard a typical passenger airliner, a highly trained middle-aged businessman
sits slouched in his seat, with an agonized look on his face.

The tiny screen in front of him is playing none other than _Star Wars: Episode
II: Attack of the Clones_.

In this particular scene, an emotionless Hayden Christensen portraying Anakin
Skywalker is rambling on in what must be the most awkward and contrived
attempt at flirting/romance in cinema history.

“I don't like _sand_. It's_ coarse_ and_ rough_ and_ irritating _and it gets
_everywhere_. Not like here. Here everything is _soft _and _smooth_,” Anakin
spits, as he begins stroking Natalie Portman’s arm with a single finger.
Because this is a movie, she stops herself from wincing and ironically comes
off quite stonily.

“AH COME ON! This movie is awful, this has got to be the worst, most forced
on-screen romance in the history of film! No pun intended. I mean come on;
_Deliverance_ had more chemistry than this!” the businessman rages, pounding
the seatback tray in front of him and causing the water is his cup to shoot up
into the air like a geyser.

Everyone else on the flight is either uncaring, asleep or are fans of the
prequels (gah, unthinkable!).

“At least theres no Zsa Zsa Bings,” an old man who looks like Leo Tolstoy
quips as he wipes himself off with a napkin. Being seated next to the
businessman he was right in the blast zone of old faithful there.

“Ah, just kill me now!” the businessman sarcastically pleads into the ether.

A few rows back, an agreeable young Chechen man with blonde hair and blue
eyes, who has been protectively holding his briefcase the whole flight, hears
his song. He stands up on his seat, towering above all to make his
announcement.

“ALOHA SNACKBAR!” he declares with a raised fist.

(Resists urge to say zeeky boogy doog).

_Blammo!_ The airliner immediately explodes in a brief white hot flash and
disintegrates mid-flight before anyone aboard can even question where the
snack-bar is.

*******

Halfway across the world, President Barack HUSSEIN Obama is “busy” watching a
football game on his iPhone while he sits in the Oval Office, happy that, for
once, all is “calm” for the time being. Yep, no planned terrorist attacks or
mass shootings for today. Not even a riot to encourage.

He’s enjoying himself immensely, bwahing his awkward laugh as he watches
another failed play. Even though these games are totally fake, and more rigged
than a carnival ring toss, they’re still pretty entertaining.

Just then, one of his assistants, who is none other than John Boyega of _Star
Wars: Episode VII: The Force_ Awakens (aka Yo Finn aka the black
Stormtrooper), approaches him and whispers a message into his ear.

“Sir, a passenger jet just spontaneously exploded over the Sinai Peninsula,”
he informs the President.

Presidente Obama turns and looks at him, putting his iPhone down, coming out
of his trance. He sighs before answering.

“Bwah, and it wasn’t an accident?” he questions JB/YF/BS.

“Planes don’t just spontaneously explode, do they?” JB/YF/BS sarcastically
remarks to the President.

Presidentay Obama rubs his chin as he assumes “The Thinker” pose.

“Hmm, probably one of those moderate groups we funded did it,” he posits,
trying to forget how bad that whole “fund the freedom fighters” thing went.

I mean _ah come on_, for three years we had them under contract, combat
lessons, tactics lessons, philosophy lectures! We spent tens of millions of
dollars! They were gonna be big heroes! And honestly, although he has never
cried in his life and rarely laughs, it's not all dollars and cents to
President Obama. Those guys were beautiful! They were young; they were
“moderate!” They were the goodest good guys we've ever had in the Middle East,
and we've tried to recruit “good guys” all over the world! And then Al-
Baghdadi comes along with his prayer leading voice and Islamic University
charm and they run off with him. They threw it all away just to make us look
ridiculous! And a man who is the leader of the “free” world can't afford to be
made to look ridiculous!

“So they were so moderate they blew up a plane fulla pee-poles?” JB/YF/BS
questions, utterly bewildered by the supposition.

The two of them are abruptly interrupted by a group of middle school students
on a tour of the White House.

“Now pay attention kids, and see how the “free” world is run!” the stout
middle-aged tour guide instructs, sounding like the secretary from Ferris
Bueller.

One student is wearing a memorial t-shirt for Fox Lake police officer Charles
Joseph Gliniewicz. His smiling mug is bracketed by the words, “GI Jimbo, a
_REAL_ American An Hero!”

The student next to him is wearing a t-shirt from the movie _Toy Town_, which
was very similar to _Toy Story_ and probably the one movie everyone in the
middle school has seen. Haven’t _you_ seen it?

A student at the head of the pack dons a t-shirt featuring a busty naked woman
on a motorcycle giving two middle fingers to the viewer. He looks to be the
most well-adjusted of the bunch, probably because his parents skipped putting
him on Ritalin at the suggestion of his all-knowing teacher. She thought all
children should sit still and shut up and if they can’t do that for eight
solid hours a day, they simply _must_ have a mental disorder.

“Bwah, hey kids!” President Obama waves to them, coming back down to Earth.
None of the kids waves back, their tour guide does though with enough
enthusiasm to make up for the bunch of them.

JB/YF/BS, apparently receiving an update on his earbud, moves closer to the
President and again murmurs something in his ear.

“Uh, sir, another plane fulla pee-poles just crashed in South Sudan,” he
whispers to him.

“BWAH! Ah come on! Would you ever get on a plane in South Sudan?” Obama asks
JB/YF/BS, not quite believing that anybody wanting to continue to live would
make that decision.

“Man, I would get in one of those hang glider cocoons with Michael Jackson to
get out of that nastiness,” JB/YF/BS exclaims.

President Obama winces as if saying “d’oh” mentally.

From the tour group, the kid with the naked woman on a motorcycle t-shirt
suddenly speaks up.

“When I grow up, I wanna be just like _him_!” he declares, pointing across the
room.

Following the path of his point, one finds he is pointing at JB/YF/BS and not
President Obama.

JB/YF/BS, suddenly (and mysteriously) is all sweaty and breathless as he looks
back in forth in a panic, absolutely confused, before finally pointing at
himself in acknowledgement.

**Trivia:** References include _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, Metrojet Flight 9268, the _Star Wars_ series, _The Battle of Nor-Leens_ (also on this site under XavierJets), Pastor Manning, _Wimp, Lose or Draw the Prophet _(also on this site under XavierJets), Woody Allen, _Deliverance_, _Liar, Liar_, Zeeky Boogy Doog, _Insert that word you can’t say here_ (also on this site under XavierJets), the 2015 Juba An-12 crash, the suicide of Charles Joseph Gliniewicz, Encyclopedia Dramatica, _Ferris Bueller's Day Off_, the Red Letter Media _Star Wars_ reviews,_ iCarly_, the Dome of the Rock, Islam, Judaism, _Living with Michael Jackson_, _Goldeneye_, Leo Tolstoy, the _Star Wars: Episode VII: The Force Awakens_ trailers, The Thinker statue, _The Godfather_, _The Simpsons_, _Love and Death_, _Babe_, the Grinch, and the miracle of the Isra and Mi'raj.

\--An Arabic man was shot to death in Israel for shouting “Allahu Akbar” once
because he was thought to be a suicide bomber about to detonate himself.

\--One teacher in my elementary school did recommend every boy in her class
for Ritalin.

\--A US government program to train Syrian fighters did end with most of them
deserting and/or defecting.

\--Al-Baghdadi allegedly did lead prayers at his local mosque and attend
Islamic University in Iraq.

