### WE’LL ALWAYS HAVE PARIS by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-11-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Wimpy, hypochondriac Woody Allen gets caught in the Paris attacks. A group of GIGN operators learn that hashtags, among other things, cannot defeat terrorism. 

* * *

**_We’ll Always Have Paris_**

A man who looks suspiciously like Woody Allen (let’s call him Woodyi) is
sitting in his $50,000-a-night Parisian fifteen-star hotel suite writing his
next movie about middle-aged WASPy losers who complain about their sex lives
on a cocktail napkin. Looking over his shoulder we see he is in the middle of
a sentence that begins with, “Now give me your most erotic…*ahem*…pose.” A
woman who bears a striking resemblance to Mia Farrow sits nearby on the giant,
opulent triple king sized bed, looking sad. Let’s call her Wifey.

Suddenly the quiet night is shattered by several explosions followed by a few
salvos of automatic gunfire, which echo throughout all of the streets of the
city of love, setting off car alarms and causing dogs to bark. Wifey
immediately springs from the bed and opens a gold-framed 11-foot glass window.
Woodyi looks up from his work mildly concerned.

“Uh, what was that, a firecracker?” Woodyi asks, vaguely bothered.

Wifey observes the scene outside for a few seconds as the explosions and
gunfire, mixed with shouts of “political slogans,” continues.

“Oh my gawd! Woodyi, half of Paris is burning!” Wifey shrieks back to him
after a moment.

“Let’s hope it’s the half that eats!” Woodyi remarks.

“There are MUZZILMEN out there!” Wifey yelps.

“What? Muzzilmen? What are all these Muzzilmen doing in Paris? I never saw any
of them in any of my wonderful movies,” Woodyi wonders aloud.

“Woodyi, they have feelings like in your pseudo-philosophical sappy dappy
movies too! They’re from _poor_ countries, that have _poor_ Ivy League
schools, _poor_ award-winning hospitals, _poor_ classical movie houses, _poor_
philosophy professors, _poor_ fashion magazines, and _poor_ five-star
restaurants,” Wifey reminds him.

She looks back outside in time to see a terrorist go rat-a-tat-tat, causing
all the French cops to scat.

“I’m sure they’re very reasonable and like Dostoyevsky as well, but whenever
there is an active shooter, uh, my strategy is one of active fleeing!” Woody
exclaims with a pointed finger.

“Maybe we deserve this, you know, as you bomb, so you shall be bombed,” Wifey
recites.

“Oh, great, who said that?” Woodyi asks, not buying her argument.

“Osama bin Laden,”Wifey says casually.

“Great, you’re quoting a Mohammedan to me? I don’t believe this,” Woodyi says,
seriously not believing this.

“They might be refugees!” Wifey whines.

“Refugees? We can say it, I don’t know what it means, but we can say it!”
Woodyi sarcastically muses, unfamiliar with the concept of anyone but Jewish
people being refugees.

Just then there is a polite knock at the door.

“Oh! Maybe that’s one of them now! Come in! We love you!” Wifey shouts across
the room.

A well-dressed hotel attendant looking like Lloyd from _The Shining_ enters
the room and walks up to the twosome.

“Just to let yous know, yous are safe, we’ve raised ze white flag, ze hotel
has surrendered,” the Frenchman announces before quickly and quietly leaving
the room as quickly and quietly as he entered it.

“Gee, great! Fifteen-star service folks! This hotel is definitely getting a
one star review from me,” Woodyi scoffs, angry that you can’t pay someone to
fight your battles for you, not even at a fifteen-star hotel.

“Oh stuff it Woodyi, if you were a _REAL_ man, you’d agree with me!” Wifey
asserts.

“But I’m not a real man; I’m a much_ SHORTER_ man!” Woodyi protests.

Wifey drags Woodyi out onto their room’s extravagant balcony, so they can
greet their new masters. From street level, three AK-carrying terrorists all
decked out in tactical gear stare up at them quizzically.

“I respect your concerns and am deeply concerned by your concerning concerns!”
Wifey yells down to them, whilst waving hello.

“No, it’s a greater honor for _me_,” Woodyi grunts as he bows submissively,
utterly humiliated.

**Part Two**

Four French guys sit around eating French fries; the wordplay is lost on them
though. They are actually members of France’s elite counterterrorism unit, the
National Gendarmerie Intervention Group (GIGN), who you may remember from
_Counterstrike_. They’re sitting in what looks like an underground concrete
bunker, all still wearing full tactical battle outfits and donning ski masks.
It appears to be their fortress of solitude. They all look identical to each
other except for little pieces of colored tape on their helmets.

Upon one of the walls, a row of blurry, indistinguishable wanted posters
present the mugs of the most wanted terrorists in the country/world. Why all
the photos are blurry and look like they were taken in the 1970s is unknown.

Among the terrorists pictured on the wall are Abdullah Oblongata, Baitullah
Mehsud, Mamullah Dadullah, Imma Salami Muhfugga, , Wally D. Fard/Wallace
Farad/Wally Ford Muhammad/ Wally Fard Ford, Inome whendathotlinebling, and of
course, Waldo/Wally of _Where’s Waldo?/Where’s Wally?_

Under Wally D. Fard’s photo his last known locations are listed as Gaddafi’s
Libya, Los Angeles, New York City, Detroit, Greenbow, Alabama, under Giants
stadium, Kandahar province, Afghanistan, the Moon, Chuck E. Cheese, Mecca, and
Antarctica.

Under Waldo/Wally’s picture, there are no details aside from the question,
“Did ya seeum?”

Hanging on another wall is a picture of the world famous French king and
warrior, Charles “Hammer Time” Martel. He looks very kingly, but is giving the
viewer a skeptical look.

Agent Blue (due to the blue tape on his helmet) is looking over a list of
options they have for tackling the terrorist threat in the wake of the Paris
attacks.

Some of the options are listed as follows:

  1. Surrender

  2. Try to buy them off with money and/or cheese

  3. Convert to Islam (their branch??) so they’ll like us

  4. Call Inspector Cleaseau

  5. Ask Germany for help

“Hmmmmmmmmmm,” Agent Blue ponders in a French accent as he looks over the
list. At last, decisively, he writes **NO** and circles it next to option
five.

Suddenly, a message sluggishly starts coming in on their hideout’s teletype
machine, inching out word-by-word. This is as far as their technology has
advanced, give ‘em a break.

Agent Blue puts his list down, stands up, walks to the machine, rips the
message-bearing paper out and looks over it silently.

“Le guys, we got a message from le HQ, zey have finally finalized ze list for
things zat do NOT stop le terrorist attacks,” Agent Blue begins, speaking to
the group as they all turn from their French fry eating and give him their
full attention.

Reading from the paper, Agent Blue starts to go down the list.

“Le hashtags such as #PrayforParis,” he states.

“Aw, come on! I thought ze hashtags worked! I mean zey brought back our girls
after all, right?” Agent Orange pipes up, shocked that hashtags don’t work for
anything (except making Twitter’s stock go up).

“Pray? Who prays? We’re all raised atheist!” Agent Red questions.

“Who indeed? Heh, heh,” Agent Purple chuckles, smiling to himself, because he
is secretly a devout Muslim.

Over Agent Blue’s shoulder, the portrait of Charles “Hammer Time” Martel has
changed inexplicably and now he has a squinty eyed, suspicious look on his
face.

“Le candles placed on ze ground in ze shape of a heart,” Agent Blue continues.

“But I like hearts! I have a heart!” Agent Red blurts out, placing his hand
over his heart.

“Le flowers left at ze scene of a previous terrorist attack,” Agent Blue
dutifully marches on.

“But I like ze flowers and it lets people know in a superficial way, zat you
care! I mean, zey all probably get thrown out ze next day by ze city’s
cleaning crew, so it’s further symbolic of how long ze actual care lasts,”
Agent Orange protests.

“Well, sorry,” Agent Blue offers.

“Mean words,” Agent Blue reports next after a moment’s pause.

“Mean words hurt my feelins and are _WORSE _zan actual attacks,” Agent Purple
states, covering his eyes with his hands, the others nod in agreement.

“Le internet comments,” Agent Blue lists next.

“I thought le internet comments were for _REALS_?!” Agent Red questions aloud.

“Well, no, sorry Red,” Agent Blue dryly tries to console him. Agent Red hangs
his head in sadness.

“Le moments of silence,” Agent Blue reads off.

“Guess that makes sense, otherwise le pee-poles in ze “developing countries”
would have to be silent most of zeir days,” Agent Orange concedes with a
shrug.

“Le changing your profile photo on social media to ze flag of ze country
attacked,” Agent Blue details.

“Changing your flag? Didn’t everyone already do zat for ze gay thing?” Agent
Purple asks of the group.

“Ah, oui oui but zis is different, zis flag is for hurt feelins,” Agent Blue
corrects him.

Agent Purple nods, making his tactical nightvision goggles bob back and forth.

“Ahem, anyway, holding hands,” Agent Blue announces.

“Well, I hope uhaul still hold my hand,” Agent Red sighs.

Each GIGN operative walks over and pats Agent Red on the shoulder in
consolation as if saying, “don’t worry, we will.”

“Closing the barn door after ze horses have left and after ze wolves have come
in,” Agent Blue narrates.

The GIGN team looks around silently at each other, trading accusatory glances.
They all left the fridge door open at one point or another, so this analogy
from HQ really hits home.

“At last, but not ze least, at a final note, le Paris 2015 and le London 1940
is _NOT_ an apt comparison…………………as le Paris 1940 surrendered!” Agent Blue
concludes.

At the word surrender all but Agent Purple feel a tingle of almost sexual
intensity run through their bodies.

“Oh and in the future, no letting ze dogs lead the investigation,” Agent Blue
abruptly adds as an afterthought.

The team scratches their helmeted heads over that one; they believed their
police dogs worked like Lupus in _Jet Force Gemini_.

Just as Agent Blue sets down the paper, having finally read it’s contents to
the group, another message aches out of the teletype as it nosily clicks and
clacks away.

Agent Blue tears the message off and reads it quickly as the team eagerly
waits to hear what it says.

“Ah, bad news genteelmeen, we have just received ze order to surrender!” Agent
Blue declares.

The team sits stunned for a few seconds. Agent Purple tries to suppress his
laughter.

“Yes! Now I get to put zat rigorous 12-week surrender training course to ze
test!” Agent Red celebrates after jumping from his seat and striking a disco
pose.

All of the GIGN operatives save for Agent Purple toss down their weapons, even
bothering to get those weapons they had stored away out just to toss them down
as well. Dejected, they trudge toward their front door, passing Charles
“Hammer Time” Martel’s portrait in which he is now doing a facepalm.

“Say Agent Purple, why aren’t you putting down your weapon? You could get hurt
you know,” Agent Blue asks him, but Agent Purple, smiling underneath his ski
mask, simply ignores him.

Agent Purple subsequently struts past them all, confidently opens the
hideout’s main door, smiles to the AK-wielding men waiting outside, and simply
says, “Aminah.”

The AK-wielding men, who all look like Michel from _Gilmore Girls _suddenly
return Agent Purple’s smile and pat him on the back, accepting him into their
purple-shirted ranks.

Agents Blue, Red, and Orange exit and stand in a row in front of their new
captors/masters. In the short ceremony that follows, they convert to Islam
(their branch), and soon they too are happily accepted into the ranks of the
AK-wielding men. They are quickly given purple button down dress shirts to
wear as well.

Behind the gathering crowd, Woodyi sits alone in a bamboo cage atop a camel-
drawn cart. While not native to the region, this camel was acquired from the
national zoo. Wifey is noticeably and mysteriously absent from the scene.

After observing the ceremony, Woodyi stands up and begins a lengthy closing
monologue with the camera zoomed in 100% on his face.

“Well, in conclusion, during an active shooting, maybe even during an inactive
shooting, I think I’d rather _run_ through that valley of the shadow of death
so I’d get out of it quicker and……..”

Goofy, old Woodyi is cut off by an ISSILE MY DISSILE member bopping him hard
on the head with the barrel of a Kalashnikov.

Terribly hurt by the strike, Woodyi cuts his monologue short.

“Gee, what is it? Smack Woodyi day? Well, that’s all for me folks, goodnight!”
Woodyi mutters as he caresses his reddening head.

**Trivia:** References include _Love and Death_, the 2015 Paris attacks and their aftermath, #bringbackourgirls, _Gilmore Girls_, _Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles_, _Catch 22_ (the movie), Charles Martel, _Where’s Waldo/Wally?,_ Wallace D. Fard, Dostoyevsky, _Counterstrike_, “Hotline Bling” by Drake, MC Hammer, _Spongebob Squarepants_, Osama bin Laden, _Love and Betrayal: The Mia Farrow Story_, _Kung Fu_, _Tornado Down_, the siege of the Grand Mosque, the _Pink Panther_ series, _Forrest Gump_, _Smells like Prison Riot_ (also on this site by XavierJets), _The Shining_, _Freshman Daughter Drop off Day _(also on this site under XavierJets), “Children’s Story” by Slick Rick, Chuck E. Cheese, Jimmy Hoffa, _Zero Hour: Massacre at Columbine High_, _Living with Michael Jackson_, _The Simpsons_, _The Thin Red Line_, _Jet Force Gemini_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it, _and pathetically bad terrorist mugshots.

\--Iraqi soldiers bopped British POWs on the head with the barrels of their
Kalashnikovs to get them to behave during the 1st Gulf War.

\--The three GIGN operatives converting to Islam is a homage to the three GIGN
agents who converted to Islam so they could enter Mecca and help end the siege
of the Grand Mosque in 1979.

\--While fifteen-star hotels do not exist (yet), seven-star hotels do.

\--The bad guys wearing purple shirts is a reference to the original Nintendo
system game, _Kung Fu_, where the rank and file bad dudes wore purple vests.

\--Woody Allen did write movie ideas on cocktail napkins.

\--News networks did say the Paris terrorists shouted “political slogans.”

\--Some of the terrorists on the wanted posters are reeeeeeeel.

\--The GIGN hideout having a teletype machine isn’t too much a stretch, in
2015 a French airport still ran all it’s computers on Windows 3.

\--A French police dog was leading their investigation into a terrorist
hideout.

\--Mohammad Omar, a Taliban leader, had a grainy, borderline silly mugshot.

\--Aminah is the name of the prophet’s mother.

