### APOCALYPSE CLANCY: REDUX by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-12-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A Gulf War veteran turned alcoholic hobo is reformed by a 12-year-old runaway girl’s devout Christianity. However, like the plot of any religious themed TV-movie, you just know it can’t end well. 

* * *

**_Apocalypse Clancy: Redux_**

As former Army Special Operations soldier and current middle-aged hobo
Nicholas Best saunters down the sterile, linoleum tiled halls of the hospital,
bound for the room of a 12-year-old girl suffering from a gut-shot via a .223
caliber bullet, he reflects on how he got to this point in his life.

He doesn’t really remember anything from the first 35 years of his life, no
family, no friends, no school, no job, this is probably on account of all the
paint thinner he’s been huffing as Louisville, Kentucky’s premier
bum/tramp/hobo.

After that, his memory starts coming back to him and at first, things were
going pretty well. He joined the Army at his advanced age and was the oldest
man to take the Special Operations “A” course that year. He even became an
officer, befriended two fellow soldiers, John Allen Mohammad and Timothy
McVeigh, and achieved every operator’s dream of being deployed to an active
combat zone during the 1st Gulf War.

Then, of course, things took a turn for the worse.

First, he got shot by the only Iraqi sniper in their entire 2-million man
army. What luck! Fortunately, it was only a wound to the leg and he decided to
just “walk it off.” Still got a Purple Heart for it though.

Then he meandered off by himself while on a mission with his platoon,
subsequently encountered an enemy soldier and was forced to shoot him. Doesn’t
sound too bad, but to his utter surprise and agony, upon inspecting the body,
he discovered the soldier is actually the SOLE female trooper in the entire
Iraqi Army (what are the odds?), and not only that, but she carried her baby
into battle on her back, you know instead of food or water or any military
supplies. Well, anyway, turns out Nick’s shot mortally wounded them both.
Shattered, Nick abandoned his unit and wandered off into the unforgiving
deserts of Kuwait.

As a bit of an upper he did manage to survive in the desert until he was
apprehended without any food, water or survival gear. Guess that dirt-eating
course he took at Fort Bragg _reallyyyy_ paid off. Hey, he even found a spring
in the middle of the desert! Yep, that happened! Alright, way to go!

Eventually the military police caught up with him and downtrodden Nick was
ruled to be absent without leave for more than thirty days in a four day war.
He was even given the unnecessarily harsh sentence of six years in prism by
his Uncle Sam. Welp, thanks a lot, Sam.

After his stint in prism, things rapidly got worse. He grew a 70s porn star
mustache, couldn’t find a job, started drinking heavily, his Gulf War buds Tim
and John both committed terrorist acts and were executed for their endeavors,
and he generally became a platinum level hobo. His only friend was a friendly
local neighborhood cop named Avery, who bore a spiritual and physical
resemblance to the dad from _Family Matters_.

He was “in a bad place” working at a car wash, drinking himself to death every
day, and living in a ramshackle shed in an alley, till one day, _she_ came
along. His savoir, his angel, she who restored his faith in GAWD and in life!

She was none other than a plucky 12-year-old runaway named Clancy. She had the
same rotten luck as him in life it seemed, being born to a drug addict mother
who abused her, made her do all the household chores, and serve as the object
of blame for all the things she had missed in life. You know, stuff like nice
CLOTHES, going out to DINNER, going on dates with guys who have TATTOOS! She’s
the villain folks, hate her!

Through all this little Clancy retained a steadfast and overwhelming belief in
GAWD. So to help her mom out, she ran away from home till her mother could
_turn her life aroundddddd_.

Yeah, like that will happen! Anyway, that’s when little runaway Clancy met
hobo Nick and the rest is history. They hit it off and got along right away,
Nick sheltering her from the streets, teaching her karate moves, all while
Clancy taught him about GAWD and her branch of Christianity. Yep, it happened
like that, and as an alcoholic, paint thinner huffing, PTSD stricken hobo,
Nick certainly did not abuse her in anyway. Yep, take that to the bank folks.

Unfortunately, GAWD had a different plan. See some evil mayor up for re-
election decided to use Clancy and Nick as his opportunity to drum up votes
for his flagging campaign. So he played up the situation in the media as poor
Clancy being kidnapped and held hostage by EVIL Christian terrorist/wacked out
Gulf War veteran Nick. The media and the masses being the gullible goons they
are immediately bought it at the first mention of the word, “child/kid.” All
this despite the mayor secretly paying oblivious Nick to look after Clancy
until the night before the election. What a plan! He even got his staff and
police commissioner to agree to it as well. Fool me once, shame on you, fool
me twice, shame on me, fool my whole staff, the public, a veteran hobo, and
the media into a ridiculous scheme, and you just might be in a Christian
movie!

Through a completely wacky and exceedingly implausible chain of events, the
police wind up in a standoff with Nick and Clancy at his back-up hobo shack in
the woods. Given instructions to open fire at the slightest provocation in
order make the event highly dramatic for the news cameras, the police surround
Nick and point all the armament in their department at him (thank you Pentagon
for those surplus AR-15s!). Good Samaritan Avery tried to warn Nick of the
impending bullet bath he’s about to take, but nonetheless, the highly trained,
super skilled police who are _definitely _the only people qualified enough to
have guns, open fire full force on Nick and their fellow officer when Nick
terminally provokes them by raising his voice. Tough titty.

Because of Nick’s luck the only person hit in the ensuing fusillade is none
other than his savior, young devout Clancy. Well, at least the mayor’s plan
failed.

“You goin’ dowwwwwwwwnnnnnn to Chi-na towwwwwnnnn!” Avery assured the mayor in
front of the news cameras as Nick was led away in cuffs.

And that’s how it really happened.

Nick and Avery had just visited Clancy in the hospital yesterday and she
seemed perfectly alright. She and Nick talked for hours. Looks like things
turned out alright after all. Nick has finally gotten his big break!

So today as Nick, looking like a golden haired, European Jesus, strolls down
the corridor to see Clancy, reflecting on his life, a grim smile cracks across
his face because he _knows_, with his newfound faith in GAWD that all his
trials and tribulations were for a good, grand reason after all.

He reaches Clancy’s room and stares in. The bed is empty. He questions a
passing nurse.

“Where’s Clancy Miller? She was just here yesterday,” Nick asks impatiently.

The young nurse looks at her clipboard. The news isn’t good, she hesitates a
moment.

“Uh, I’m not supposed to tell you. Are you an immediate family member?” she
murmurs.

“Yeah, yeah, out with it lady, Clancy Miller, this room,” Nick grunts in
frustration.

The nurse pauses a beat before delivering the news.

“I’m sorry, Clancy Miller was aborted this morning,” she gently says to Nick.

Aghast by the worst shock of his life, Nick nearly knocks the nurse over as he
collapses against a wall.

“Are you alright, sir?” the nurse asks.

It was all a dream! A mad dream! Clancy was aborted by her crackhead mother!
She never existed! It was all in his head.

Nick staggers down the hall, struggling to remain standing.

Out of the corner of his eye he catches a glimpse of a sign on the wall, it
reads, “Angel Maker Abortion Clinic, Louisville, Kentucky.”

“Clancy! Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!” Nick howls as he drops to his knees
and raises his hands to GAWD.

Just then it clicks in him that there is no GAWD….or at least, not a nice one,
but one that would allow a young devout follower of his/her/it to be snuffed
out so cruelly. His faith vanishes like a fart in the wind.

A security guard approaches Nick, businesslike, angry over his hysterics;
nobody here usually goes into hysterics…nobody!

“Sir, I’m gonna have to ask you to leave,” the guard threatens.

Nick is now not only devastated, but angry! He snaps like a Slim Jim, and in
one smooth motion he rises from the floor pulls the guard’s gun from his
holster, clicks the safety off, and shoots him through the heart before the
guard can even lament that he’ll never get to see his favorite football team
make the playoffs.

Nick whips around and fires down the hall, emptying the Glock’s magazine on a
line of customers waiting to get their “angel made.”

The insensitive nurse is hit and flops to the floor, dropping her clipboard.

“Ahhhh! Clancy! Nooooo!” Nick shouts as he fires.

A young woman waiting to get her “angel made” as the result of her getting
knocked up in a portapotty by a guy she knew for a half hour and had spiky
hair, is also hit, and falls off her chair.

A doctor steps into the hallway, already covered in blood from his day’s work,
to call upon the next customer. His work doesn’t bother him, but he was really
upset by that whole Sandy Hook deal. Poor little guys never had a chance.

“Clan-seeee!” Nick howls again.

He drops the doctor dead with a single shot to the head. Out of bullets, Nick
stands surveying the carnage. A random hallway door opens and a tide wave of
blood pours out of it, saturating the hallway. The bodies of the deceased
float in the miniature sea of blood. It’s up to Nick’s shins, and he’s a tall
guy. The survivors of the waiting line huddle together, but make no effort to
run hide or even alert anyone to their situation.

Nick leans against a wall in a daze as the minutes pass. Eventually the police
show up, alerted not by any 911 call, but by the keyboard warriors online who
upon seeing the tweets and statuses of those “being held hostage” at the Angel
Maker clinic, alerted the authorities (who they hate, coincidentally). The
“hostages” in the meantime, make no attempt to flee despite Nick being out of
ammo and in a complete mental fog. Shit, their tweets are getting re-tweeted
constantly, their statuses have 100+ likes apiece, they’re in the spotlight
and don’t want out!

“He’s killing us till we are dead! And he’s a definitely a Christian!
#Parisattacks,” one of the “hostages” tweets.

“Anti-abortion violence kills more than Islamic terrorism by a factor of sixty
trillion! #ISISaintgotshitonChristians” another writes.

“57 million more! 57 million more! #Wewantmoabortions” chants the status of
another.

“NICK BEST!” a stern voice, megaphone amplified blares from outside the
clinic.

It is all too familiar to Nick. It breaks him out of his zone, now he’s
focused again. His automatic Special Forces training comes back online.

“BUT I DIDN’T DO ANYTHING!” Nick shouts out an open window.

“NICK BEST! THIS IS NOT A RAID. WE ARE COMING IN TO APPREHEND YOU, LOWER YOUR
WEAPON AND PUT YOUR HANDS ON YOUR HEAD!” the megaphoned voice commands.

“BUT I DIDN’T DO ANYTHING!” Nick repeats.

A minute later the door to the hallway bursts open and a team of unarmed
police wade in through the knee deep pool of blood. Leading the way is a cop
in a wheelchair with a midget cop on his shoulders, followed by a Buddhist
monk cop wearing a badge on his toga, then followed by an elderly cop in an
electric wheelchair who is a holding an armless, legless cop on his lap. See
folks, much like Norway’s police force, these police are mostly just for show,
just so society can say, hey we have police, and are actually of no practical
use at all.

Nick, having reloaded with a spare magazine from the downed guard, opens up on
the incompetent, unarmed, but diversified police. The elderly cop has a heart
attack out of fright and dies; his armless, legless partner hops down into the
knee deep blood (which might as well be an ocean for him) and swims away. The
Buddhist cop escapes by disguising himself as a statue of Buddha. The dwarf
cop is hit and instantly turns into ten gold coins. Wheelchair cop hits a
button on his chair turning it into a speedboat and makes his getaway out the
door. The “hostages” are doused by the wheelchair/speedboat’s wake, causing
all their phones to short circuit.

With their phones dead, the “hostages,” seeking further attention, now
dramatically leave the building under police spotlights, hamming it up for the
news cameras. Shouting such things as:

“He didn’t say a word as he fired, but was definitely a Christian!”

“My baby!”

“Fifty-seven million more!”

“I was here out of LOVE!”

And last but not least,

“CHILDRENNNNNNNNN!”

Inside with all the cops scattered, Nick again leans out the window to inform
the cops again that he didn’t do anything, but before he can get a word out, a
stray tear gas canister flies from nowhere and bonks him right on the noggin.

A few seconds after being hit, Nick’s delayed reaction kicks in.

“Ohhh!” he grunts, as his eyes roll back in his head.

The world appears to have a dreamlike quality for a few seconds as he shakes
his head and clears his eyes.

Finally, oriented and ready for battle, he raises the Glock to fire out the
window only to realize it’s turned into a spray bottle of Windex. The window
he was looking out of is now the windshield of a moderately priced sedan. Da
fuq….?

“YO NICK!” a voice shouts from behind him.

Nick turns around, completely bewildered, to see his pal Avery standing there,
holding a rag and a bottle of Windex.

“Man, you been sitting in that car five minutes, what did the Windex fumes get
to you again?” Avery asks suspiciously.

In a state of utter disbelief Nick slowly exits the car, the fresh air washes
over him and the “memory” of all that had previously happened fades in the
mid-day sun.

“Hey Avery, you’re a bum like me!” Nick yells at him, motioning with the
Windex bottle.

“Yeah, but not as big as one as you!” Avery remarks as he shrugs his
shoulders.

Nick looks around, still coming out of his stupor. He sees a young Girl Scout
sitting across the street alone on a bus stop bench. She’s reading _The Hunt
for Red October_ by Tom Clancy.

“Ahhh! Clancyyyyyy! Nooooo!” Nick hollers as he grabs his head, dropping his
Windex bottle, triggered by the girl and the author’s name, crying over the
false memory within a false memory.

And then, from a nearby rooftop a homeless Vietham veteran, unaffiliated with
Nick, Avery, and the car wash, begins to play “Emmanuel (You Are With Me)” on
a beat up, old acoustic guitar covered in Grateful Dead stickers.

And GAWD could have prevented all this…..but he didn’t.

**Trivia:** References include _The Shining_, _Clancy_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and had to do it_, the 2015 Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood shooting and its aftermath, _The Perfect Gift_, _The Hunt for Red October_, _Family Matters_, Pastor Manning, _Wondershowzen_, Bill Riccio, Slim Jims, the Garden State Plaza suicide, the Grateful Dead, Windex, _Freaks_, _Newhart_, Charlie Manson’s radio interviews, the Marc Lepine blog, Amazon reviews, _The Time Machine: an invention_, _Girl Meets World: Girl Meets Frein_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _The Short Timers_, the Waco siege, _Apocalypse Now_ _Redux_, and _Post __Führer__ Tragedy_ (also on this site under XavierJets).

\--Abortionists were called “Angel Makers” back in the olden days.

\--The “hostages” tweeting instead of leaving of the scene is a reference to
the Garden State Plaza mall suicide in which “hostages” tweeted and Facebooked
furiously while “trapped” in the mall despite the gunman being dead and people
telling them the gunman was dead (over the phone and on social media).

\--The Pentagon did give police departments surplus rifles and equipment.

\--57 million is the minimum estimated number of abortions in the United
States since 1973.

\--“This is not a raid,” was shouted by authorities over a megaphone as tanks
smashed into the Mt. Carmel compound during the Waco siege.

