### WHERE’D YA GO, AURORA SNOW? by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-12-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A killer blatantly goes about his day decked out in battle armor. A totally innocent and completely uninvolved man is misreported by a major news network to be a mass murder suspect. 

* * *

**_Where’d ya go, Aurora Snow?_**

**July 19th 2012**

As dawn breaks over Aurora, Colorado beginning yet another temperate summer
day, a young man with comically bright orange hair eagerly scurries back and
forth across his cramped apartment. The apartment is littered with homemade
grenades, rifle magazines, pistol magazines, shotgun shells, the various
pieces of a full body ballistic suit, and, of course, an assortment of
firearms. His green eyes are wide with delight, making his thousand-yard-stare
extra sinister as he goes about his preparations.

And yet, all is calm, the air is absent of any tension as the city slowly
comes to life around him. Edvard Grieg’s “Morning Mood” seems to be playing in
the mental jukebox of every resident of this quiet little town……..that just
happens to be the home of a psychological warfare operations military base.

Our young protagonist’s living room window is wide open, revealing the nature
of his work to all of his neighbors in the adjacent apartment block as well as
to any keen observer both near and far. But no one neither notices nor cares.
Hell, some neighbors in the parallel apartment block waved to the orange
haired young man as he stood his living room, dressed in a full body suit of
tactical gear whilst loading a shotgun, one shell at a time. He politely
stopped loading for a second to wave back.

“Doesn’t something seem odd to you?” the neighbor’s busybody wife asked him
after the exchange.

“Nah, probably just Boy Scouts rehearsing,” the jovial neighbor nonsensically
responded.

Other neighbors and a scattering of passersby also witness the highly
suspicious scene inside the apartment, but shrug it off and instead wonder how
“their” team will do in the upcoming football season.

Now fully suited up in knee pads, shin guards, body armor, a helmet, a gas
mask, gauntlets, gloves and carrying two pistols on his waist like a Wild West
gunfighter, in addition to lugging a shotgun across his back, having tear gas
grenades velcroed to his thighs, and holding an AR-15 rifle like a bag of
groceries, the young man casually leaves his apartment, stepping out into the
real world.

Waddling with every step, he takes the community elevator down to the first
floor. Some of his neighbors ride down to the ground floor with him, but don’t
question his appearance, feeling it may be offensive to ask in case he is into
bondage or something.

He nonchalantly exits the building and walks to his modest car in the parking
lot, still holding the rifle like a bag of groceries and not at “port arms,”
like most would. People pass him on the street, some even greet him. He greets
them back though his replies are muffled by the stifling gas mask upon his
face.

One chatty young woman who passes him is talking on her phone whilst wearing a
tracksuit. See? This counts as exercise now. She’s prattling on and on about
how due to the police’s treatment of Afro-Americans….

(Insert a five second still of John Boyega as his exhausted and sweaty
Stormtrooper Finn here, “YO FEEEEIIIINNN” someone shouts from somewhere.)

….she will _never _call the police for _any_ reason, as she believes they’re
the _real _criminals. With no transition, she then mentions she has convinced
her date to buy them tickets to _The Dark Knight Rises_ which opens tonight.
She thinks Batman is for nerrrrdddds, but at least she can “check in” at the
movie theater and can truthfully tell others that she “went out.”

After passing her, our Darth Vader look alike enters his car, strapping his
rifle into the passenger seat like it’s a person and drives off. Somehow the
“Theme from _A Summer Place_” is on the radio, he turns it up, feeling it is
appropriate.

As he cruises around Aurora, he drives safely and obeys all traffic laws
despite his clumsily cumbersome outfit. At a red light, a whole family in a
station wagon pulls up beside him and stares at the spectacle that is his
bizarre get-up. However, they neither comment nor judge and offer only polite
smiles. The family dog, a yellow Labrador named “Benedict” barks at the rifle,
sensing it’s awful purpose, but his masters quickly scold him.

At the next light a police car pulls alongside our ballistic suited young man.
For a tense moment, the officer carefully studies him. Nevertheless, upon
determining that the gas mask is not one of those gas mask bongs, he shrugs
and goes back to not caring. The young man breathes a sigh of relief beneath
his gas mask as the squad car drives off.

A few minutes later, the armed and armored young man pulls into an ice cream
parlor and orders two cones, one for him, one for his rifle.

A customer behind him complains that she can’t see the menu over the shotgun
strapped across his back, but makes no other fuss.

After getting the cones, the weighed down young man slowly stomps over to a
wooden bench. He plops down on it nosily, exhausted from heaving all these
guns around.

Soon enough he catches his breath and begins eating the ice cream cone through
his gas mask. He props his rifle’s ice cream cone up in it’s trigger guard.
His mood begins to improve and he drapes an arm around the rifle like he’s on
a date with it. No one at the parlor pays any mind to this, it’s probably just
an alternative lifestyle of some sort. It’d be rude to ask, at any rate.

Abruptly, the young man laughs out loud at nothing. Perhaps the rifle told a
joke. Happily he takes the ice cream cone from the rifle’s trigger guard and
jams it into the rifle’s bolt, giggling madly as he does so. The jet black
rifle glistens in the mid-day sun.

**July 20th 2012**

On the opposite side of the country, somewhere along the eastern seaboard, a
local bank in a bland suburb faces a typically busy Friday morning.

However, despite the long line of customers queening up at the counter, only
one worker seems to be actually working.

One of the lackadaisical employees, who looks like Jonah Hill in_ The_ _Wolf
of Wall Street_, is studying a _Where’s Wally D. Farad?_ book, currently
trying to find the supposed prophet in the ancient lost city of Atlantis. This
is a difficult task; the man had almost as many alleged sightings as he had
aliases.

Directly next to him an infinitely chill Hispanic dude named Ulysses is
watching the Miss Howard Stern contest on his work station’s computer.
Presently, adult film actress Aurora Snow is making her famous “duck sound” to
the judge’s delight.

Down a few feet from Ulysses is a doughy middle-aged woman named Adele. By
some stroke of her perpetually tragic luck, she knew all twelve people killed
in the previous day’s mass shooting and now has to go to twelve separate
funerals. That’s the_ real _tragedy to her.

Adele is ranting to Ke Ke, a friendly Jamaican/Gungan woman. Ke Ke, in turn,
relates her own tale of survival during a “shooting incident” when she
mistakenly stumbled into the crossfire between the Jamaican “police” and Mr.
Coke’s shower posse.

“Well mesa day startin pretty okee-day with a brisky morning munchy, then
BOOM! Mesa gettin berry scared and grabbin that Rastafarian man and den POW!
Mesa survive! Mesa gettin' berry berry scared by dis Awroara!” Ke Ke relates
in a hurried fashion.

Last, at the end of the counter, is Shaniqua, a young black woman with
vivacious hair. She’s not talking to anyone, but is instead watching the new
“My Homies Steeeeellll” music video by Lil Wayne and Big Sean which is playing
on the bank’s lobby TV for some unknown reason. It came out just two days ago.

Neither Shaniqua nor anyone else present is alarmed by the fact that the video
features twelve skeletons in a movie theater, a girl in a Batman mask or a
sundry of other references to Satanism/secret societies.

Yep, Lil Wayne dancing in a movie theater with twelve skeletons whilst holding
his hands over his ears like there is a loud noise of some kind raises no
flags with any of the bank’s employees or customers.

At the very front of the counter, the sole employee actually working is none
other than a Don Vito look alike whose name is some unpronounceable Greek
monstrosity.

Flustered as usual, he’s slowly counting the change a kid gave him on an
abacus. He’s the only employee to not have a computer or a phone for some
undefined reason.

“Stupid kid….let’s see one, two, three, four, five……navuh
fussavenint…..ABACUS!” he shouts in frustration throwing his flabby arms into
the air.

Behind the kid stands one of the bank’s most regular and most liked customers,
Pastor James “Bubba” Holmes. Pastor Holmes is a bald six foot tall, two
hundred fiddy pound black man who is quick to smile and joke, but talks like
he has a mouthful of marbles, often prompting confusion in those he addresses.
He’s married to one of the bank’s employees and has two kids who are named
after Will Smith’s kids. He’s thinking of running for town councilman in the
upcoming election cycle. If he won, he’d be the town’s first motorcycle
riding, black, interracially married, Will Smith lovin’ pastor ever elected in
the town’s history.

He’s such a generous person that one time he offered the shirt off his back to
a homeless man, only for his wife to scold him into backing off as driving
home shirtless might have made the police think he was naked.

Just as Pastor Holmes is about to step up to the counter, a breaking news
alert shatters the otherwise only slightly chaotic atmosphere of the bank. The
Lil Wayne video clicks off, replaced by a talking suit and his accompanying
bright red words of urgency.

Even Ulysses’s laptop inexplicably changes from the Miss Howard Stern contest
to this news channel, the development is just that breaking and just that
important.

“Hey! Aurora Snow, where’d ya go?” Ulysses asks his laptop.

“Ulysessssssssss, what were you just watching? Were there young girls in
that?” Adele questions him, decidedly suspicious.

Ulysses stalls and is fortunately saved by the newscaster.

“Ladies and gentleman, we’ve just received the name of and the first photo of
the suspect in the mass murder at the Century 16 movie theater in Aurora,
Colorado last night,” the talking suit announces to the audience.

By now the whole bank has turned to the screen and everyone has stopped what
they were doing. And around the country, and even the world, the scene is the
same, planes stop mid-flight, busses stop mid-transit, submarines stop mid-
swim, everyone’s attention is rapt, eager for a glimpse at the killer.

Headlines continue to scroll across the bottom of the screen as the anchor
talks, some of which are:

“Assad’s regime to collapse any day now, WH says.”

“Iraq a much better place without Saddam, confirms govt study.”

“20 people shot dead in one week in Chicago, no one cares.”

“Libya still doesn’t have a functioning government.”

“Egypt still doesn’t have a functioning government.”

“_The Dark Knight Rises_ not as good as _The Dark Knight_.”

“Free candy and soda if I win, pledges presidential candidate.”

“We noticed nothing suspicious at all…..really, neighbors say.”

“The following image may disturb some viewers, please exercise discretion with
what we are about to show you,” the newscaster continues, you can almost hear
a drumroll in the background.

“Here he is ladies and gentleman! Your maniac! Your lunatic! Your nutter
butter! Your hero! Uh, I mean your murderer! Here he is! JAMES HOLMES!” the
newscaster builds to a crescendo, shouting the name.

A faceshot of a smiling Pastor James “Bubba” Holmes appears on the screen,
taking up the entire length and width of the television.

“YO JAME HOLME!” a stagehand shouts in the background as the image goes up.

Instantly around the entire circumference of the globe, the image is broadcast
to every screen and _everyone_ sees Pastor Holmes’s grinning mug. Sports
stadiums show the image on their scoreboards, Tibetan monks see the picture on
a rock mounted TV within their Himalayan fortress, 500,000 people crowd around
the one working television in Swaziland (luckily it’s a widescreen), Ulysses’s
laptop shows the face too, a local sports bar with fifty televisions has all
fifty of them displaying Pastor Holmes’s face, and somewhere in a London
improv class, the actor who will play “Al-Baghdadi” gasps in shock at the face
staring back at him as he watches the news on his phone.

The entire bank turns and stares at Pastor Holmes, who up until that point in
his life never shared his namesake with anyone. Now he shares it with the
world’s most well-known mass murderer!

Pastor Holmes and the crowd lock eyes for a long moment. The children cower,
the elderly scowl, Adele wags her finger, and the Don Vito clone nervously
shakes his turkey neck.

“Man someone call the Octagon, we should have a holy war like…..like what the
Mohammedans call it!” Shaniqua screeches, breaking the silence.

“You mean the_ Pentagon_ and it’s called a_ jihad_,” a voice calls out from an
unknown source behind the counter somewhere.

“Yeah that’s it, only a Chris-chum version of it!” Shaniqua corrects him.

Pastor Holmes begins to sweat heavily, his bald head glimmering under the
lights of the bank’s lobby as everyone present stares him down with looks of
hostility, fear, and utter confusion.

Suddenly, a bell rings, signaling another breaking news development from the
news channel. The standoff is broken as everyone’s attention returns to the
screen.

“Ladies and gentleman, in my twenty-two years at this organization this news
network has committed some pretty grievous errors, we’ve supported wars when
given no real evidence for a war, we’ve left questionable government
narratives completely unquestioned, we never got that shot of Michael Jackson
sans nose, but this………..this takes the cake! Viewers at home and around the
world, please disregard the previous image of the Aurora mass shooting suspect
shown just a moment ago. This is NOT the James Holmes you are looking for. The
man in the image a minute ago is NOT the suspect, but actually Pastor James
“Bubba” Holmes of New Jersey. He is completely innocent and totally unrelated
to the massacre last night, he just happens to share the same name as the
suspect. In a desperate attempt to stave off the inevitable lawsuit that will
result from his horrible mix-up we’ve decided to give Pastor Holmes’s book,
titled _Yo I Wheeeel_ some air time. Again, ladies and gentlemen, our deepest
apologies for the mix-up and to Pastor Holmes,” the newscaster sullenly and
quietly reports, his face red with shame.

Quickly the screen flashes to show Pastor Holmes’s book, _Yo I Wheeeel_, which
features him sitting on a park bench simply beaming on the front cover.

A quick digital flip of the page and the subsequent table of contents reveals
the chapter titles to be:

“Super Bowls (Yes, there is more than one)”

“Vacation? Leave the kids home”

“Yo I WHEEEEELL: The art of keeping promises”

“Choosing the right celebrity to name your kids after”

“Motorcycle vs. Pick-up truck: the debate continues”

“Conclusion: Yo I’m outta gas on my first day”

Back at the bank, the crowd turns from the TV, slightly disappointed with the
new revelation, and consequently goes back to their daily business.

Ke Ke ushers in the new era of sanity by quipping, “How wude!”

Immediately the normal chaos of the bank ensues as Pastor Holmes breathes a
sigh of relief. Adele goes back to her whining about having to attend twelve
funerals, the Lil Wayne video ticks back on, Ulysses’s screen fills again with
the curves of Aurora Snow, Jonah Hill’s brother continues searching for Wally
D. Farad, and Don Vito’s doppelganger starts to count the kid’s change again
starting over from one.

Excessively relieved to have his name cleared Pastor Holmes decides put off
what he came to the bank for and just leave instead, opting to go to his
favorite fast food restaurant, Nixon’s Fried Nuggets. As he turns to leave, a
voice from an unseen (but apparently psychic) employee yells to him from the
very back of the bank.

“Yo let me know how that Nixon’s is,” the voice hollers to Pastor Holmes.

“YO I WHEEEEL!” Pastor Holmes assures the voice with a hearty shout as he
pushes the bank’s glass front doors open.

**Trivia:** References include the 2012 Aurora shooting, Aurora Snow, _Dr. Adele or How I learned to stop worrying and love the Tsar Bomba_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Barhead Episode: Assault Socks _(also on this site under XavierJets), Edvard Greig’s Morning Mood, “My Homies Still” by Lil Wayne and Big Sean, the Theme from _A Summer Place_, _Commando_, _From Xiro to Hero!_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Star Wars: Episode I: The Phantom Menace_, _The Wolf of Wall Street_, _Star Wars: Episode VII: The Force Awakens_, _The Dark Knight Rises_, _The Dark Knight_, the Syrian Civil War, ISSILE MY DISSILE, _The Red Green Show_, _Doug_, _Legend of Zelda: Majora’s Mask_, the Griswolds, police brutality, Wally D. Farad, _Where’s Wally?,_ _The Howard Stern Show_, _We’ll always have Paris _(also on this site under XavierJets), Nutter butters, _Star Wars_, the 2010 Kingston unrest, and _Iron Man 3_.

\--20 people were shot dead in the first week of July 2012 in Chicago and no
one cared.

\--Assad’s regime was reported to be “on the verge of collapse” in 2012.

\--Libya and Egypt still don’t have functioning governments.

\--Lil Wayne’s music video was released two days before the Aurora shooting
and did feature twelve skeletons in a movie theater, a girl in a Batman mask,
and numerous references to Satanism/secret societies.

\--Michael Jackson supposedly did lose his nose on stage once.

\--“Boy Scouts rehearsing” was an actual excuse offered by a crime scene
witness upon spotting something abnormal.

\--Aurora, Colorado is home to a psychological warfare operations military
base.

\--Orange haired James Holmes’s apartment window was wide open and the
apartment was littered with suspicious paraphernalia when the police first
entered it.

