### FAROOK YOU! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-12-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Incompetent and clueless people have their parade rained on when they are confronted with a terrorist attack. This kinda thing neverrrrr happens guysss! 

* * *

**_Farook You!_**

Upon one of the countless massive concrete highway overpasses distinctive to
the California freeway system sits a bullet-pocked black SUV. From within the
vehicle two nigh imperceptible points of yellow light flicker on and off every
second or so, sending an angry swarm of death needles down the freeway about a
hundred yards to a gaggle of hastily parked police cars and the officers
sheltering behind them. The officers, decked out like they’re doing their best
impression of the movie _Equilibrium_,return fire with the very same kind of
rifle their two attackers are using to snipe at them.

But we’re getting ahead of ourselves here.

See the black SUV and the two mysterious attackers are actually a young jihadi
mama and an even younger jihadi papa. They just massacred jihadi papa’s
clueless co-workers at his company’s “winter gala.” Thankfully it was a winter
gala and not a Christmas party (gasp!) so no one’s feelings were hurt as they
were being shot to pieces by 5.56mm projectiles. Yep, the poor sods even threw
a baby shower for the jihadi mama some months back and are now being thanked
for it with showers of hollow pointed punishment.

Coincidentally, a local SWAT team was practicing just two miles away for just
such an event as this…

(Insert a five second still of Serj Tankian in a top hat with the voiceover,
“HOW CONVIENENT!” here.)

…unfortunately, as usual always, they didn’t make it there in time to save
anyone or catch the jihadi salamis. Dope!

However, after a four hour manhunt (which was hampered by the fact that the
suspect descriptions were given as “Three White Christian Swedish men in their
twenties”), the jihadi newlyweds were located a pathetic 1.7 miles from the
scene of the crime. Naturally, a shootout erupts because that’s what you do
according to the “Imma Salami Muhfugga/Inome whendathotlinebling” handbook.

Thus, here we are! On the back of the black SUV, two bumper stickers adorn the
left and right sides of the vehicle. One is of Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn Yūsuf ibn Ayyūb
(aka Saladin) staring grimly at the viewer with the caption, “Ṣalāḥ ad-Dīn
Yūsuf ibn Ayyūb is watching you poop.” The other bumper sticker, because this
_is_ a rental car and this _is_ California, is a symbol for the UFO cult
Heaven’s Gate with the words, “Away Team” written underneath it. Somehow
despite the hundreds of rounds flying through the air, they’ve stayed intact.

A chorus line of SWAT officers fire over a concrete freeway divider at their
unknown assailants.

“Just like Fallujah!” the first officer in the line shouts as he fires. He is
a strapping young man.

“Just like Saigon!” the second officer in line hollers. This officer has snow
white hair and an age-weathered face.

“Just like Okinawa!” the next officer in the line manages to gasp. This cop is
extremely elderly and can barely hold his rifle; all of his shots are wildly
off the mark.

“Just like Belleau Wood!” the officer after the extremely elderly cop
whispers, a whisper being all he can manage. This officer is perhaps the
oldest person in the world; he’s merely one giant wrinkle, flesh just covering
bone, his heart beats at a sluggish one beat per minute. He could die any
second, literally! And not just because of all the lead flying around!

The last officer in the line is a literal skeleton. A somehow animate skeleton
in a police uniform, that’s all he is. His jaw moves as if he is talking but
no sound comes out as he doesn’t have any organs.

“Just like San Juan Hill!” he mouths over the din.

Nearby, behind a squad car one police officer who is not wearing a helmet and
has a Justin Bieber haircut, asks incredulously as he reloads, “How is it
possible they’re still shooting? We _banned_ high capacity magazines in this
state! Furthermore, their rate of fire is tremendous; we passed a _lawww_ that
said every rifle had to have a “bullet button” slowing the reloading process.
That should have given us some breathing room, but it’s….it’s not there! Like
they went around it somehow!”

(Hey folks just thought I’d pop in here and tell you what a bullet button is!
Every rifle has a magazine release button within fingers’ reach of the
trigger, a bullet button is simply a little wall built around that button that
prevents it from being pressed by a finger, forcing the shooter to use a tool
of some kind (such as a pen cap) to press the button, thus releasing the
magazine from its well and enabling one to reload. The whole grand hope of
this is that it will slow down criminals when they’re shooting so someone can
tackle them/arrest them in that five-second-long window provided thanks to the
bullet button (a window which by the way, doesn’t exist if they keep a round
in the chamber, but oh well, so much for that, fuck you.)

To the left of Bieber cop is a British national who is wearing a bright white
helmet like British soldiers did in the Anglo-Zulu War. He moved to California
to escape the high taxes of the United Kingdom only to end up in one of the
most highly taxed states in the US. Double D(ope)!

“Well govenah, looks like they’ve somehow ignored those laws or figured out
some way to get around them! Whodathunkit?” the Limey grunts to his compatriot
as he continues to fire.

“Why do we even _have_ laws if bad guys don’t follow ‘em?” the Justin Bieber
SWAT officer whines, his voice reaching a falsetto.

Suddenly, an officer gets a lucky shot off and jihadi papa slumps out of the
SUV onto the pavement, his head gutted by a fluke of a shot. A lull descends
upon the scene, as both sides hold their fire and their breath, waiting for
whatever is next.

After a few moments of deafening silence, the passenger side door cracks open
and a burka clad woman steps out, her face scandalously revealed to the
officers.

“Oh! It’s a woman!” one of the officers yelps in surprise.

“As-salāmu ʿalayki!” another officer yells to her.

“_That’s_ a woman?” a third officer asks, confused.

“Hey! Respect their culture!” a senior officer scolds him.

“Uh, I mean, that’s a _WOMAN_!” the questioning officer revises, turning the
insult into a compliment.

Without a word of warning, the jihadi mama whips out a chrome handgun from
underneath her robes and fires at the officers haphazardly.

“Shooooooot her!” the British officer commands his stunned troops,
“Shoooooooot her!”

Caught off guard for a moment, wrapped up in the Great Homecoming Fuck Fantasy
that occasionally wanders into a soldier’s mind, the shocked officers are slow
to respond, but respond again they do, with all they have.

“Shoooot her!” the British officer orders yet again, his voice echoing all
over the highway.

The sprinkling of spent casings hitting the pavement almost sings out a tune.

**************

A few hours later, some hot-shot Los Angeles Police Department detectives look
over the scene, still dressed in brown trenchcoats and fedoras although it’s
an 80-degree “winter” day.

“How does this keep happening?” one detective murmurs to the other as they
look over the bullet riddled SUV and the two ventilated corpses lying next to
it, dutifully handcuffed. Blood leaks from their ears as they were dumb enough
to fire a ton of rounds in a confined space, bursting their eardrums like a
water balloon.

“They should all be destroyed!” a voice calls to the detectives from a
distance.

The British SWAT officer walks over to the detectives and vigorously shakes
their hands.

“G’day gentleman, Charles Mark Robert Thomas Carlyle Ben Steve Robert Albert
Dummond-Chesterman, at your service,” the British officer introduces himself,
tipping his helmet at them.

“You were here during the shootout, yes? These two show any intelligence? Any
pre-planning premeditation? Or can we still swing that whole “this was all
over a winter gala tiff” narrative?” one of the detectives queries him,
motioning towards the riddled SUV.

“They show _extreme _intelligence, even problem-solving intelligence.
Especially the female. It appears she was the “alpha male” of the cell and the
definite leader. I wouldn’t be surprised if it turns out she killed a majority
of the victims back at the winter gala. When she looks at you, you can see
she's working things out. Silently considering all your weaknesses, exploring
every option, factoring in every variable. She was a clever girl, alright,”
Officer Drummond-Chesterman summarizes to the detectives.

“Gee, I guess that whole “spontaneous multi-perpetrator mass shooting due to a
holiday party dispute” theory is really in dumper now,” one of the detectives
muses, shrugging like the Brit’s revelations have rained on his cake.

**************

Along the side of the highway, two neighbors who witnessed the climactic
shootout emerge from their humble domiciles to observe and comment on the
scene. They’re both on permanent vacation (unemployed) so they have time in
the middle of the day to do this.

The first to speak is a young Asian woman wearing pajamas topped with a
t-shirt that reads, “I like the Sex Pistols, but find both Sex and Pistols
revolting.”

“This is _sooooo _sad, if only they had jobs,” she whines with faux
pity/outrage.

“They did. In fact, the male made more than the average American,” her
neighbor, a slovenly chaos theoretician dressed in a dirty bathrobe reminds
her. He found himself unemployed when his university cut all funding to their
Department of Bullshit.

The young Asian woman winces as if shocked by an electric fence, emotionally
wounded by reality.

Their back and forth exchange continues, the Asian woman cringing, even
moaning after each of the chaos theoretician’s answers.

“Oh if only they had an education.”

“They did. The male had a bachelor’s degree and got into a graduate program.
The female was described as a “brilliant student.””

“Uh, if only they had love and companionship.”

“They did. They were married and had a kid together, can’t get much closer
than that.”

“Oh, if only they just had affordable housing.”

“They did. They were renting a townhouse, that’s better than what a lot of
people have in this tanking economy.”

“Le sigh, if only there were accepted.”

“They were, the male’s co-workers threw his wife a baby shower and he was not
a foreigner, he was American, natural born.”

“Well, humph! If only California had an assault weapons ban!”

“They do. California has had an assault weapons ban since 1989.”

The young Asian woman looks seriously hurt by this revelation. That one stung.

“If high capacity magazines were banned, _none_ of this would have happened!”
she squeaks in protest.

“They are. California banned high capacity magazines in 1999.”

She seems stumped for a moment, deep in thought, before coming up with another
excuse.

“If all rifles had _bullet buttons_, they would have been slow to reload and
someone heroic would have tackled them BOTH and saved me….I mean, those people
at the gala.”

“They did. Not surprisingly a bullet button can be defeated by the lowliest
criminal with absolutely minimal effort. “

The young Asian woman looks flat, defeated, she crosses her arms in front of
her chest.

“It was workplace violence; this had _nothing_ to do with terrorism, like _at
all_!”

“Ah, right, just like Fort Hood. Except only one of them worked at this place
and they pledged support to ISSILE, traveled to Wahhabist countries, lied on
their immigration application yadda yadda yadda…”

The young Asian woman appears devastated, on the verge of tears.

“You’re just a misogynist!.................and Ronald Crump is HITLER!” she
screeches before stomping back inside, slamming the screen door as she goes.

A perplexed look dawns over the chaos theoretician’s face at that last
outburst.

**************

A week later, an FBI head honcho stands behind a podium on a small stage
before a bloodthirsty mob of reporters, bloggers, Farcebookists, Shitterists,
Instashamists, Crapchatists, and Shit Shatists.

As usual for a government head honcho type, he doesn’t look like the sharpest
tool in the shed, you know the kinda guy who thought that by tear gassing
women and chitlans till they were unconscious then lighting them on fire
counts as “saving the hostages.” He reports his findings without emotion,
sarcasm, wit or even snark.

“Welp ya’ll after an investigation that has lasted all of seven whole days, we
can confidently say the attackers were not part of a sleeper cell, even though
they erased their digital footprint and destroyed their cell phones. And even
though they had people coming to their house in the middle of the night and
radicalized themselves in terrorist-rife countries, we still say without
sarcasm or silliness that they are not part of a cell and all of that other
hooey is just coincidence,” the FBI honcho reports through his lazy Southern
drawl.

A lone reporter stands to question him. The reporter is from the Heaven’s Gate
website and has no eyes, no nose, no ears, no hair, no mouth, and no penis,
and is wearing a black Nike tracksuit made out of parachute like material.

“Really?” the reporter asks, somehow able to communicate with his non-existent
mouth.

“Uhhhhhhhh……………….really!” the FBI head honcho responds, sounding like Beavis
and/or Butthead, like there really is nothing wrong with all he just said.

The Heaven’s Gate representative sits back down. The reporters, bloggers,
Farcebookists, Shitterists, Instashamists, Crapchatists, and Shit Shatists all
stare around the room at each other wordlessly in the silence that follows.

**Trivia:** References include the 2015 San Bernardino shootings, Ronald Crump, Heaven’s Gate, _Total Coincidence!_ (also on this site under XavierJets), Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Yik Yak, _Equilibrium_, _Jurassic Park_, _The Perfect Gift_, Serj Tankian, Saladin, David Koresh is watching you poop, _The Suite Life on Deck_, _Die Hard_, _3000 Miles to Graceland_, Justin Bieber, _Barton Fink_, _Sod that for a Game of Soldiers_, the Fort Hood shootings of 2009 (not part two), _We’ll always have Paris_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Gilmore Girls_, the Spanish-American War, World War Part One, World War Part Two, the Vietham Conflict, the Iraq War Part Two of Fifteen, _Living with Michael Jackson_, _The Simpsons_, _3 South_, Nervous Norvus, The Left-Rights, _Beavis & Butthead_, the Anglo-Zulu War, Pastor Manning, and _The Short Timers_.

\--The SWAT officer with a Justin Bieber haircut is a reference to a SWAT
officer featured on the news recently looking incredibly young and boyish for
a SWAT officer.

\--Dead suspects are handcuffed by the police as only a medical examiner can
declare someone dead.

\--The detective’s highly implausible theory was the official story at first,
same for the initial suspect descriptions.

\--“Oh! It’s a woman!” is what a clerk said when I tried to use an ID card of
my mom’s at the library.

