### I WANT A CLARK BAR! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2016-01-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A lazy day in Parliament is interrupted by a terrorist attack…and everyone’s only hope is a 159-year-old Mountie. 

* * *

**_I want a Clark bar!_**

Within the marble columned lobby of the Centre Block on Canada’s Parliament
Hill, two doughy middle-aged security guards shoot the breeze. Their sidearms
are holstered and they’re drinking chilled Molson brews. Tis a lazy day, you
can almost hear the Birdman theme from _Pilotwings 64_ playing in the
background.

“Hey, you think it’ll ever be another season here besides winter, eh?” one of
the guards lazes to his counterpart.

“Uh, not likely, eh,” his partner replies, shrugging.

They’re a little less alert than they should be considering there was a
terrorist attack in their country two days ago courtesy of a guy who looked
like a member of Sublime. With Sublime fans being so numerous literally anyone
they see could be a terrorist now. However, so far that incident has only been
classified as a “traffic accident” because the attacker used a car instead of
a gun (*physically craps through mouth in disgust*). He may have just been
swerving to avoid a flock of Canadian geese after all, amIright?

The idle of the dumpy twosome’s day is abruptly shattered when the main door
of the building flies open and in marches a young Muzzilman wearing a bandanna
around his face like a Wild West stage coach robber. Also in theme with his
Wild West stage coach robber get-up is his weapon, a lever-action rifle only
120 to 130 years or so obsolete in terms of weaponry…but don’t tell _him_
that. He has long black girly hair, but only a short beard, apparently
misinterpreting that passage about letting your beard grow in the
ImmaSalamiMuhfugga director’s cut version of the Que-ran.

“AHOLA SNACKBAR!” he shouts, pumping his rifle up and down above his head like
a Tusken Raider. His shout reverberates throughout the entire building as its
main marble floored/columned hallway acts as a giant echo chamber.

The two doughy guards glance over at the commotion, mildly alarmed. This is
the most extreme reaction by anyone in the building.

The members of Parliament just a few rooms over don’t even look up from their
card game of “Go Fish.” They’re playing with a Super Mario themed deck and
that is infinitely more interesting to them. Plus, they spent good taxpayer
money to have ring upon ring of armed guards around them at all times so that
no terrorist daring to show up at their doorstep due to their failed policies
will ever get close enough to them to knock off their fake 18th century
powdered wigs.

A guard sitting near the front door behind a small podium nonchalantly
continues to drink his Diet Dr. Coke, totally unperturbed by the exclamation.

“Hey, eh, did he just say something about a snackbar?” the first guard asks,
his uni-brow furrowing in worry. Usually the events that come after the word
“snackbar” is shouted aren’t too _smiley-face-emoticon_.

“I think he said, “I want a Clark bar,” let’s not jump to conclusions, maybe
it’s some sort of cultural expression that we ignorant Canucks just don’t
_under-standddd_,” the second guard posits, stroking his turkey neck in
contemplation.

“AHOLA SNACKBAR!” the Wild West stage coach robber impersonating terrorist
repeats again, pleading for attention.

Slowly, the door guard puts down his Diet Dr. Coke, gets up and approaches
him.

“May I take your coat sir, eh?” the door guard meekly asks him.

The stage coach robber responds by firing a poorly aimed shot at the door
guard with all his frenzied jihadical might. The shot sails through the
guard’s pant leg, leaving him unharmed.

“GUNNNN!” the guard hollers as he retreats, knowing that a shout of “gun” will
trigger more of a response than “terrorist!,” or “we’re under attack!” or
“base, we have an intruder!,” or “help!” or even the classic, “fire!”

“Did he say _fun_, eh?” the uni-browed guard questions his partner after
witnessing the exchange.

The stage coach robber fires another wild shot in the general direction of the
two doughy guards, it goes predictably wide and takes the head off a random
bird statue.

“Ohhhhhh he said _gunnnnnnnnn_, I get it, eh. It’s a shoo-ting!” the chubby
guard declares triumphantly like he figured out a 5,000-piece puzzle of the
_Zuikaku_.

“Well,” the uni-browed guard shrugs as he takes a swig, “this shoo-ting is
gonna be in 3B vision, eh!” He holds the beer bottle up to his eye like a
telescope.

In the meantime, a guard on the second floor was going out for a cigarette
when he heard someone yell “gun” (or was it fun?) and at any rate decided to
investigate said gun/fun. Upon seeing the stage coach robber and deducing
there was no fun to be had, he promptly drew down on him, just like he was
trained to do.

Oblivious to all this, Mr. Salami the stage coach robber, sprints down the
hallway before him, past the two doughy guards who are now up to 4B vision
having a drunk a whole bottle in ten seconds flat out of pure adrenaline, past
the entrance to the floor of Parliament (guess he didn’t study the building’s
layout?), and into a small alcove in front of a library (why is it always a
library?). In that time, the intrepid guard on the second floor emptied a
whole seventeen round magazine at him and only managed to mildly graze him due
to the robber’s crack-powered fleetness of foot. Contrary to popular belief
one hit upon an assailant, even a solid hit, does not send them stumbling
backwards and over the most conveniently placed railing (for a +1 railing
kill).

Finally awakened to the situation, the members of Parliament abandon their
game of “Go Fish” and barricade the door to their chamber with chairs,
interns, mistresses, valets, lackeys, and reporters. They toss the Prime
Minister in a utility closet and lock the door. Some of the old crows even
take up flagpoles to be used as spears, should their taxpayer funded rings of
armed security guards fail to keep them (and their powdered wigs) safe.

A team of guards approaches the stage coach robber in his library entrance
alcove, but he fires another crazed, incredibly inaccurate shot and that’s
enough to scatter this elite team of law enforcement warriors.

All seems lost (?) when from a random door in the hallway bursts forth a
_savoir _in red. It’s an absolutely ancient Mountie who is 59 but really
doesn’t look a day over 159. Despite his bright red attire, the stage coach
robber doesn’t notice him. Furthermore in spite of his needing thick glasses,
he’s one of the best shots in the Royal Canadian Mounted Police.

“What the HELL is going on out here with all the hootin’ and hollerin’ and
ruckus, you dang crazy KIDS?” the old Mountie rasps in his hoarse old man
voice, whilst recklessly waving a pistol in the air with the safety off and
his finger on the trigger.

The elite security team cowers behind columns and doorways, merely offering
the old man a series of bewildered glances.

“Aaaaaaaaallllllllllllllaaaaaaaahhhhh……..” the stage coach robber moans from
his nook fortress.

“Oh! A Mohammedan! Why didn’t you say so, eh?” the old Mountie exclaims,
before charging (at a walking pace, that is) the alcove where the stage coach
robber is hiding.

The elite security team looks on, knowing its best to stay out of his way. One
of them, however, dutifully presses a red button on the wall labeled, “Slow
Motion.”

In slow motion the old Mountie approaches the alcove before jumping into a
dive just as he reaches its aperture. The stage coach robber’s eyes go wide
with fright at the sight of the flying old man, hovering through the air as if
held up by a wire fighting crew. He can barely manage to pump a new round into
his obsolete rifle’s chamber before the airborne old man empties his entire
magazine at him.

Instantaneously (the slow-mo now being off), the old Mountie lands on the
floor (glasses still perfectly on, man!) as the stage coach robber clatters to
the floor quite dead.

Dusting himself off the old Mountie stands up and immediately addresses the
situation.

“Okay, eh, status report, did anyone curse throughout this incident?” he
questions the still cowering security team. Gradually, with the agonizing
slowness that comes with knowing one is guilty as sin, they all raise their
hands.

********

Several minutes later, the old Mountie stumbles onto the floor of Parliament
through a side door, completely circumventing the MPs barricade of chairs,
interns, mistresses, valets, lackeys, and reporters with no intentional effort
on his part. Turning to look, they all gasp upon catching a glimpse of him, he
still holds the pistol and it’s barrel is lightly letting off a ribbon of
smoke.

Fearing for a moment that this is their day of reckoning, believing that their
Praetorian Guard has finally rebelled, the MPs hold thy tongues, waiting for
the old Mountie to decide their fates.

“I’ve managed to subdue the assailant. The panic's over. Everything's under
control, eh,” the old Mountie announces self-assuredly, again waving the
pistol thoughtlessly about as he does so.

Spontaneously, the whole chamber of Parliament, the Prime Minister in the
closet, and even the interns, mistresses, valets, lackeys, and reporters being
used as cannon fodder break into an enthusiastic cacophony of applause. One by
one everyone in the room stands (even the Prime Minister in his closet) while
keeping up their rapturous handclapping. The standing ovation henceforth
continues for an extended period of time.

The old Mountie remains stoic, merely grinning whilst looking out over his
appreciative audience. Upon reflection it does occur to him, ironically, that
they are only applauding because he saved their asses and if the same shootout
had taken place in an “economically challenged” area of the city, and he had
still emptied a magazine on a crackhead jihadi armed with an obsolete
rifle….this same audience now clapping their palms red in gratitude would be
rebuking him as a brutal fascist oppressor pig who doesn’t even bee-leaf in
climate change. But since only six curse words were uttered during the whole
affair, he forgets Parliament’s self-serving appreciativeness and focuses on
that instead.

**Trivia:** References include the 2014 Canadian Parliament shooting, the 2014 Canadian ramming attack, the 2009 Fort Hood shooting, _Johnny English_, _Strange Brew_, _Ahola Snackbar!_ (also on this site under XavierJets), Sublime, _Pilotwings 64_, _Mario’s Fundamentals_, _We’ll always have Paris_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Star Wars_, Molson, _Zuikaku_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, Caligula, _The Matrix_, _Reno 911!_, _South Park_, _Austin Powers in Goldmember_, _Perfect Dark 64_, _Mystery Science Theater 3000_, Bill Cosby stand-up, _Romeo and Juliet_, _Zero Hour: Massacre at Columbine High_, and police brutality.

\--A waitress did tell me once they served Diet Dr. Coke at their restaurant.

\--Most of the ridiculous details in this story (such as a guard emptying a
magazine and missing every shot, the Prime Minister being shoved in a closet,
etc.) are true.

