### AN ASTHMATIC ANT WITH SOME HEAVY SHOPPING by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2016-01-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Hitler teaches at an elementary school. Pseudo-hippies propose violence. A band disappoints it’s fans to the last. A little girl gets a skull for Christmas. 

* * *

**_An Asthmatic Ant with some Heavy Shopping_**

**_You’re WORSE than…._**

With their heads craned down towards their desk’s a class of elementary school
students paints away, mostly unaware of the figure stalking the aisles between
their desks. The man wears a brown corduroy suit and trods slowly, softly,
with his weathered hands clasped behind his back. Most of the students, some
just half a decade old, know who their teacher is, but for the most part they
DGAF. The past is past, events some seventy years ago don’t change the fact
that they need to pass this course. Fortunately, their teacher, “retired”
German Chancellor Adolf Hitler, has been known to curve grades when he’s in a
good mood.

Don’t act so surprised. A 126-year-old “retired” German Chancellor teaching an
art class at an Argentinian elementary school isn’t the strangest thing to
happen recently. It’s all quite explainable really. World record setting
aviatrix Hannah Reitsch simply flew right into Berlin during the last days,
landed in the Tiergarten, and persuaded (with the help of Martin Bormann, of
course) the former Austrian painter to abandon the city. He was adamant at
first, but when Hannah mentioned he could_ go back to his roots_, he was
swayed. So she squeezed Adolf and Martin into the backseat of a Stuka dive
bomber and set a course for Argentina. Hannah went on to set several more
aviation records, Martin became a gardener, and Adolf became an art teacher at
a local elementary school. And the rest as they say…is history.

Abruptly, herr schoolmeister comes to a halt in the middle of an aisle, his
eye caught by a student’s work.

“Vhy does da sun have a face?” he calmly questions his student, squinting
through tiny framed glasses.

The little tyke looks up at him innocently.

“You said we had to do a landscape….” he reminds him gently.

“Ya, but not a_ surrealist_ landscrape. I hate dat….und abstract. Picasso was
vorthless in my opinion. Start over!” Professor Hitler lectures the student,
still sore that Picasso got his big break, but he did not. I mean _come on_!

The student looks hurt; this is the first setback he’s encountered in his
entire life. Hurt to the point that he is on the verge of tears, he strikes
back with the one insult that he sees people of all ages universally throw out
all the time in RL and on the internet.

“You’re…….you’re WORSE than Hitler!” the student rages as he crumples up his
painting.

For the first time since the simultaneous declarations of war by France and
Britain after that whole Poland deal, the “retired” German Chancellor looks
genuinely shocked. He staggers to his desk as if having a heart attack. He
sinks into his chair looking devastated, on the verge of tears himself. He
suddenly looks very gray and very old; he goes from looking 126 to looking 180
in a heartbeat.

“Vorse than Hitler? Vorse than **_HITLER_**?” he murmurs to himself in a
choked up voice, not quite believing the situation as his class busily works
away unperturbed.

**_I Love Everyone_**

At one of the many music festivals that take place every year in the United
States, a middle-aged reporter from a local newspaper grudgingly interviews
two young concert-goers as they sit on a grassy field. He’s been forced into
this assignment only because the festival affects the local economy so much
and he’s the sole member of the staff with kids. Damn kids.

It’s a typical festival scene, everyone is dressed up like they’re a poor
penniless hippy despite the fact that mere attendance at the festival (which
costs hundreds if not thousands to get into when you factor in travel,
supplies, drugs, etc.), practically assures everyone there is well off and
apparently has tons of disposable income to blow. All of the women are dressed
in various stages of partial nudity, but will be quick to blog that no one
should “judge” their appearance and even quicker to Fecesbook that they’re at
some super fun pseudo-hippy yippy festival and send a thousand gratuitous
pictures along of every second of the day to boot.

“I love everyone, I just love everyone here and the atmosphere, I love all
people, every life has value, I’m tolerant of everyone and all cultures, and
everything,” a young ambiguously male concertgoer explains to the reporter.
He’s shirtless, but despite being an adult male, his chest is hairless,
emphasizing the pasty white color of his skin. He has a sunflower painted on
his cheek as does his counterpart, a young woman naked except for flower
themed body paint. The flowers on her all have smiley faces on them, like the
health meter in _Yoshi’s Story_.

“I love everyone too, more! Governments and corporations are out to hurt us!
The music industry is so _fucked_. Moments like this one are the only thing
_real_ in life!” she elaborates quite lucidly to the reporter in a way that
still doesn’t make sense.

The middle-aged reporter, appropriately dressed in a Nirvana smiley face
t-shirt, merely nods at their ramblings while trying to keep a straight face.
Before they can ramble on, his phone suddenly starts vibrating in his pocket.
Looking for any excuse to get out of this conversation loop, he politely
informs them that he has to take this call.

It is in fact not a call, but a text message from his supervisor telling him
that a group of 700 armed militiamen have taken over an empty gift
shop/visitor center building in the middle of a wildlife refuge (see:
nowhere). He briefly wonders how so many people can fit into one building and
how they handle going to el baño, but quickly moves on to wondering if any
amount of violence in the world can put the kibosh on his supervisor’s
perpetual kill boner. If even the hint of a Waco-esque standoff warrants a
text message to reporters already in the field on assignment, apparently the
answer is _absolutely none_.

“What was that about? Did someone like your pic?” the naked flower girl asks
him curiously, always wanting to know everything, always seeking instant
gratification to her every urge and thought.

“Ah, it was nothing, probably _twelve_ armed militiamen took over an empty
building in the middle of nowhere,” the reporter says dismissively, after
having armed peepoles take over supermarkets, concert halls, satirical
magazine offices, and winter galas in the past year (with bloody results),
twelve people taking over an empty building in the middle of NOWHERE on a
Friday night doesn’t exactly rank as an emergency to him.

The words are scarcely out of mouth when the demeanor of his two interview
subjects changes dramatically. Black bags appears under the man’s eyes, his
neck veins bulge outward, and a sprinkling of chest hair begins to grow on his
pale body. All the flowers on the woman’s body lose their smiley faces and
turn into frowny faces. Her lipstick turns from purple to jet black and her
elaborate feathery headdress (which is totally not offensive to Native
Americans, she asked!) droops as if under a heavy wind.

“Utter filth. They should be killed immediately, one and all,” the young man
seethes, his voice suddenly deep and grave.

“I hope the government calls in the Marine Navy Seels and these redneck
terrorists get a taste of their tanks,” the woman coos grimly.

The reporter registers a look of shock before snapping out of it, assuming
their reactions to be a joke. Nevertheless he can’t help but notice the
seemingly inexplicable frowny faces dotting the woman’s body.

“Uhhh, little problem there, the government can’t use the military for police
action due to the Posse Comitatus law. AmIright? Plus with these budget cuts
to that $1 trillion defense budget………” the reporter starts in, heavy with jest
and sarcasm.

“Then throw out Posse Comitatus! They might shoot a plant for Atheism’s sake!”
the young man shouts, cutting him off. He flails his arm in protest, sending a
smoldering cigarette butt off into the distance to cause a wildfire.

The reporter has seen a lot of _shit_ in his forty-something years on Earth,
but this? This? This is approaching the top five! This is a greater heel turn
than Hulk Hogan joining the NWO (the wrestling team, not the world domination
thing).

“The government should just move in and kill them all, get it over with!” the
woman adds, the flowers on her body now looking downright angry with
appropriately slanted eyebrows.

“Yeah, sure. The times the government did just that proved to be great
successes, you know MOVE, Ruby Ridge, Waco…..” the reporter reminds them,
playing heavily on sarcasm again as each those incidents involved inordinate
amounts of collateral damage.

“Ruby Ridge? The porn star?” the young man asks, confused at the turn the
conversation has evidently taken.

Giving up completely with ever reaching the previously lovey-dovey now killy-
killy duo, the reporter hangs his head in defeat. His Nirvana smiley t-shirt
even frowns in resignation. He lets out a long sigh before wordlessly standing
up and walking away.

**_We don’t play that song live!_**

It’s a crowded night at the Bataclan theatre in Paris, after all the Eagles of
Death Metal are playing, dude! Totally rad! Seriously though, who ever heard
of them? Well, apparently as the Weird Al song goes, “They’re a genius in
France.”

The band has just taken the stage, the atmosphere is electric, the crowd is
overenthusiastic to the point that they’ve put their phones on silent, and
absolutely everyone is ready to rock. Rowan Atkinson once said the only thing
the French should host is an invasion, but apparently they can host a pretty
good concert as well.

Just before the band launches into their first song, Josh Homme who you may
remember from Queens of the Stone Age, Mastodon and/or the Arctic Monkeys,
climbs from his drummer’s throne to make an announcement to the eager
audience.

“I just want to let everyone know, we will **_NOT_** be doing any Queens of
the Stone Age songs tonight no “Go with the Flow,” no “No one Knows,”
nothing,” Mr. Homme declares to the audience, feeling their enthusiasm to be a
little too great for a side project band.

For a long moment, the entire crowd is stunned into silence as they consider
what this means.

Slowly at first, going only one by one, the crowd begins to dissipate and
leave. Then after the initial shame and shock has worn off the mass exodus
really kicks into high gear as hundreds storm the exit.

After a few minutes of stumbling and grumbling the entire crowd is gone save
for one man standing in the middle of the dance floor.

He’s wearing a ski mask, has dynamite strapped around his body, and
unprofessionally holds an AK series rifle with his finger on the trigger.
Totally exposed and realizing it for the first time, he looks around anxiously
for his partner or a potential victim or perhaps the bartender. However, it
quickly dawns on him that everyone has left the building, even the people that
work here. Finding himself no fan of the Eagles of Death Metal (he thought
_THE_ Eagles were playing), he bows his head, basking in the intense shame of
defeat. With his body posture now being one of a beaten slouch, he trudges off
toward the exit, waddling awkwardly under the weight of all that weaponry. The
theatre is absolutely silent save for the clinking of the rifle tapping
against various ammunition magazines as he plods along.

**_Skull and Bones_**

It is Christmas 1944 in this American middle class home along the eastern
seaboard. Yup, World War II is still going full steam (and not going too
peachy keen for the Allies at the moment with that Ardennes business), but
right now this idyllic family couldn’t care less. Dad sits in an armchair by
the fireplace, dressed in a zoot suit and smoking a tobacco pipe. Mom is all
dolled up looking like Audrey Hepburn; their teenage daughter is similarly
looking classy and feminine (absent are any facial piercings or tattoos).
Their youngest daughter sports her best Shirley Temple impression, all ready
to sparkle for the world.

“I’ve got one last present for you Margot, this one is from your brother,” the
father hypes up the present to their youngest as he retrieves a neatly wrapped
green and red package from behind his chair.

“Oh boy! I bet he got me something reallyyy swell!” Margot yelps, happy as a
clam to get something from her eldest brother despite his being so far away
for the holidays. Damn, Hirohito!

As soon as Dad hands it off, Margot attacks the box, furiously unwrapping it
just _dying_ to see what treasures lie beneath it’s shiny exterior. When at
last, the item is uncovered she holds it up high for all in the room to see.

“Oh wow! Pope’s dope! It’s a skull!” Margot shrieks in delight as she
showcases it for her family. Dad smiles and shakes his head. Mom clasps her
hands together in an expression of surprise and envy. Her older sister rests a
palm upon her cheek, desperately hoping she gets a skull as a present at some
point….maybe for her birthday.

“Wow! A real live dead Jap skull! I hope my boyfrand sends _me_ a skull! Maybe
even _TWO_ skulls!” the elder sister exclaims in earnest hope.

“Well if this war goes on another year, you may get a Jap skull in your
stocking next Christmas yourself, Marjorie,” Dad assures her, leaning back in
his armchair.

“Oh I hope it does!” Marjorie wishes into the ether.

“Oh stinky, you slay me!” Margot quips as she grins right into the skull’s
hollow eye sockets.

**Trivia: **References include _Stuka Pilot_, _Yoshi’s Story_, _Well so much for you OH_ (also on this site under XavierJets), _Hey Arnold_, _Flyboys: A True Story of Courage_, the 2015 Paris attacks, the 1985 MOVE bombing, the 1993 Waco siege, the 1992 Ruby Ridge standoff, the 2015 Bundy militia “standoff,” _Thunder Below!_, Shirley Temple, Audrey Hepburn, Orson Welles, Nirvana, Hulk Hogan, the NWO, C-heads magazine, _Downfall_, the Burning Man festival, Facebook, _The Diary of a Young Girl_, The Eagles, The Eagles of Death Metal, Queens of the Stone Age, Mastodon, the Arctic Monkeys, _Johnny English_, Picasso, _Zero Hour: Massacre at Columbine High_, Weird Al, Emperor Hirohito, _The Simpsons_, bands saying they don’t do that song live, the Posse Comitatus Act, _Blackadder Goes Forth_, Dr. William Luther Seuss, and Badass of the week.

\--Japanese skulls were given as gifts to people during World War II;
President Franklin Roosevelt even got a letter opener made out of a Japanese
bone as a gift.

\--Hannah Reitsch was a world record setting aviatrix who flew into Berlin
during the battle. Hans Rudel, a Stuka dive bomber pilot, offered to fly
Hitler out of Berlin during the last days.

\--Hitler was momentarily dejected when he learned France and Britain declared
war on him.

\--The Eagles of Death Metal do cover Queens of the Stone Age songs.

\--The first segment was inspired by someone saying the “worse than Hitler”
snark remark is so overdone that if Hitler came back from the dead, he’d be
called “worse than Hitler.”

\--The armed militia was reported as 150, but observed to be 15 to 24 in
actual number.

