### HOT CAR 2 PART ONE by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2016-01-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** An aging Gulf War veteran and his 19-year-old cheerleader/hunter wife struggle to readjust to the world after the Ban on Life has been temporarily suspended while its being appealed in the US Supreme Court. 

* * *

**_Hot Car 2 Part One_**

Our Heroes:

**Rex**—An ever-aging 1st Gulf War (that’s the good one folks!) veteran and devoted husband of Lucy Furr, previously (currently?) works part-time at Scum Co., often clumsy, distracted, and uncaring, but also observant, articulate, and sarcastic. Has a case of Gulf War Syndrome and is both apolitical and “non-denominational” for the most part.

**Lucy Furr**—The pregnant, bleach blonde haired, attractive, always smiling, eye-patch wearing wife of Rex. 19-years-old. Both a literary enthusiast and expert big game hunter. To be played by internet sensation, the “Texas hunter cheerleader,” Kendall Jones.

Timeframe:

April 19, two-thousand-whatever, approximately four months after the events of
_Hot Car_ and the US Supreme Court decision leading to a Ban on Life.

Hot Car-isms:

1) Instead of saying fucking bullshit, characters say “finn biss” and do not
curse, saying only, for instance, “Why you son of a b….!”

2) Whenever a crazy, stupid or inane law is referenced it is said to have been
passed “last year.”

3) Like the people in _American Psycho_ many people in _Hot Car_ are too self-
obsessed to notice whats going on in the world around them.

The Skinny:

Our story opens with Rex and Lucy once again having raw, passionate sex, this
time on a scaly, green alien carapace rug adorning their second floor bedroom.
They rotate through the positions of the missionary, the cowgirl, the ultimate
embrace, squashing the deckchair, and the bicycle pump, but always maintain
eye contact with each other as they’re married and truly love each other
(despite the age difference). The alien carapace wasn’t made into a rug
professionally as the Ban on Life is still in effect, so it’s a homemade job
that continually leaks viscous green blood which smears all over Lucy and Rex
as they carry on.

At long last, Rex yells, “Whoo-hoo-whee-hee-hee! That was a hoot,” as he
spasms and blows a golf ball sized load in Lucy. Lucy just smiles her
trademark shit-eating grin, happy that she has conquered Rex as easily as she
vanquished that rare white rhino. Rex immediately collapses face down on the
alien carapace and falls asleep without even cleaning the alien blood off of
himself. Without a word, Lucy raises herself up, cleans herself off, and puts
on a pink robe that has “MILF in training” (since she is pregnant, although
she got the robe as a gift for her first pregnancy…before she aborted that one
at taxpayer expense that is) stitched on the back if it. She leaves Rex lying
on the floor as she settles into bed with a book titled, _50 Shades of Whey_,
which features a redneck David Cross in mid-leap on it’s front cover.

In his unconscious state, either due to the magic of dreaming or a
hallucinatory effect of the alien blood, Rex’s mind travels back to four
months ago, to December (hence in _Hot Car 1_, the shooting victim’s shriek of
“come on its Christmas people!” actually makes sense), when their son Blazer
baked to death in their car on an unusually hot day for the season…which
everyone guessed was caused by global warming duh. In the aftermath of
Blazer’s death some of their overly concerned sad, weepy neighbors bought him
and Lucy a device to put in their remaining car (Lucy’s SUV, the other car
they told their insurance company was “totaled”) that would tell them when
their _next_ child was trapped and boiling to death. They tried to refuse the
“gift,” laughing nervously as they assured them that they’d “know better for
next time!” However, the nosy, do-gooder neighbors kept pushing it on them,
even installing it in their SUV for them. After they finally dispersed, Lucy
told Rex that it might be a good thing, as they can just claim the system
malfunctioned if/when they boil their next spawn to death and sue the
manufacturer as a result.

Feeling the slimy alien blood on his body even in his sleep Rex’s unconscious
mind is further prompted to remember earlier this week when a stray Golden
Labrador/Dachshund mix, a golden wiener in other words, wandered into their
yard. It had been abandoned by its owners, probably due to that law against
owning any breed of dog due to a baby-mauling pit-bull attack last year. He
and Lucy immediately adopted the dog, naming him Schnitzel, figuring hey they
broke so many laws already, why not one more? Gotta have some fun. When you
outlaw dogs, dog owners become outlaws. One morning this week when they let
Schnitzel out to go to the bathroom, he attracted the attention of an alien.
Since the Ban of Life only applied to humans, their alien counterparts were
free to do whatever they wanted. However, alien controlled congress hasn't
gotten around to passing any laws "protecting" their kind from any harm yet
(wink, wink). Thusly, when a slimy, tentacle-sporting, light-bulb head shaped
alien attempted to devour their little golden wiener, Lucy, aiming with her
one remaining eye, dropped him with a single no scope shot from her Winchester
Model 1885 rifle. The rifle had been given to her by a manly woman ex-cop (who
lost her job in the universal cop ban last year), despite it being a treasured
family heirloom of hers. Her reasoning for the gift, “Your husband will try to
rape you at some point, protect yourself!” At any rate, after Lucy snaked out
into the backyard and returned with the alien carcass in a smoother fashion
than Carlos Hathcock, she and Rex tried to make it into a rug to pass the
time. It worked somewhat, the last time they tried this with the previous
alien Lucy shot, its carapace turned brittle once drained of it's blood. Yep,
it was pretty boring when life was banned, really couldn’t do much, but hey,
at least no one DIED (we think).

Finally Rex remembers the day that had just passed. He and Lucy were sitting
around in the living room (what was left of it that is, it was still shot to
shit, can’t call a repairman as life is banned for him too), just staring into
space wondering where it all went wrong, when the TV fuzzed to life (like the
radar becoming jammed in _Spaceballs_). Immediately, a voiceover on a “stand
by, technical difficulties” screen announced, “The Ban of Life is currently
being appealed in the US Supreme Court. Some lawyers are arguing that those
who _DARE_ to have a life should have the option of signing a waiver, freeing
any person, thing, company or alien from any responsibility whatsoever when
something _BAD_ inevitably happens to them. The Justices who voted in favor of
the of the ban still say that with a 100% death rate, a life is still far too
dangerous for anyone, absolutely anyone, to have. While the appeal is in
progress, citizens may go about their “lives,” if they dare or just stay home
and do nothing, which is far, far safer. You’ve been warned!”

After staring in shock for a few seconds, Rex and Lucy came to grips with
reality, so happy to risk their lives again by having one, they celebrated the
only way they know how to, a sex session on their new alien rug. Their
neighbors in the houses surrounding them, cried, screamed, asked whyyyyyyyy,
shot off some celebratory gunfire, and cheered in response to the news. Rex,
meanwhile, noticed a tattoo on Lucy’s hip of the “red man” symbol from
_Catch-22_, he doesn’t remember her getting it, but thinks to himself, “ah her
literary tastes are as good as her aim!”

At dawn Rex awakens, startled by gunfire, a chainsaw humming, various sized
explosions, and screaming in the distance. Someone shouts during a lull, “Ah I
knew having a life was a mistake!” Another person hollers, “Ah, so that was
_YOU_ with the white stuff!” Rex gets up and goes downstairs as the chaos
continues outside. Lucy and Schnitzel (who is wearing a _Rambo_ headband) are
crouched behind an overturned table. Lucy is aiming her rifle at the front
door, still in her MILF robe.

Rex walks up to them in a daze, “Morning wife, uhhh should I be concerned?”

Her and the dog turn and look at him, Lucy cheerily greets him, “Oh morning
Rex, now that you’re up, you can go get me some coffee!”

Rex shakes his head, trying to come out of his morning stupor, “Sure thing, I
could use some myself, G-dash-d, I’m still sore from last night. Last time I
was that sore afterwards was on our honeymoon in Kuala Lumpur!”

“Right after my high school graduation….” Lucy adds.

“Shizz yeah…” Rex reminisces as he begins walking out the door.

“REX!” Lucy yells breaking him out of his trance. Rex whips around, startled,
wide eyed.

“Clothes!” she reminds him sternly.

Rex looks down, realizes he is naked, grimaces, makes a frustrated grunt, then
walks off to get dressed.

“Thanks wife! Man, am I glad I married young…er!” he mutters as he walks
upstairs.

Outside and dressed this time Rex plods down his driveway to the midnight
black SUV that he and Lucy bought even though they couldn’t afford it. Only
355 months of payments left! Rex’s neighbor to his left is in his driveway
sweeping up a trail of green mucus left by a passing alien. He looks like a
typical suburban goofy middle-aged dad, donning blue overalls, a gray
mustache, bald except for sideburns, being both slapstick and clueless like
Bill from _The_ _Red Green Show_. He looks up from his work and calls to Rex.

“Hey neighbor, so you decided to risk your life too?”

Rex, sighs an incredibly exasperated sigh, stops mid-stride, turns to engage
him, and answers, “Yeah, the wife wants coffee, and you know what they say,
happy wife and your dick won’t get the knife!”

The neighbor looks surprised; obviously he doesn’t like “bad words.” Changing
topics, the neighbor starts, “Did you hear about that mass shooting? There was
a new one already!”

Rex, faking sympathy/caring, “Yeah “sad” stuff.”

The neighbor puts his hands on his hips, “You know despite all the shootings,
I still think it was a good idea for every legal gun owner to turn in their
toys.”

Rex shrugs, “Sure…it worked out for the Indians.”

The neighbor looks puzzled, “Who?”

Rex grins a shit-eating grin, trying to imitate his wife, “Exactly.”

The neighbor still doesn’t get it, he shakes his head, “I just wish there was
some way we could stop these terrible, horrible, no-good, very bad events from
happening!” His tone escalates as he says this, he punches the air with his
free hand as he finishes.

Rex rubs his hand on his forehead as he looks down briefly, then up again to
address his neighbor, “I don’t know, maybe there should be actual punishment
for actions we want to decrease in frequency. The incurably criminal put to
death, the incurably ill allowed to die.”

The neighbor makes angry eyes, “Oh who said that…..Hitler?”

“Uhhhh….Socrates?” Rex answers in a slow deliberate manner.

“Well I got to get back to cleaning up this mucus!” the neighbor relents. Rex
just waves goodbye and gets in the SUV.

“Man it’s hot in here!” he comments as he turns on the air conditioning and
drives away.

As Rex is driving along, he witnesses various scenes around town. A “hybrid”
car with a “co-exist” bumper sticker is slowly driving along, running out of
battery juice. A carjacker armed with a shiny chrome 33-round extended
capacity magazine runs after the car. The hybrid driver tries to gun it to get
away (no pun intended), but slowly the “car” coasts to a stop. The carjacker
first runs, then walks, before merely standing still to catch up to it. He
drags the driver from the car, breaks his fake glasses with a flurry of
strikes using his extended capacity magazine (to which the victim comments,
d’ohhhh this is why extended capacity magazines are bad!) and continues
beating him till he is unconscious, before leaving him for dead. He then gets
in the car, searches around, grabs a bicycle, and takes off on it going 60
miles per hour somehow. Rex just laughs at the whole scene. Our hero then
comes to a stop at a red light. No cars come through the intersection, but a
lynch mob of “C’mon Man Stop the Violence Yo” protestors chasing an unarmed
community organizer (who was just checking the group’s diversity ratios) pass
through, as well as an alien (leaving a mucus trail naturally) escorted by
what looks like a bow-legged chicken nugget with teeth and mandibles, a stray
elephant in a bantha costume, a predator drone with a smiley face on it, and a
man (or woman) in a Dark Angels-esque robe riding a swoop bike with a worried
looking Ariana Grande doppelganger on the backseat. All of them cause the red
light camera to go off and thus get a ticket. Rex does not even comment or
give off a hint of caring, it’s all just a normal day to him. He continues on
as usual, passing a man using a flamethrower to trim his hedges. He gets
flashed by the red light camera as he goes through the intersection despite
the light being green. “Finn biss,” he curses out loud to himself.

Rex pulls into the parking lot of the coffee shop, amongst a sea of cars. One
pair of motorists are dueling with samurai swords (which sound like
lightsabers when they clash) over a parking spot. Another pair are shooting at
each other with mini-guns similar to Blaine’s in _Predator_, completely
missing each other yet causing several nearby cars to catch fire. In every
other car, a helpless child is trapped, left and forgotten by their
careless/murderous “parents.” Some stray rounds from the mini-guns provide air
holes in the windows, so some of them will eventually survive. After a car
explodes and flips away, Rex pulls into the newly opened spot. One “parent”
comes out to her car with her kid roasting to death in it, only to retrieve
the stuffed Garfield stuck on the back window, completely ignoring the kid.
Rex locks his car and starts walking towards the coffee shop, nonchalantly as
if it was any other day. Near the entrance, a man in a blue suit, looking like
the Mayor from _Action League Now_ sits on a bench shaking his head while
watching the scene, his face set in a permanent sneer. Rex deduces that
obviously he is a politician of some sort due to his sneering face.

As Rex approaches the entrance, Mr. Sneer lashes out at him, “You see this?”
He points to the parking lot, where two women armed with flintlock dueling
pistols from the 1700s shoot each other to death simultaneously over a parking
space; the whirr of the mini-guns is heard in the background, columns of smoke
rise into the sky.

Rex shrugs his shoulders, “So?”

Mr. Sneer sneers harder, “Look at Dar Es Salaam. Do you see this many parking
spaces there? Look at Tunis. There just aren’t as many parking spaces in such
a concentrated area as there are here, hence you get this!”

Rex, trying to process the stupidity of the argument, “So its parking space’s
fault? There should be LESS?”

Mr. Sneer, imitating Robert Muldoon in _Jurassic Park_, “They should all be
destroyed!”

Rex, sighing, “I’m sure some idiot will try to pass that this year, if the Ban
on Life is overturned, and maybe even if it’s not.”

Mr. Sneer drums on his chest with a fist, “I could be that idiot!” Afraid of
choking on the ego and smug filling the air, Rex just ignores him and heads
inside.

Inside the coffee shop, Rex joins a long diverse line of people waiting to be
served. Despite their newfound “freedom” and the carnage outside, everyone
stares straight ahead, looking incredibly blasé, bored even. The man standing
behind Rex in line is middle-aged, balding, wearing camouflage pants, a mud
brown shirt, gleaming aviator sunglasses, and has two semiautomatic Browning
pistols hanging backwards on his hips in addition to two Remington shotguns
slung across his back. Despite his disturbed appearance the man just calmly
waits in line like everyone else and those around him pay him no attention.
When a customer drops his wallet, the man kindly picks it up and returns it to
them before they leave the shop. “Ohhh, what a nice guy!” Rex thinks to
himself, imitating Curly the Stooge.

A wall mounted TV by the line abruptly roars to life, instantly capturing the
full attention of everyone. A news broadcast begins, detailing the first mass
shooting to occur during the temporary suspension of the Ban on Life. The
event is labeled a mass shooting despite it consisting of two people being
shot, two others being stabbed with a toothpick (fatally), one being strangled
with rubber chicken, three being run over by a ride-on lawnmower, and two more
shitting themselves in panic so hard that they required hospitalization.
People who _dared_ to live were allowed to leave their house at 12am sharp,
the “shooting” occurred at 12:01am. The broadcast continues on like a
celebrity gossip show (juicy personal details, no information of substance)
and starts playing the video manifesto of the latest “mass shooter.” Everyone
in line is captivated by the program, forgetting even to move forward in line.

The “mass shooter” (looking like an Episode II Anakin Skywalker) speaks while
sitting on a park bench, is well-dressed and looking very cosmopolitan, “Sex
is…evil and should be abolished. It’s not FAIR that some get to have it while
others don’t! Only a few women should be kept alive…with sex for procreation
only.” The people in line cringe and comment.

One comments, “Loon!”

Another, “Nutbag!”

A third, “Psycho!”

Rex chimes in, “Groupie! Cocaine! Crazy!”

The armed camouflaged man behind Rex comments, “What an insane idea!”

The broadcast ends with a sincere promise to follow every gossipy detail that
emerges and only blame inanimate objects for the massacre. The people in line
return their attention to various things, phones, tablets, their hair, etc.
Suddenly a Catholic priest and a Muslim Imam burst into the store, arm-in-arm,
happy as clams, and begin popping off to the people in line.

The Catholic priest gets all serious and begins to preach, “All sex outside of
marriage is a sin!”

The Muslim Imam stands on a chair and proclaims, “Sex outside of procreation
angers Allah!”

The people in the line, shrug, nod, and generally put up with the message.

One person concedes, “Makes sense!”

Another agrees, “Sounds reasonable!”

A third obeys, “Of course, father!”

Rex seeing his opening goes in again, “Groupie! Cocaine! Crazy! Wait….what?”
Puzzled by the non-reaction Rex shuts up, confounded by the group’s hypocrisy.

“Gerrrshhh derrrnnn it, whys dis taakin so longue?” an alien in front of Rex
in line asks aloud in a Scandinavian accent.

A grown man in footy pajamas behind the alien adds, “Tell me about it! We pay
these people $56 an hour and still they’re this slow. You think making six
figures they’d be motivated to work!”

Rex, ignoring his non-intervention in dumb arguments rule, butts in, “They’re
not motivated, because they didn’t earn the rewards you heaped on them without
a single thought! Once you gift something to someone that they don’t deserve,
without them earning it, it becomes totally meaningless!”

The alien and the pajama man stare at Rex like he is an alien with multiple
heads.

“People gotta eat man, least now everyone is a millionaire!” the man retorts.

“Unnn mah planert, wee dan’t haver mooney, wee juss use eags!” the alien
responds snootily.

Rex tries hard to contain him, muttering under his breath, “Yeah everyone’s a
millionaire G-dash-d it!”

He is then instantly, ultimately, and totally distracted by the ass and lower
back tattoo of the girl currently being served at the counter, as well as by
her equally finely assed friend. They’re both wearing skin tight black yoga
pants and shredded tank tops. He notices the lower back tattoo on the first
girl reads, “Arbeit Macht Frei.” “Where have I heard that before?” he wonders.
He stares with a Homer Simpson staring/thinking of donuts type of enrapture-
ment.

Just as he starts to drool, the girl turns around and notices him.

“Hey mister Rex!” the girl cheerily greets him, walking towards him, smiling,
her waist length blonde hair bopping back and forth as she goes.

Rex makes a frustrated grunt and breaks out of his trance…it’s his former
babysitter, Eatin’ Waffles.

“Well hi Miss Waffles, haven’t seen you since they banned life!” Rex starts,
trying to sound nonchalant, like he totally wasn’t just checking out her ass.

“How are you and your wife coping with such a tragedy? The little angel is in
heaven now I’m sure. Heaven is for real you know!” Eatin’ reassures him.

Rex is desperately trying not to be distracted by Eatin’ and her friend’s
figures.

“Yep, big tragedy, real sad, heaven certainly is for real though!” Rex grunts
in short.

“Have you and your hunter wife decided on having any more kids yet?” She asks,
eyebrows raised.

“Uhhh, I think fate decided that for us!” Rex tries to put it casually.

“Well if you want me to be your babysitter again I definitely can be!” she
offers in an optimistic tone.

“I’m sure the wife will love that idea. She kinda looks like a pirate now with
that eye patch. Do you still have your job at Dirty Ds?” Rex says all
sarcastic like, subtly alluding to the whole infidelity and subsequent eye-
loss-due-to-uncontrollable-ejaculation-thing.

“No, they fired everyone and bulldozed the building to make a memorial for the
shooting,” she says quietly as she makes a sad face. “Now I work with my
friend here, pardon me for not introducing her sooner mister Rex. This is
Bespin Cloud.”

She grabs her friend by the arm and pushes her forward in a presenting manner;
she looks similar to Eatin’ only with auburn colored hair.

“Ah, nice to meet you Miss Cloud, what do you and Eatin’ do for work?” Rex
asks, trying not to stare too much at her assets.

“We do an adult-themed web show about…” She begins but is silenced by Eatin’
putting a hand over her mouth.

“Shhh, there are CHILDREN present!” Eatin’ scolds her.

All three of them look around the restaurant. There is only one kid, who
somehow managed to escape the hot car he was forgotten/trapped in. He is
standing next to a very unhappy looking “parent,” who is ironically wearing a
_Jurassic Park_ shirt that reads, “Something has survived!”

“Well we really must be going, take care mister Rex and don’t forget to call
me when that baby arrives!” Eatin’ hurriedly spits out, whilst pushing Bespin
away.

Rex watches them go, noticing Bespin Cloud’s lower back tattoo is just a bunch
of scribbles like an irritated thought cloud in a cartoon.

“Nice girl, poor tattoo.” Rex thinks objectively to himself, before shouting,
“Take care Miss Waffles, you too Miss Cloud!”

It is finally Rex’s turn to order. Just before he reaches the counter, a
Dianoga eye peeks out of a vat of coffee on a nearby shelf and looks around
cautiously before quickly ducking under again.

“Two almond coffees,” Rex lazily tells the alien serving him. The alien has
difficulty using the cash register with his gooey tentacles.

The guy behind the guy Rex is in front of says, “Oh come on! This is
ridiculous!” as the alien struggles.

Finally, he gets it right, “Dat ill be one tow-sand un-undred dirty ate doll-
ars, seer!”

“Take my arm why don’t you!” Rex mutters as he hands over his money. “Just a
few years ago, coffee was 8 bucks here!”

The guy behind the guy behind Rex erupts, “Yeah, I know! Global warming!
Pffftttt!”

Rex gives an “are you for real?” look to the man, then sighs and begins
walking out the door. The polite and armed man behind Rex steps up to the
counter.

“Alright, who is the wisenheimer that threw that ketchup packet at the back of
my head?” he asks with a yell to the entire restaurant, before collapsing to
his knees and slumping to the ground, dead from an apparent gunshot to the
back of his head.

Seconds before and miles away a community organizer, sporting dreadlocks,
holding a Revolutionary War era musket rifle and standing in front of a group
of children and adult-children was giving a lecture on the Revolutionary War
(since it’s the anniversary of the start of it today).

In a deep baritone he booms, “This is an example of a gun _NOT _used during
the American Revolution. They all just talked it out, organized their
communities, gave back to their communities, _turned their lives arounddddd_,
next thing ya know King George was asking for a peace treaty!”

A smart kid raises his hand and asks, “How come they asked for a peace treaty
if there was no fighting going on?”

“Well….uhhh…it was really all the pilgrims fault!” the community organizer
says in utter frustration, he smacks the rifle in his hand, discharging it.

“Finn biss! See? You see? See how that gun did that all on its own? Everybody
alright?” he rambles, trying to cover up the highly embarrassing accident.

We all know where that shot went…

“Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!” The moron behind the polite and
armed man says like a school kid hearing about a snow day as he steps over the
corpse and to the counter.

“Did anyone call 911?” someone asks, on the verge of laughing.

“Don’t worry I made a hashtag, #pleasestopshootingpeople. We’re good!” the
_Jurassic Park_ shirt wearing “parent” comments calmly.

Obediently and silently everyone in the shop goes back to what they’re doing,
assured by the hashtag that any crisis regardless of magnitude will soon
subside.

As Rex walks to his car, it is mostly quiet, except for some roaring car fires
and sporadic shooting and screaming in the distance. All the children left in
hot cars that he noticed earlier now look like they’re peacefully napping. A
dead alien, killed by some unknown method, lies in the middle of an aisle in
the lot, oozing an incredible amount of slimy green blood. The two angry
motorists who blasted away at each other with mini-guns now both lie dead in
piles of spent cartridges, shot to death not by bullets, but by arrows with
rainbow colored quills. The only other person around is one of the samurai
sword wielding motorists from earlier, who is passively stomping on a brown
robe for some reason. At last, Rex reaches his and Lucy’s SUV. Parked next to
him is a multicolored Volkswagen bug with an ancient dead militant hippy bent
over the front hood. He wears a smiley face shirt, sandals, and has long gray
hair. He has been shot in the head, but in death still grips his Bushmaster
AR-15 rifle as if he died mid-battle with the “establishment.” Rex, intrigued,
puts the coffees on the roof of the SUV, and goes over to the dead militant
hippy. “Ah, the AR-15, the gun that won us Vietnam!” he marvels. “Don’t mind
if I do! Yyyyyyoinkkkk!” Rex merrily comments as he pries the rifle from the
militant hippy’s cold dead hands, with some difficulty. Rex puts the rifle and
the two coffees in the SUV, strapping the rifle into the passenger seat like a
person. He notices a water bottle that he left in the car is bubbling and
boiling from the intense heat of the day. “Guess it really DOES get pretty hot
in an all-black buttoned up SUV on a 100 degree day!” He thinks to himself
with some surprise as he drives off in the SUV, going through a puddle of
green alien blood on the way out of the parking lot.

On his drive back home, Rex casually observes a few more chaotic scenes of
life. A community organizer lying dead, impaled by a picket sign with a baby’s
face on it that reads, “Don’t shoot I want to grow up and smoke weep!” At
another house, a man is watering his hedges, which have all been burnt to a
crisp. At yet another house, an elephant in a bantha costume is calmly
trimming hedges with a motorized hedge clipper. “Ah you know life, ain’t so
bad!” Rex ruminates out loud in the SUV as he pulls onto his street.

The street is relatively quiet aside from some raging fires, a few scattered
corpses, an old man mindlessly strumming a guitar, and someone softly crying
in the distance. Rex pulls into his driveway and gets out of the SUV, coolly,
as if all corpses he passed were just lawn ornaments. His nameless neighbor to
the right, a pale skinned, long haired barefoot man in a flannel shirt and
ripped jeans, is mowing his lawn ineffectually with a manual style lawnmower
like in that one _Doug _episode. He notices Rex and runs over to him all
excited.

“Hey mister Rex!” he greets him gleefully in his quivering voice before Rex
can pull either his newly found rifle or the coffees out of the car.

“Hey…uhhhh.. you!” Rex says, puzzled by the man’s enthusiasm.

“How you been these past few months man? I haven’t seen you around!” the man
elatedly asks, oblivious of the Ban on Life apparently.

“Well, I WAS working till they passed this whole Ban on Life type deal,” Rex
grunts in a frustrated manner.

“Wow man! You have a job?!” the neighbor inquires in a very surprised tone.

“_PART-TIME_!” Rex adds in a strange manner. “They’d only take me part-time,
because the cheap bastards would have to pay for my meds on account of my Gulf
War Syndrome under that “Everyone is Responsible for Everyone Else Act” they
passed last year if they took me full-time.”

“How’d you get so sick mister Rex? Did dark energies get you?” the man asks
incredulously.

“Sort of. Depleted Uranium actually. Had to fire a metric shizz-ton of it
during the good Gulf War. I would’ve gone to the doctor sooner about it, but
my commander, this tough old Nam vet named Dan Page, kept telling me to walk
it off. He was always telling people to walk it off. He once told a legless
Iraqi POW to walk it off. Just between you and me, whoever you are….I was
about to get fired at my job for being late, but my boss didn’t get around to
it before being interrupted by the Ban on Life! Ha! At least one good thing
came out of that stupid ban!”

The man has clearly lost track of what was being said, “Hey, alright!” the man
excitedly says whilst slapping Rex on the back.

“Anyway, how about you?” Rex asks him, returning his pat on the back.

“I’ve pretty much been doing speedballs every twenty minutes for the last four
months, living in a world of shapes and colors,” the man relates casually.

“Can’t say you’ve missed much. I’ve got to get going, wife wants her coffee,
she lets me see her nake-ed!” Rex says happily.

“Coooool! Later mister Rex!” the man says before running off and again
ineffectually mowing his lawn with a manual push lawnmower.

Rex walks in the front door of his and Lucy’s house, coffees in one hand,
AR-15 in the other. “Hi honey! I’m home! Don’t shoot!” he says this like it’s
a normal everyday thing as if on a sitcom. The golden wiener runs out from
behind a couch fort to greet him. “Hey boy! Where’s your mom?” He puts the
rifle down petting the dog. Lucy, now dressed in bright pink tiger stripe
scheme camouflage, slithers out from behind the couch, exactly as if she were
a snake (only with a shit-eating grin). She bolts upright when she reaches
Rex.

“Hey Rexy, oh look what you got me!” she says excitedly as she takes the AR-15
and the coffee. “You’re the best older man husband in the universe!”

She walks away satisfied, her hips swaying seductively like they always do
when she walks. Rex feels annoyed for a second at the loss of his new “toy,”
but then is distracted by her teenage ass.

Finally he breaks out of it, “We have any uninvited guests while I was gone?”
he asks suspiciously.

“Surprisingly…no! There was a mob of anti-violence protestors that came
rampaging through here shortly after you left. They thought we might be armed
in this house, so they just pillaged all our neighbor’s houses instead. There
were gunshots, screams, chainsaws humming, a couple of explosions, it sounded
pretty bad. I think they found a violent movie in our neighbor to the left’s
house, I heard him plead, “It’s only PG-13, come on people!” Then there was
the sound of a lawnmower running and I didn’t hear him again.” Lucy elaborates
all this as she expertly handles the AR-15 whilst drinking the coffee, looking
down its sights, checking its chamber, working its bolt.

“Ah, I just spoke to him this morning. He was against legal firearms ownership
so I guess it worked out for him in the end,” Rex says this without irony or
sarcasm, since the man was apparently lawnmowed to death. Lucy shrugs.

They sit down together at their kitchen table which is pockmarked by bullet
holes.

“How was the outside world?” Lucy asks curiously.

“Ah, you know, the usual, kind of like before the Ban on Life, only worse now
as people are even more desperate and there are still no consequences for
anything,” Rex casually explains, minimizing the chaos.

“See anyone we know?” Lucy asks.

An image comes to Rex’s mind of Eatin’ and Bespin’s delicious asses and their
lower back tattoos. He stares into infinity, mesmerized by the image, before
violently snapping back to reality. “Uhhh, nope! No one!” Rex bluffs to cover
himself.

“So uhhh, what do we do now wife?” he asks as a distraction.

“Well, YOU should go to work mister, while you were gone I heard on the radio
they just introduced a new tax for those who _dare_ to live their lives during
this period where the Ban on Life is in limbo. I’m going to the doctor so we
can see how the little spawn of Satan is doing (pausing here to pat her
stomach), then out hunting for dinner,” Lucy orders this; there is no room for
debate.

“Gawdwwdddd, a new tax? It’s bad enough the tax rate is already 110%! Hey
wait! We don’t have healthcare coverage, how are you going to pay for that
doctor visit?” Rex stands up from the chair, stretching exasperatedly as he
says this before pointing at Lucy for the last part.

She stands up and puts the AR-15 away in a gun safe (see? Responsibility!)
before removing the Winchester Model 1885, she does all this while reminding
Rex in an “I told you so” tone, “Rexy, don’t you remember? Healthcare is FREE
for women and “poor” people! Only working people drawing a salary have to pay
for it silly!”

She pats him on the head, and does the same to the dog who had followed them
into the kitchen.

“Free my ass,” Rex grunts under his breath as he goes upstairs to prepare for
work. Trodding past innumerable bullet holes all over the place as a result of
the federal agent machinegun barrage in _Hot Car 1_.

Prepared for their respective days, Lucy and Rex walk to the end of the
driveway, arm-in-arm, their free arms holding their firearms.

“Uhhh, just where are you going with my rifle dear?” Lucy asks him
suspiciously, she is always territorial about her firearms.

Rex, now dressed in a pink striped polo shirt and tan slacks, answers, “Just
wanted to show it off to the guys at work! Gotta make up for this pink shirt,
pfftt last time I use _that_ laundry detergent!” Rex explains gruffly.

Lucy squeezes his chin, “You’re lucky I get so turned on by your gray hair.”
She flashes her shit-eating grin then does an about face and starts walking
down the street, holding the Winchester Model 1885 at parade rest, her hips
swaying, calling to Rex. He watches her go.

“Be safe dear! Remember, one shot, one kill!” he waves and reminds her in a
caring, soft tone.

“Aaaa-heemmm!” a snobby voice grunts before Rex can even turn back towards the
car. It’s his effeminate male hipster neighbor, who reported him in _Hot Car 1
_for having a gun shaped pop tart in his house. He is standing across the
street from Rex in the driveway of what remains of his house, it is burned
out, skinned, roofless, and the wall of the bathroom has been blown off,
revealing the toilet to be just a bucket. The neighbor crosses his arms over
his chest angrily.

“Uhhh, can I help you?” Rex asks, puzzled.

“Aside from the fact that you two illegally own illegal guns which are
illegal… (He makes an “ew” face).…I also have an issue with your wife’s
hunting! How _dare_ she! How dare she painlessly kill an animal then use it
for food and thus returning its energy to the Earth and continuing the cycle
of life! I’d much rather _MY_ food come from animals painfully slaughtered in
grimy factories then pumped full of cancer causing chemicals, reaped for
corporate profits, then sold for a ridiculous mark up before arriving on my
dinner plate, _thank you very much_! And I say that without a bit of sarcasm!”
The hipster neighbor rants so hard his fake glasses fly off.

Rex stands there wordlessly taking it all in. His house looks pristine and is
undamaged, aside from all of those bullet holes.

“Uhh, look buddy, I’ll live my life, and you can live yours. Let’s just agree
to disagree on this one. Can’t we all just get along?” Rex says extending his
hand for an air handshake.

“But my disagreeing with something makes it wrong and evil!” the neighbor
whines, waving his arms, rejecting the air handshake. “I’d call the police on
you if they weren’t banned and I’d call the community organizers on you if
that Moms Who Love Anal and are Against Violence group didn’t steal my phone!”

Rex sighs, “Look I gotta get to work! Just make a hashtag about it or
something!”

“Work? Whats that?” the neighbor asks, confounded by the concept of work.

Rex puts his rifle in the passenger seat, strapping it in like a person again.

“You’re in for it now man! I’m going to create a hashtag,
#myneighborRexownsaGUNandhiswifehuntsbunnies. You’re dead meat now buddy!” the
neighbor flails on sounding like an authority figure in Twisted Sister music
video.

Rex waves his hand, “MAN is it hot in this car today!” He looks at the in-car
thermometer, it simply reads, “Kuwait.” “Yanno Kuwait in February ain’t that
bad!” Rex remarks as he backs out of the driveway and blasts off into
hyperspace. The old man mindlessly strumming his guitar on the sidewalk,
finishes his song with one loud note.

Rex drives mindlessly and calmly down streets to his workplace, perhaps the
_Love and Death_ version of Troika is playing as Rex takes it all in. Some
streets look untouched, others look like warzones, pedestrians alternate
between acting normally on the warzone streets and crying, screaming, begging,
lying dead, and cowering on the clean streets. All traffic lights are stuck on
one color and everyone gets flashed regardless of what color they drive
through it on. There appears to be no speed limits. Rex passes by an electric
car burning fiercely with charred corpses in the driver compartment, their
blackened limbs reaching out the window in a final act of desperation. Soon
Rex comes to a stop at an apparently working traffic light. A naked man with
hippy hair driving a tractor and shooting an Uzi wildly drives through the
intersection, followed by an elephant (perhaps the one from earlier) carrying
a briefcase and wearing a bowler derby, an Amish buggy where the horses’ legs
don’t move yet it somehow glides along sounding like a race car, a galloping
pack of the Zergling-esque chicken nugget aliens, and a community organizer
(distinguished by their plain white shirts that read, “community organizer” in
red grease pencil) pedaling two aliens on a three person bicycle.

Rex comes to a large five lane street just before his workplace, he can see
the Murrah-esque building on the horizon, with the words, “Scum Co” lit up in
neon green lettering. At an intersection, Rex comes to a stop, aside from him
there is a massive eighteen-wheeler, a pack of goats intermixed with the
teethed chicken nugget aliens, a horse drawn cart, and some man in a suit
driving a mini cooper from a chair on the roof via a system of pulleys. The
crosswalk sign at the intersection allows just ten seconds for a confused
elderly man wearing a shirt that says, “Hey I’m a retired cop” with a smiley
face on it accompanied by Grateful Dead bears, to make it all the way across
the fifty to one hundred yard long street. He walks across the street at a
hilariously slow pace. Everyone eyes him up, even the goats. The light turns
green and everyone blasts off. Upon hearing the click of the light changing,
he stops, startled out of whats left of his mind, and manages to get off in a
frustrated old man bellow, “What the? The damn traffic light tricked me!” He
is then somehow run over by every single vehicle in every single lane, despite
only taking up a square yard worth of space. Even the goats and pseudo-
Zerglings individually trample him.

Rex pulls into his workplace’s parking lot where he has to pay his own company
to park. “Finn biss!” Rex grunts as he takes the parking slip and finds a
space. He gets out of his car, grumbling, and retrieves his newfound AR-15 and
his suitcase. He tucks the AR-15 under the crook of his arm and begins walking
towards his workplace. As he rounds the corner of the parking lot and comes
into view of the security guard at the entrance, the whole scene goes into
slow motion and the “Chariots of Fire” theme begins to play, muting all sound.
The security guard is quite portly and wears coke bottle glasses. When he sees
Rex (particularly the big scary assault rifle he is carrying) his world
immediately shatters, his face goes pale, his mouth gapes open in an O shape,
and he drops his Big Gulp Coffee. His right hand whips to his side as if he
were drawing a gun, but of course he is unarmed, and he only whips out a cell
phone. He types in a tweet, “Rex is finally going on a KILLING SPREE!
#Hesgotagun.” He sends it to the entire Murrah-esque building he is
“guarding.” He stares at Rex, frozen in terror as Rex casually, calmly walks
by smiling like nothing is up, because to Rex, nothing _is _up. After Rex is a
few paces past him, the security guard turns following him with his gaze, he
no longer looks scared though, just curious. Just before the automatic sliding
glass door conceals Rex from view, the guard renders a flabby, sloppy salute
with his cell phone free hand.

Rex’s floor at his workplace is a rabbit’s warren of cubicles with one central
walkway leading down the middle; against the back wall are offices for the
executives. Upon receiving the security guard’s tweet, which immediately
flashes up on all his co-worker’s computer screens interrupting whatever they
were working on; all the worker drones wheel their rolling chairs to the edge
of their cubicles and look down the main walkway towards the elevator. The
elevator opens and Rex unconcernedly walks out, looking straight ahead. His
co-workers stare at him in shock, awe, terror, fear, some put their hands over
their mouths, other’s jaws are agape, and still more meekly gasp. After a few
long seconds of staring at Rex as he makes his way down the walkway, one lone
co-worker slowly, but surely begins a slow clap. After just a few seconds,
more join in; realizing Rex is not there to_ kill_ them but to _liberate
_them. Soon the cubicles on both sides of the walkway are filled with
cheering, clapping, celebrating employees. One man (imitating a famous WWII
photo) weeps tears of joy and waves as Rex walks by. Rex is oblivious for the
most part, aside from a wry smile on his face. The “Chariots of Fire” theme
reaches its crescendo as the employees continue to celebrate. Employees smash
their computers, stomp on their cell phones, toss papers in the air like
confetti, hug each other, two inexplicably grunge female employees kiss
mimicking the famous Times Square WWII photo, some slap Rex on the back as he
walks by, etc. As Rex nears the end of the walkway, an oblivious Gordon Gecko-
esque executive steps out of his office to see what the commotion is. The
nameplates on the offices next to his read, “Diversity Hire” and “Bob Evil”
respectively. When he spots Rex he looks like a deer in headlights, realizing
his jig is up. He grabs a celebrating employee with a Jew-fro and holds him
like a human shield, wielding a stapler for his protection, holding it like
you would a pistol. Rex doesn’t even notice this, “morning chief,” he quips as
he passes them. The executive shoves the Jew-fro employee away and stares
incredulously at Rex as he lazily saunters down an adjacent hall. Gradually,
an evil grin rips across his face as an idea comes to mind…….

Continued in Part Two…

**Trivia:** References include _Hot Car _(also on this site under Xavier Jets), _Mystery Science Theater 3000_, _Postal 2_, the Times Square kiss WWII photograph, the crying French guy WWII photograph, _Spaceballs_, the _Star Wars_ series, the 2014 Isla Vista shooting, _Rocko’s Modern Life_, Jonah Hill, “Chariots of Fire,” the _Star Wars_ filmumentaries, _Catch-22_, _Scooby Doo_, _The Simpsons_, Heyjackass/Second City Cop, the Oklahoma City Bombing, the Army Ranger explains why he quit video, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, The Grateful Dead, _Rampage: World Tour_, _Wondershowzen_, _He was a Quiet Man_, the 1984 McDonalds shooting, the cop accidentally shoots self viral video, _Popcorn Pandemonium_, Red Letter Media movie reviews, _Clancy_, _Plato’s Republic_, _Jurassic Park_, stuffed Garfields on windows, _Perfect Kirby_, the 2014 Malaysian Airlines crashes, _Predator_, _Gun_, _Rambo_, _Barheads_, _No you shut up!_, _Action League Now_, System of a Down, _Doug_, global warming, the Simi Valley man on a tractor rampage, _Battletanx 64_, Ariana Grande, red light cameras, _Wall Street_, _Love and Death_, the Affordable Care Act, Carlos Hathcock, traffic in Argentina, Charles Manson, the 1st Gulf War, Big Gulp drinks, _Heaven is for Real_, _The Three Stooges_, adult website comments, _Dead Alive_, John Frusciante, raising the minimum wage, the August 2014 Ferguson riots, _Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day_, Twisted Sister, _Starcraft_, and _The_ _Red Green Show_.

\--An elephant in a bantha costume is how banthas were created in _Star Wars_.

\--A man on a tractor did go on a shooting spree in California in 2013.

\--There is such a thing as a golden wiener dog.

\--The politician’s speech about parking spaces is taken almost verbatim from
a real life political speech in response to a riot in a park.

\--There is a device you can get to alert you if your child is baking to death
in your car.

\--A community organizer was beat up by anti-violence protestors in real life
after this story was written.

\--It was nearly 80 degrees in December 2015 in New Jersey, making a December
hot car death theoretically possible.

\--A police chief did say the dozens of shootings in his city every weekend
goes “back to the pilgrims.”

