### SAY GOODNIGHT TO THE BAD GUY! by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2016-01-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A fed-up Russian Army conscript working at a missile silo threatens to detonate a nuclear bomb. Two professional wrestling superstars get high. 

* * *

**_Say Goodnight to the Bad Guy!_**

A gaggle of Kalashnikov-wielding Russian soldiers surround a four-armed man
standing over the master control panel at a clandestine nuclear missile silo.
The soldiers all wear tan uniforms like the guards in the Silo level of
_Goldeneye_. They’ve clicked their safeties off, have their fingers on their
triggers, and are all individually lining up shots at that sweet spot on the
human head that will drop their target before he can even furrow his eyebrow.
All they’re waiting on is a phone call from Defense Minister Meaty Mishkin for
permission to open fire.

*********

The four-armed man is actually a two-armed man named Sergei. He’s a Russian
conscript fed up with all the SHIT that is the daily reality of being in the
Russian Army. I mean the constant homoerotic overtones during basic training
were one thing, but the non-existent pay, the -64 degree summer days, the
thousands of kilometers from home….trapped in an all-male unit in an
underground missile silo….for two years? Ah come on!

Now, of course, the Defense Ministry knows all this and that is why they only
give every Russian soldier two bullets per month for target practice, guard
duty, etc. Couple that with the fact that the master control panel in the silo
needs two people to operate it and Operation Sergei’s Last Stand would seem to
be over before it could even start. However, there was ONE and only one useful
skill Sergei learned in his time in the Russian Army……….sewing! Yes, you see,
there are no tailors in the Russian Army, everyone has to sew on their own
ranks, make their own uniform repairs, hem their own pants, etc. It was an
easy way to cut costs and it allowed Poochy (Monsieur Vladimir Putin) to buy
that third Sochi resort home for his 31-years-younger-than-him gymnast
girlfriend.

So what did Sergei do with his only begotten skill? Why, rigged up two dummy
arms and sewed them onto his uniform of course! He ran strings from the dummy
arms to his actual hands so he could move them all at once, he’d need to do
that for this plan of his. See, Sergei thought BIG. Most Russian conscripts go
cuckoo and take out a few lowly slaga and themselves. But Sergei was so mad
that he wanted to take out all of Russia! He’d do something so big that Poochy
would feel it even buried under a thousand ballerina dance troupes!

*************

“I TOLD YOOS NOT TO FACK WIT ME!” Sergei hollers over the braying alarms and
confused shouts of his former comrades.

“Don’t doo eett! Yoos got so mach to look farward to comrade!” one of the tan
clad soldiers shouts over to him.

“Oh yessum? Like vat?” Sergei challenges his comrade to come up with what a
lowly Russian peasant has to look forward to in this lifetime.

For a long minute all is silent (save for the screeching alarms) as Sergei
hunches over the control panel, all four hands on the appropriate levers. The
Russian soldiers struggle to think of something to say to him, some even
shoulder their weapons and subsequently rub their chins in contemplation. One
Russian soldier raises a pointed finger, his face lights up like he came up
with something. He opens his mouth to speak. Suddenly, a thought occurs to him
and he shrinks back to a Thinker-esque pose, looking grim. He thought he could
use a gold medal-winning Russian gymnast as an example, but then remembered
that she too eventually became a stripper.

“Eggzactly!” Sergei mutters just loud enough to be heard over the alarms. With
a quick flick of his four wrists, he prepares to throw the final switch.

“If yoos doo vis Sergei, yoos be the _bad guy_!” one of the soldiers warns him
as a last desperate plea.

Sergei pauses for a moment, seeming to consider “bad guy” status.

“Vell then…say goodnights to the BAD GUY!” Sergei roars as his four arms flip
four levers, instantly launching the silo’s resident nuclear missile into the
still closed topside hatch and causing it to detonate, sending a mushroom
cloud 40,000 feet into the air.

Unbeknownst to Sergei, there were some other secret nuclear missile silos
stationed nearby, all within a hundred kilometer radius of his. Meaning his
single nuclear explosion has now blossomed into a full-on world destroying
nuclear winter. Welp….thanks a lot Serge…..

****************

From the balcony of one of his many Sochi summer resorts, Poochy looks off at
the bright red horizon dotted by half a dozen angry-looking mushroom clouds.
After a few moments of worriedly staring at the nuclear destruction, his
girlfriend, the Russian gymnast joins him.

“Poochy, you look like you have something to say…..do you?” she questions him
in her high-pitched Russian accented voice.

Poochy turns and stares straight at her before announcing in perfectly non-
Russian accented English, “I have to go now, my planet needs me.”

With that proclamation, Poochy hovers straight up, up, and away into the sky
into the stratosphere, and then into space, without the apparent aid of any
flying machine.

Frowning, his former girlfriend crosses her arms over her chest and begins to
sulk as the 5,000- foot tall wall of fire from the blasts rages closer and
closer.

*********

A city is devastated, completely flattened by the blasts. Not a single brick
rests upon another. All life is extinguished, nothing has survived. The sky
itself has turned from a cheery blue to a dull candy apple red and the soil of
the Earth itself has turned coal black.

From a pile of concrete blocks, there is a nigh imperceptible twitch among the
eternal stillness of the dead city. At first, it seems just like ambient
movement or perhaps a remnant gust of the hurricane level winds of the nuclear
blasts. However, it happens again and now it is clear it is not the wind. For
the next thirty seconds the spasms among the sea of cylinder blocks increase
in violence and in frequency until at long last a giant ham-fist of a human
hand bursts through the rubble. Curiously, the hand has a hospital ID bracelet
around its wrist, showing today’s date.

Another violent minute long series of rumbles from the pile then escalates
into a near cataclysmic explosion as a giant 6’5 figure emerges from the
carnage.

It is none other than professional wrestler and former intercontinental
champion Scott Hall/Razor Ramon/The Bad Guy, still wearing his nWo shirt.
Aside from looking a little dazed (he could just be drunk), the Bad Guy looks
perfectly healthy.

“HEY YO!” Scott Hall declares to the now dead world in his deep thunderous
voice whilst standing atop a mound of pulverized concrete.

The dead world, being dead down to a bacterial level, does not respond. Not
even cockroaches have survived the multiple nuclear blasts.

“HEY YO!” Razor Ramon shouts his catchphrase again into the ether, in case it
wasn’t clear the first time.

This time there is a slight convulsion amongst a nearby dune of wreckage.
Could someone else…could _anyone_ else on Earth possibly have survived this
un-survivable apocalypse?

Scott Hall knows the answer.

“Hey Shawn!” he calls out to the adjacent knoll of devastation.

“Yeah, Raze?” a voice immediately answers from the destruction. Not just any
voice, however, but one belonging to professional wrestling superstar, former
three-time world champion, and General of the DX Army Shawn Michaels.
Evidently Shawn had been in the hospital with Scott Hall.

“Is your heart still beating?” Scott Hall asks him, this is a totally serious,
non-sarcastic question.

“Wait a minute…..let me check,” Shawn responds from beneath the tons of
concrete he is buried under.

A solid thirty seconds of silence pass as Shawn checks his own heartbeat, save
for the occasional cooing of the wind, the entire planet is dead silent. You
could drop a sewing needle in Australia and hear it Portland, Maine.

“Yeah!” Shawn affirms excitedly, his heart _is_ still beating.

Razor Ramon stomps off his hill of debris and over to Shawn. When he arrives
at Shawn’s spot, he reaches into his pocket and produces a mysterious white
substance surrounded by a couple of generic pills. He subsequently casually
rips away a cylinder block with one hand and lowers the handful of the drugs
down to Shawn with the other.

“Here….take half of this,” Scott Hall advises him, being an expert on the
subject.

Pulling his arm back out of the hole, Shawn having gotten his share, Razor
Ramon stands tall on the embankment of crushed concrete and dutifully swallows
the other half of the “dose.” He smiles his trademark Bad Guy grin after
taking it all in big one gulp, appropriately his eyes roll back in his head.

And then together, perhaps the last two men left out of the entire human race
proceed to get HELLA fucked up.

**Trivia:** References include _Goldeneye 64_, _The Simpsons_, Scott Hall/Razor Ramon/The Bad Guy, _Scarface_, _Timesplitters 2_, Shawn Michaels, the World Wrestling Federation, the ESPN Scott Hall documentary, the Scott Hall “Hey Yo” compilation, _Doug_, the incident on Russian submarine K-157, _Independence Day_, and the Epic Beardman video.

\--Russian conscripts do only get two bullets per month so they can’t go on
rampages due to harsh treatment.

\--The four-armed rig that Sergei uses was inspired by a similar four-armed
rig worn by someone cosplaying as Goro from _Mortal Kombat_.

\--There was a gold medal winning Russian Olympian who later became a
burlesque dancer.

\--Slaga is slang for lowly Russian conscript.

\--Soldiers in many of the world’s armies are required to sew stuff onto their
own uniforms.

\--In the incident on Russian submarine K-157, a fed-up Russian conscript did
threaten to cause a nuclear explosion.

\--Putin’s girlfriend is a 31-years-younger than him gymnast.

\--Josef Stalin had a summer resort in Sochi.

\--The homoerotic overtones, the miserable conditions, the harsh
treatment….it’s true….all of it…about the Russian Army.

