### FINGER POWER by maybelline

**Date Added:** 2016-01-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

**Finger Power: **

**an essentially (if not totally) true story**

Just before I got off the bus, I noticed a paddy-wagon parked outside my
place.

It had not been a good week already. By Friday lunchtime, I had already
decided to take some time on my own, preferably with a bottle of red (or even
two); and so I’d awarded myself an early-mark. There'd be cricket on Foxtel,
if it wasn't still raining in Mumbai. Now, rain or shine, the cops were
waiting for me.

It couldn't be the car. That had gone at the beginning of the week. Well, it
was still there, in the garage with the battery disconnected, since Monday
afternoon, because John Eric Riley wouldn't be driving anywhere for the next
three months, the magistrate had intoned. I still blame the breath mints.
That, and the fact that I had bothered to upset her by arguing my case. We are
all supposed to shut up and cop it these days.

It couldn't be the dog. Yes, it should have had a tag, but that was Wednesday
– slipped its collar and got picked up just around the corner. Some busybody
told the Council man that it was mine. Now I had to find someone to drive me
to the pound.

It certainly couldn't be the train-ticket. I'd only been without the car for
four days, and hadn't quite got into the routine of taking the new-fangled
whizz-card out of my other pants the next morning. If the cops were on to that
one already after the moderately courteous (really!) discussion I reckoned I'd
had with the chap on the barrier at Central Station a few hours ago, they must
have very little to do.

I took my usual short-cut through the school car-park. It was almost going-
home time, and the armada of four-wheel-drives, 20 or more times and probably
more than 400 times the weight of the littlies they were picking up,
temporarily blocked my view.

Once I got past the Turramurra Tractors, or Balmain Bull-dozers (pick your
suburb; pickyour alliterative euphemism), I could see that although the paddy-
wagon was parked outside my place, it was my next-door neighbour who was
having the pleasure of entertaining two boys in blue on her front veranda.

I quickened my step. I knew George had been in hospital for the last ten days.
He'd taken a fall and broken a hip while doing a dance with his "child bride"
– Marnie was about 83 – to celebrate what he claimed was his ninetieth
birthday. The doctors had felt obliged to operate to repair the damage, even
though there was a serious risk of his not recovering from the anaesthetic.

By this point I could now pick out that the older of the officers was a
sergeant, who seemed to be quietly enjoying himself. He'd been around, you'd
imagine, seen it all; he looked a bit weather-beaten, probably close to
retirement, with a girth that betrayed too much drinking to forget impossible
promotion applications.

The young constable was doing all the talking, and seemed agitated. It was
hard to believe he was old enough to have a badge, let alone a gun. He must
have been in his first week on the job; you could almost hear him trying to
remember what he'd been taught to say next.

Marnie saw me first: "Thank goodness you're here. These" (an indignant snort)
"want me to go with them in that."

I expressed surprise – mildly – I'm always careful when there are police
around. The young constable mumbled something about "necessary
identification". It made no sense to me at all. The smile on the sergeant's
face was by now almost a grin.

"Constable, would you like me to explain to this gentleman?"

The sergeant paused. The constable looked at the sergeant: not a flicker. He
looked at Marnie: tight lips. He looked at me: I shrugged my shoulders, but
very sincerely.

The constable decided it was up to him to break the silence. "Do you…?"

The sergeant cut him off with an air of elaborate sympathy: "You see, because
Mr Adams has died IN hospital, where he was admitted as the result of AN
accident, there must be AN inquest and A formal identification of THE deceased
made in the Coroner's Court."

I gulped, and moved to hug Marnie, who understandably started to cry again at
this crude and impersonal statement of George’s passing.

She sobbed that she had been called to the hospital that morning, and had been
with George when he died. Through the tears, she was angrily protesting about
going anywhere with anyone, but especially with them and in that.

I was on her side. What was the hassle? Why a paddy-wagon? The least I could
do was to offer to go and "identify" George, which was a total nonsense – as
if we all didn't know perfectly well who he was anyway. Yes, I'd known him for
a long time; yes, I could make a statement for the coroner; ok, would I mind
getting in the car.

Easier said than done. I wasn't going in the cage. And those wagons are not
made by the van company that has the ads with the three sumo wrestlers up
front. Any leg-room which might have been intended for a third occupant had
been taken up with radio equipment and the operating switches for the lights
and sirens. It was worse than cattle-class on Qantas. The thought flashed
through my mind that there wouldn't be too much use in a paddy-wagon for a
hostess call-button, but I took one look at the cops on either side of me and
decided to keep that to myself.

We had about five kilometres to go to the morgue. No one spoke the whole way.
That suited me fine.

Once there it was all pretty quick. I went in, took a look at George and said
who he was. The constable hung around outside and tried not to look at anyone.
The sergeant had us out again in under a minute, and off to the police station
next door to take down a statement.

They had all the latest computer gear set up, but the sergeant stuck to the
two-finger Remington keyboard method with about seven “originals” and six
sheets of carbon-paper. We started with full name, address, date of birth, you
know the sort of thing. Reading over his shoulder, I made the mistake of
pointing out that I lived in "Princes Street", not "Princess Street". I should
have kept that to myself too. The sergeant pointed out that he was the one
taking the statement – accuracy wasn’t one of the criteria.

At the end, it was all handed over to me to sign. I figured that if carbon-
paper would serve for the rest of the statement, it would serve for my
signature as well. The sergeant almost had a fit. Apparently I should have
known that I had to sign each one individually. When I offered to do that, the
sergeant quickly signalled that I needn’t bother.

The constable was called over to witness my signature ("That way, if there's
any problem with this mess-up, he'll have to explain it," the sergeant
confided).

The constable was still a little nervous about all this, and it was probably
his first experience of dealing with a corpse, and the sergeant with gleeful
malice sent him off to view George again, and make sure we had the correct
identification. When the constable returned, a whiter shade of pale, he was
sent off to get the wagon.

We'd just started off on the trip home when the police radio crackled into
life with a report of an armed hold-up in progress at a local bank. Which
bank? You've got it. I'd have a clear view of it through the school car-park,
now that those mums must have taken their tractors home.

I made another mistake: I mentioned how easily the bank could be seen from my
place. The constable started to accelerate. The sergeant said nothing. The
constable's left hand drifted onto my knee, until he realised that whatever
he'd made contact with wasn't going to turn on any lights or sirens. Meanwhile
the sergeant was taking a serious professional interest in a couple of well-
tanned teenage midriffs waiting at a bus-stop.

The paddy-wagon started to edge out of its lane; we were up to about 80 Ks.
The sergeant appeared to be dropping off to sleep. The right-hand wheels
started to run up on the median strip of the Highway. The sergeant yawned. The
Constable's hand edged back toward those switches. I moved my knee.

"You see, Mr Riley." The lights were now flashing and the siren sounding; we
were up to 90, but the sergeant was speaking quietly under the racket. "This
is a police veeHICKle, and we have received AN emergency call. Normally we
would proceed TO the scene of the complaint AS rapidly as possible. On this
occasion, however, we have IN the veeHICKle a member of the general public,
namely yourself, Mr Riley, and we are quite unable to expose a member of the
general public to any sort of danger, such as might occur if we were to
respond to this particular call, for example by exceeding the indicated speed
limit."

It was the Constable's turn to cry; well, almost. It was painful to watch him
trying to decode all this information, which had been addressed to me as if he
simply wasn't there.

I began to think the week wasn't ending up so badly after all. At least I
didn't have to get a veeHICKle with siren sounding and lights flashing off a
median strip and back down to 60 and into the traffic flow while pretending
nothing unusual was happening. And I didn't have to worry about what the
sergeant was going to let fly with once they'd dropped me off.

I wasn't really surprised that they didn't go anywhere near the bank, but sped
off in the opposite direction before I'd quite made it as far as the footpath.

I gave Marnie the full account of what had happened, and she burst out
laughing. We drank a couple of toasts to George, who must have been having a
good chuckle too, wherever he was watching from. Marnie chatted on for a
while; she needed someone to talk to – the family would be flying up over the
weekend – so I was glad I was there for her in the meantime.

It wasn't late when I jumped the fence home, but I never did get to see the
cricket. Twenty wickets fell that day, and Australia lost by thirteen runs. A
lot of people blamed the pitch, but I reckon after my week of encounters with
petty officialdom, I'd have been keeping a pretty close eye on the umpires.

