### Venom Red by JamesMcCann

**Date Added:** 2008-03-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   
I awoke when I heard a noise, a loud clang! or some other anonymous sound that
was foreign to me now, but in the back of my mind I knew I would be getting
used to over the next eighteen years.  
  
It's funny, for the first second I was awake I didn't even realise where I
was. I was still blissfully unaware of my surroundings, my location. I was
half expecting to see my Anna, cup of tea in her hand for me, enter through
our bedroom door, smelling as she always did of Hyacinth. It was just the soap
she'd apply heavily each morning, but at eight AM it was a reminder that I was
a somebody and that I was with the most amazing woman in the world.  
  
Then it hit me like a heavyweight's hook. Second number two. The realisation
that I was in a square of brick so small that if I kept my shoulder on the
edge of the bed my feet could touch the wall on the other side of this grey,
cold tomb.  
  
Sitting here now, I can easily see why so many inmates write books or leave
with degrees. This is easily the most boring place on Earth. The walls are
bare and cold, the "bed" is nothing more than a hard platform with a blue-grey
blanket that I spent last night on top of due to it being soiled with vomit
and urine and blood and who knows what else on the underside.  
  
This rooms breeds fear. I'm looking at what those in the know call "an 18". It
means I'm going away on a holiday for eighteen years on Her Majesty's orders.
And all because of an argument that should have happened weeks before it did,
but was foolishly kept bottled up, buried deep below the surface, like a spot
that's crying out to be squeezed and popped, erupting like a volcano.  
  
It should have been dealt with in the first few weeks, it's always better to
get the relationship's fist fight out of the way in the first month, when
you're still in the phase of sleeping with each other at any given minute.
Angry sex can be good sex. Very good.  
  
Unfortunately I was just too insecure to risk an argument. I couldn't believe
Anna was with me to begin with and I sure as Hell didn't want to mess things
up. I always held the thought in the back of my mind that she would eventually
leave me, but I didn't want it to be because of a dumb argument that could've
been avoided by my holding my tongue.  
  
What was she doing with me anyway? Here I am, nothing to look at, a paunch
that leaves a dent when I take my jeans off, with a go nowhere job and not
exactly a king's ransom in my bank account.  
  
Then there's her, Anna. She's around 5'8, long brunette hair that shines like
the girl's in the conditioner adverts, that cascades down to her smooth
Mediterranean-skinned shoulders. She's more beautiful than any words could
ever express, and I swear on all that I hold dear she has this spark in her
chestnut-brown eyes.  
  
Everything was great, except for the paranoid fears that she'd leave me, and
then we went shopping. That was it, that's all it was. It was my own fault, I
instigated the whole thing. I was tired and hungry and I'd had more than
enough of hanging around clothes stores, seemingly alone, while the angel with
the Mediterranean skin tried on different summer dresses in the changing room.  
  
Yes, she looked absolutely stunning in a white gingham top with red roses on
it, but as good as she looked in the summer shirt, it wasn't enough to make me
bare the looks I was getting off the other women shoppers. "Pervert!" their
glares appeared to scream.  
  
"What do you think of this one?" she quizzed as she emerged from the changing
room in a long orange dress, with what I think now was sunflowers patterned on
it. Even with the Kent accent she's still perfect.  
  
"I don't care"  
  
"Hmm?"  
  
"I don't care. They all look the same. Can we go now?"  
  
I impatiently snapped a her. In a way, I was completely honest and truthful.
They did all look the same on her, she was God's ideal when he created woman,
and regardless of what she wore it was obvious she was created by deity.  
  
At the time, stood in that over-crowded clothes store, with the changing room
assistant, probably no more than 16, 17, looking through a wall of Clearasil,
I couldn't think about anything other than how someone here was taking a
liberty by making me hang around for so long.  
  
Sat in the police cell now, with the foul, repugnant stench of other people's
urine attacking my sense of smell, I now realise that her eyes were not filled
with hate or anger, like mine were, but with hurt. I can't believe that I, me
of all people, could possibly hurt her, this angelic beauty.  
  
Words were said, bad, hard words. I couldn't tell you now what it was I said,
I can't really recall what either of us said, but I know every word that
spilled out over my lips was a lie. It must've been. How could anyone possibly
even start to believe that she could do anything wrong?  
  
I started out of the shop, the automatic doors just barely registering my
presence to open, and I caught my left shoulder on the door as I left. I can't
say for certain what was going through my mind, but it's a safe bet that the
humiliation of banging my shoulder on the door as I made my exit, and with all
those people seeing it, didn't help matters.  
  
People instinctively got out of my way as I walked along the store fronts to
get to my car. It was a shame I was in such a rage, because it was the kind of
late-spring day that you wait all year for when you live in Britain. It was a
beautiful day, the sun was just starting to contemplate setting and the breeze
was warm, the kind that you actually enjoy and that you're sure Frank Sinatra
must've sang about.  
  
However I was seeing nothing but red, and all I wanted was to punish someone.
I wanted to punish someone for my stupidity. All it would have taken on my
part was to tell Anna I was bored and I was just going outside. She would've
understood that, and everything would've been okay. But no, I let my stupidity
get in the way, and for that I was, and still am, very angry.  
  
I sat in my car and turned the key. Nothing. I turned it again and again
nothing. The car's out-right refusal to start, the ignition rebelling against
the key's command to turn the engine was doing nothing more than getting my
blood pressure higher and higher.  
  
"Come on you stupid fucking thing!" I yelled at the dashboard while slamming
my hands on the steering wheel, simultaneously rocking the car and spraying
the inside of the windscreen with spit.  
  
The car started, as though sensing the trouble it was in, and shot out of the
small space and into the main strip of road in the car park, like a fast jab
shot out at by a boxer that you're only aware of because the other guy's head
rocked back.  
  
CRASH! A silver Mercedes came out of nowhere and in an instant hit my car full
force in the passenger side door, spinning my car around. I thought maybe I
should've been looking before pulling out, but I had no control over the
sudden jerk of the car, and how fast must this guy have been going to cause me
to spin?  
  
Of course, none of this penetrated my mind at the time. Only one thing did,
and it was what I yelled, at the point of impact. "Anna!". The Mercedes hit
the passenger side, Anna's side in my car. Whoever was behind the wheel
could've seriously hurt my Anna, whoever was behind the wheel of the Mercedes
was about to pay.  
  
I leapt out of my car and made my way to the driver's side of the Mercedes.
What really angered me, what really made me want to hurt the driver of the
Mercedes, was the fact that he hadn't gotten out of the car. More than that,
he was still clutching the steering wheel, wearing his seat belt, and swearing
at me.  
  
From what I could see, he was probably around 5'8, with short, flat topped
hair, designed to hide the hair line that was fast receding away from his
face. His grey suit looked a good size too small, and the red tie was almost
the same shade as his face.  
  
"Get out!" I demanded at my reflection in the driver's seat window, and no, I
didn't recognise myself. The reflection of the man who I saw was a maniac, a
spitting, ferocious animal, who was baying for blood.  
  
"Look what you've done to my car! I've only had it three weeks!". What was he
expecting me to do when he said that? Was he seriously entertaining thoughts
that I would apologise for him hitting me and making injuring my Anna a
possibility? What was he expecting me to do? Probably nothing. He was just
angry, but nowhere near as angry as me. Which he was about to find out.  
  
"Get out!" I demanded again, this time without leaving him any option. I
yanked open his door, causing it to bounce back on it's hinge and hit me in
the back of my right leg. "Now!" I hissed , spraying his beet red face with my
spit as I pronounced the "W".  
  
He was frozen with fear. All he wanted was to be a million miles away from
here, maybe tucked away in his dreary little semi-detached house out in the
suburbs. He wanted to run, God, how his mind was urging him to run right now,
but his legs were weighed down by concrete shoes, and paralyzed with fear he
was stuck were he was.  
  
BANG! I unleashed a vicious right hook into his face, but it landed too high
and did little more than open up his left eye brow, releasing a gusher of
blood which shot out and up from his face. Tiny speckles of claret were
sprinkled across the windscreen and along my arm. The ceiling of the car
directly above his head looked like a small galaxy of millions of red stars.  
  
I'm sure, as positive as I can be, that someone must've screamed, but I didn't
hear it. For whatever reasons, I was deaf. It was like I was underwater,
everything muffled. And I couldn't see anything other than what was directly
in front of me. Any and all peripheral vision I had was long gone.  
  
I reached over and unbuckled his seat belt, smacked him in the face twice
more, splitting the sides of his nostrils, rendering them nothing more than
bloody flaps hanging off his face. I still wasn't done.  
  
Dragging his body out of the car, I unloaded a barrage of knees to his
stomach, doubling him over as the breath left his body and pain replaced it.
Quite by accident, I lifted my right knee up into his face at a hell of a
velocity, lifting his body slightly as he rocked back, recoiling from the
force of the blow.  
  
His face was now awash with blood, as though he were wearing a crimson mask,
the thick goo hanging from his no rearranged features as opposed to dripping
off. I held him by the collar, leaned into him and yelled "Do you realise what
you could've done to her?!" . There was no sense to be made of my question, as
I was the only on in my car, and there was no answer to be had from Mercedes
Driver, as his brain had been snapped back and forth, to and fro, so many
times in the last minute that he was no sleeping.  
  
Once I'd let go, his limp, rotund body slumped to the ground in a messy, red
heap. I volleyed his head before it hit the warm concrete, spraying the blood
up my leg and across the small space, as though someone had dropped a red egg
from a great height.  
  
And then I was looking at the unconscious driver's face, at eye level, with
two large men holding me down, one futily attempting to read me my rights.
Then I was thrown into the back of a car and driven away to the only place I
could possibly go after a display like that.  
  
After being "checked in" at the station, I was thrown in here, this depressing
little hell hole, where I broke down and cried. I cried for some reason that I
can't place. Maybe it was some kind of comedown after the violence? Maybe it
was the realisation that I was in a police station? Maybe it was a whole host
of things that had been building up, and today was their day for venting?  
  
Whatever it was, it was nothing compared to the uncontrollable sobbing roughly
an hour later (they took my watch so I'm not certain) when it all hit me about
Anna. There was every chance that she'd seen me unload on the guy and would be
too scared to ever be near me again.  
  
I'd managed to hurt and scare my beautiful angel, all in the space of a few
minutes.  
  
What if that was it? What if I got sent down and she didn't know about what
happened and she just thought I'd left? What if the last time I ever saw Anna,
my beautiful, beautiful Anna, I was yelling at her because I was bored?  
  
My initial reaction was to damn and condemn everyone and everything. It was
her fault for taking me there! It was the Mercedes Driver's fault for running
into me! It was God's fault for letting all this junk happen!  
  
"Ya hear me, God?" I yelled at the dull white ceiling, "it's all your fault!".  
  
And now, now I'm praying that I don't get sent down. Praying that the driver
didn't die. Praying that I'll see Anna again, oh God, please just let me see
her again, even if it's only to say I'm sorry, just let me see her one more
time.  
  
And her I am praying. Praying to a God that a few hours ago I was condemning.  
  
The cell door opens, and the arresting officer just stands there, looking at
me like I'm scum. Maybe I am? "Get up, we're leaving". My heart sinks. The
driver's dead, he must be. I'm going to be taken now to a proper prison, where
I'll be held on remand for a year before being sentenced to the 18 I spoke of
earlier.  
  
I stand up and the dried blood that coats my right sock cracks, an instant
reminder of what I did and why I'm in here, as though there was any way I
could ever forget. I'll forget the hurt look I put in Anna's eyes before I
forget what I did to that man, and I'll never, as long as I draw breath, ever
forget the pain that I forced into those brown eyes of my angel.  
  
The check in sergeant looked up from his paper work as though he was doing me
a favour, then said "The thing about scum is, scum always slips up" as he
dropped the contents of a manila envelope onto the desk that stood between the
two of us.  
  
I picked up my black leather strapped watch with the picture of Mickey Mouse
on the face that I'd had since I was a small child. Perhaps like the Mercedes
Driver's child, then those thought hit me. What if the man had a wife, a
child, a family that depended on him? I have ruined an entire family, just
because I was angry at myself for getting angry.  
  
Then I slipped on the Claddagh ring that Anna had bought me. I had told her in
our second week that my Irish grand mother had told me about them when I was
six, just before she dies in a car crash. The ring is just a pair of hands
either side of a heart, with a crown on top. The idea is that if you're with
someone, you wear it with the heart pointing towards you, if you're single you
wear it pointing away. I didn't know which way to wear it.  
  
It was only at this point that I wondered why they took my ring away. Ties and
shoe laces you can kill yourself with, how exactly was I going to hang myself
with a silver ring?  
  
Then we all just stood there, the three of us, the sergeant, myself and the
arresting officer, looking at each other like idiots. Each of us waiting for
the other to move first.  
  
"Well?"  
  
I had no idea what the hell the sergeant was talking about.  
  
"Does he know?" the sergeant asked the arresting officer. His question was met
with a shake of the head.  
  
Sergeant then explained, in detail, about how the Mercedes Driver was what
they call a "known face". He had, some years ago, been arrested and then flung
himself down some stairs then successfully sued the police for beating him.  
  
Due to the ferocity of the attack, none of the witnesses were willing to make
a statement , let alone testify, for fear of comeback. These people clearly
didn't know me. The thought of actually going to their house to look for a
fight turned my stomach when I heard it.  
  
What it all boiled down to, was that I was free. The driver wasn't dead, he
was just really banged up, swollen to twice his normal size, but he wasn't
going to press charges as the police made it clear, in the few times he was
awake, that they really weren't that bothered and would make it hard for him.  
  
So, I beat man into bloody unconsciousness in front of a hundred witnesses,
and only had to spend the night in the local nick. I wasn't actually charged
with anything, and received no punishment. You have to love the British law.  
  
I walked down the little ramp outside the station's front door, shielding my
eyes from what was a blindingly bright sun, and proceeded to make my way
across the small car park. It was only quarter to nine in the morning and I
just wanted to get home. Then I smelled Hyacinths.  
  
"Shut up" I told myself, "you're just imagining it because you've spent the
last few hours contemplating being inside for eighteen years for killing a
man". But no, it wasn't my mind playing tricks on me, it was my angel.  
  
I turned to my left to see her running towards me, wearing an old blue
t-shirt, that must be at least five years old. She was wearing my shirt, which
I've read women do a lot when their husbands go to jail as it helps remind
them of their man.  
  
She cleared the last five feet in a bound, and hugged me. I have never
clutched anyone or anything as tightly as I hugged her now. "I am so sorry".
It was all I could get out before getting a lump in my throat, both of us
trying valiantly to hold back tears, and both of us failing.  
  
"What I...I saw yesterday, I-" I interrupted her, "I will never hurt you,
ever". I only hoped she believed me. I don't think I could stand to lose her,
win her again just to lose her. "I know" she said, soothingly, "I know". We
decided to talk about it all, everything, at home.  
  
I grabbed her head with both hands and kissed her ,as though that would
somehow express to her how much she meant to me, and how glad I was that I
hadn't lost her.  
  
"I know" she told me, "I know", and off we went, home.  
  
THE END  

