### Out Of Distriction by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2011-08-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When drug smuggling reaches his limits. 

* * *

**This is my first story i've written for this site. Its a small story based on a 100 pages large filmscript i have written myself. If this story will be post, i want the readers to know that this is just the beginning of the story. **

****  
Nick Bentley, a 29-year old police officer working for the MDPD, gets his
second case since he is working for the MDPD. The young Nick is new in Miami
en his colleagues are still underestimate him. When he is investigating a
murder, he finds out that this is just the beginning of something big. To gain
more information about the case, he visits Shayne Jackson, a elite
streetracer, that was once his best friend and colleague at the beginning of
both their police carreer. Shayne only got caught while he was driving drugs
for a friend of him to help him out of trouble. While they meet each other
again after three years, Shayne is a bit frustrated to meet Nick again while
he finds that Nick has let him down. After they have a little talk, Shayne is
not giving anything what is useful for Nick except a name of a woman called
Kate Green. Kate is know as a "killer" because she is the girlfriend of the
son from a powerfull drugsbaron in Miami.

While Nick tries to come in contact with Kate, Shayne has been released from
jail after three years. Shayne is free again and is back home where his
younger brother Rick is living too. But the fact is that after a few days
after the return of Shayne, Rick has been killed. Because of this, Shayne
wants to wreck his brother and from now is involved in Nick's case. To find
out who has killed his brother, he's forced to race again to get in a team for
operation_ Crystal Crash _where he again is catching up with Nick, who also
tries to be part of the team because of his case. Shayne wins but Nick
finishes second and also get's his place in the team.

To not put themselves in trouble, Shayne and Nick try to avoid each other like
they don't know the other. Before the operation begins they meet the big boss
for who they are working for: David Simms, leader of the San José gang.
David's son is a huge fan of Shayne so Shayne meets also Kate. The two of them
will build up feelings for each other during this story. For the operation to
attack the Cubans, the other big drug smuggling gang of Miami, the four
drivers including Shayne en Nick are heading to one of their buildings.
Eventually the are driving into a ambush because they are set up. Only Shayne
and Nick survive the ambush while this event reaches news and forved the MDPD
to put Nick on non active. Shayne finds out about a leak inside the San José
gang. Eventually he knows that the leak is Kate Green, but to not put her into
trouble and end his way to the murder of his brother, he doesn't let anybody
know that he knows all about this. Kate goes a steph further when she kills
David and puts the blame on the Cubans. This leads to a gangwar between The
Cubans and The San José gang.

Shayne desides to visit Nick who despirately wants to solve the case, eaven if
he's now put on non-active. Shayne and Nick deside to pay a visit to the son
of David Simms, named Ray Simms. The three of them plan a attack against the
Cubans. Ray gets two other members of the gang for the second attack who will
help Shayne and Nick while himself will stay home. While Shayne and Nick are
again with the Cubans, they discover Kate is the daughter of the leader from
the Cubans! While the other two have found the diamants of the Cubans they try
to flee but before they can take a good change, they are discovered. A Pursuit
follows which ends in a deadly crash for Shayne and Nick. By the use of gun
shots they wake up in the headquarters of the Cubans. They both are questioned
by no one else than Kate. Kate explains about her murdering David Simms. David
misused his powers on the people of Miami. Now she had her revenge she would
try to stop the two biggest drug smuggling gangs so that the rivalry would be
spread out again to the small gangs and the prices would lower to normal
again. Then Shayne wants to know why they are taken where after she releases
their cuffs and leaves but let the door open.

When Shayne and Nick are back at Nick's house, Nick tells to Shayne that he
wants to prevent a bloothbad, that will happen in Miami. Shayne doesn't care
about that issue and only wants to wreck his brothers death. While Shayne is
back at his house, he gets a vist from kate. She say's that she has not much
time left and that she knows who killed Shayne's brother. Shayne offers her
protection which she accepts. But when Shayne and Kate are leaving Shayne's
house, three blinded cars arrive. Shayne and Kate head back into the house and
lay down on the floor while fifteen mobsters are shooting at the house. Shayne
crawls into the basement and calls Kate to do the same. Just in time they are
leaving the garage on Shaynes motor to a port nearby. Shayne has a adress
there where Kate can hide as long as she is in danger. Nick is going back to
the police station and tells about the gangwar but nobody believes him. His
boos eventually wants him out of the departement directly.

Shayne picks up Nick but does not say anything about his brothers killer
neither about Kate. They both try to agree about what they are going to do but
Nick doesn't want to kill for revenge. Shayne goes by himself and arrives into
a gunfire between him and five other henchman of Garcia Gonzalez IV, his
brother's killer and leader of The Cubans. Nick soon arrives and can prevent
that Shayne would end up death. Together they win the gunfight and Nick
arrests the five men who deny they have murdered Shayne's brother (Shayne was
told these five had killed his brother). Nick points out that a lot of people
will get killed if they don't do anything about the almost starting gangwar.
Shayne gives his needs for revenge on his brother up for a while to help Nick
avoid a bloothbad. When the two arrive in downtown Miami they both see there
is no gangwar! Then Nick reminds something Kate said to him and now he knows
where the real gangwar is. Shayne and Kate are racing to Key Biscane, Miami,
where they encounter a negotiation between The Cubans and San José. Shayne
will start the gangwar so that Nick can reach the MDPD for back-up. A few
Cubans are leaving in a boat with the drugs and the money. Shayne saw that and
starts a pursuit with Nick to stop the Cubans from getting away. The Cubans
start shooting at Shayne and Nick but without succeeding. When they are out of
amo, Shayne jumps from his boat on the one where The Cubans are in where he
fights with two Cubans. The other one is nobody else than Kate herself! Nick
arrives next to Kate and Shayne and doesn't know what to do. Meanwhile the
MDPD has taken care of the gangwar and a heli is on his way to Shayne, Nick
end Kate. Shayne and Nick exchange of boat so Nick has now the boat with the
drugs and the money. Also Kate goes to the other boat. Nick goes back to the
port while Shayne and Kate leave to Cuba where Kate will be save for the
gangs. Shayne and Kate spend one romantic night before Shayne is going back in
his boat to Miami.

In Miami he is picked up by Nick and the two of them need to give theire
statement of the things that happened around the last time. Shayne's record
will be removed and Nick will be one again rehired as a MDPD cop. When Shayne
and Nick leave the building they both say goodbye. But before Shayne leaves,
Nick wants to know where he's going to. Shayne answers that question by that
he doesn't know himself, but that he still has a mission to finish. Then
Shayne leaves while Nick goes the other way walking back to his house.

_Two years later: Shayne enters Los Angeles and meets a local drug smugglers
named Horatio Valera. This is adventure will be told in Out Of Distriction: LA
Breakdown._

