### Booze Run by JimRooke

**Date Added:** 2008-04-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** It seemed like a good idea to hijack a lorry load of stolen whisky from the original thieves. I mean, they couldn't very well compplain to the police. But... 

* * *

I see from the evening paper that an unidentified body has been found in a
wood near Canterbury. The police haven't released many details yet. They just
say that it's a white male aged between thirty and forty-five.  
  
Why should that interest me? I'll tell you if you promise to keep it to
yourself.  
  
About six months ago, my pal Syd came to me with what sounded like an almost
foolproof plan to make a bit of tax free profit. I should explain at this
point that Syd is a little man with big ideas. He likes to think of himself as
a mastermind, but unfortunately, most of his big plans tend to go disastrously
wrong. However, on this occasion I couldn't see any serious flaws.  
  
It seems that Syd had joined a mob that had knocked off a quantity of scotch
whisky. I must say I was surprised to hear that. Syd isn't the man to join
other gangs. He prefers to organise his own. But there was a method in his
apparent madness. Syd may not be quite the big brain that he'd have you
believe, but there is one thing that he can do better than anyone else that I
know. And that's drive. Syd can drive anything from a moped to an articulated
juggernaut, and what he doesn't know about engines isn't worth knowing.  
  
So this mob had contracted Syd to drive a lorry load of stolen scotch from
their warehouse in Birmingham, to their customer in London. Not very
difficult, but if the police stopped him for any reason and became suspicious,
it was Syd who took the rap. Since he was not a known associate of the
Birmingham gang there was nothing to connect them to the whisky. They were
paying him quite well, but Syd has an expensive life style and he reckoned
that he deserved a bit more.  
  
"This is what we'll do," he said to me. "I'll leave Birmingham with the load
and drive south down the M1. The boys will watch me for a bit, but once I'm on
the motorway I'll easily lose them."  
  
This I could believe. As I say Syd's a master driver.  
  
"I'll leave the M1 a little way past Coventry and meet you in a lay-by. You'll
be driving a rented van. We'll transfer the scotch to your van and return to
the motorway. We'll pull in at the first service station that we come to and
I'll get into the van with you. It'll be a while before the boys find the
lorry and then they won't be able to do anything. I mean, they can hardly go
to the fuzz seein' as how they stole the stuff in the first place."  
  
So far so good. It certainly sounded foolproof.  
  
"How about disposin' of it?" I asked.  
  
"Already arranged. I've got a pal who owns a hotel in France. He's agreed to
buy it."  
  
"France?" I was startled. "How do we get it over there?"  
  
"In the van. I've got another pal in the French customs at Calais. He'll see
we get through all right. He'll want a share of the profit, but it'll be worth
it."  
  
Apart from his driving ability, Syd's other big attribute is his collection of
pals in useful places that he's carefully cultivated over the years.  
  
I thought about it for a few minutes. The only snag that I could see was the
possibility that the British authorities at Dover might start poking about in
the van, but Syd seemed to think this unlikely.  
  
"O.K." I said. "I'm in. We'll do it."  
  
I won't bore you with the details of the plan. Suffice it to say, we hired a
plain green van and I drove it to a lay-by just off the M1, where Syd joined
me with the gang's lorry. The whisky was hidden in straw filled boxes labelled
with the name of a well known brand of cat food. It took us about twenty
minutes to transfer them to the van and make sure that they wouldn't tumble
about if we had to do a bit of fast driving, then we drove back to the
motorway and dumped the lorry at a service station.  
  
Everything seemed to be going according to plan. I should have known, though,
that it couldn't last. Nothing that Syd ever did went off completely without a
hitch. Our hitch was a puncture.  
  
We pulled up on the hard shoulder and got out. There was a spare wheel in the
van, but we were unable to discover a jack or any tools that would be of use
to us.  
  
"Flag down the next van that comes along," said Syd. "We'll borrow theirs."  
  
A milk tanker came rumbling along. I waved at it but the driver didn't seem to
notice. A Rolls-Royce that was coming along behind it did however. It slowed
and pulled up just in front of us. Syd took one look at it and turned deathly
pale.  
  
Now one thing that I had neglected to ask Syd was the names of the boys that
he was supposed to be working for. It hadn't seemed very important. If I had
asked I wouldn't have had anything to do with the venture.  
  
You may not have heard of the Verney brothers. They don't go out of their way
to attract publicity. If they haven't heard of you, you can consider yourself
very fortunate. When I tell you that the Verneys are a West Midlands version
of the Krays, you'll realise my feelings when I saw them getting out of the
Rolls-Royse.  
  
"Hello Sydney," said Mike Verney. "Fancy meeting you here."  
  
"Er! Yes. I...I...I can explain Mr Verney."  
  
"No you can't. No explanations are necessary."  
  
He looked in the back of our van.  
  
"It seems to be all here, Pete."  
  
Pete Verney smiled. It wasn't a very reassuring smile.  
  
"Now then Sydney. We'd better go someplace quiet and have a little chat."  
  
Syd swallowed hard.  
  
"We've gat to deliver the scotch for you," he mumbled. "Some other time
perhaps."  
  
"Don't worry about the scotch," said Mike Verney. "We'll take care of that."  
  
"After we've taken care of you two," added his brother.  
  
"It's nothing to do with me," I said hurriedly. "I had no idea it belonged to
you."  
  
"Oh dear! Sydney," said Mike. "Didn't you tell your friend? He's not going to
like you anymore.  
  
"Get in the Rolls," snarled Pete. "No, only one of you. The other can ride in
the van. And no funny business."  
  
"They won't cause any trouble. Will you boys," said Mike.  
  
Syd and I shook our heads. Then Syd pointed to the flat tyre.  
  
"We'll have to fix that first."  
  
"Better get on with it then, hadn't you."  
  
There was a jack and a box of tools in the boot of the Rolls and while Syd and
I laboured to change the wheel, the Verney brothers leant against their car
and watched.  
  
"What we goin' to do?" I whispered.  
  
"Dunno," replied Syd. "If we're lucky it'll just be a beating."  
  
"Do you think we'll be lucky?"  
  
"Shouldn't think so. The Verneys don't like people who double-cross them."  
  
I called Syd a string of names that began with "You stupid.." and ended with
"I hope you rot in hell." Then I calmed down and tried to look at the
situation rationally.  
  
"There's only two of them and there's two of us."  
  
Syd shook his head.  
  
"Pete Verney carries a gun an' he aint afraid to use it."  
  
I looked at the stream of passing cars.  
  
"He wouldn't dare shoot us here. There's plenty of witnesses. It's our only
chance Syd. Look, as soon as we've finished with this wheel, you throw the
jack at Pete and I'll try to stop a passing car."  
  
I never did discover Syd's thoughts on this suggestion because at that moment
the situation altered very dramatically. For the first, and probably the last,
time in my life, I was actually pleased to see a police car. The Verney
brothers looked at it and, without a word, got into their Rolls-Royce and
drove off.  
  
The police car slowed as soon as they saw us, and pulled to the side of the
motorway.  
  
"Trouble?" enquired a burly constable.  
  
"Puncture," replied Syd. I don't know how he managed to sound so composed.
"We've almost fixed it."  
  
"Who're your friends? They drove off pretty quickly when they saw us."  
  
"Never seen 'em before. They just stopped to ask us if we needed any help."  
  
The police waited while we finished changing the wheel. I almost had a heart
attack when one of them looked into the van, but they seemed satisfied. When
we drove off they tucked in just behind us. I was glad they did. When we
passed the next junction the Verney's Rolls was standing at the top of the
exit road.  
  
We kept going and shortly after this, Syd drove us off of the motorway.  
  
"We'll stick to the side roads as much as possible," he explained. "There are
bound to be some of the boys watching at the end of the motorway."  
  
"You reckon?"  
  
"Sure. They've both got mobile phones. They'll try to cover all of the main
roads that we might use."  
  
"But they don't know where we're goin'."  
  
"No. I'm hoping that they'll think that our destination is in London, but
we'll by-pass the smoke. It'll mean catchin' a later ferry than I wanted but
that can't be helped."  
  
Syd seemed to be right. We reached Dover without incident and boarded the
ferry. My fears regarding the port authorities proved groundless, In fact,
they were very uninterested in us and our green van.  
  
At Calais, Syd's French friend, Pierre, saw us safely through customs and we
were away. It was almost midnight when we reached our destination, so we
gratefully accepted our customer's offer of a room for the night.  
  
Our return to Dover the following day, was without incident. We met Pierre
just outside Calais and paid him off, then we boarded the ferry. At Dover, the
customs boys insisted on searching the van. I don't know what they expected to
find, but they ignored Syd's battered old brown suitcase. Which was just as
well as it contained the money.  
  
We left Dover and travelled along the A2 towards Canterbury, and eventually,
London. After a while, I suggested that it might be safer to use the lanes as
we had done the previous day, rather than the trunk road. Syd didn't think it
likely that the Verney gang would be in Kent, but agreed that it wasn't worth
taking any unnecessary risks. So we started on a long, roundabout return to
the capital.  
  
I should have kept my big mouth shut. We swept around a bend in a country
lane, and there were the Verney brothers standing beside their Rolls-Royce.
The bonnet was up and the steam coming from the engine told its own story.  
  
They didn't pay any attention to us. They just stood there staring at the
steaming Rolls. I would have driven past, thankful to have escaped their
notice, but not Syd. He just couldn't resist giving a derisive toot on the
horn.  
  
I don't know whether Pete Verney is a Bisley champion, or whether it was a
lucky shot, but whichever it was, our offside rear tyre burst. Syd did well to
keep the van on the road, but we couldn't get very far in it.  
  
"Run for it," gasped Syd.  
  
We jumped out and sprinted down the lane. Syd was clutching the precious
suitcase. The Verney brothers came thundering after us. At any second I
expected to receive a bullet in my back.  
  
An ancient bicycle was lying by the verge. It was very rusty and had obviously
been abandoned. There was no chain, so I couldn't pedal, but the lane ran
downhill, so I jumped on and freewheeled. The tyres were flat and I skidded a
couple of times, but it was better than running and I left poor old Syd
behind.  
  
The bike was no use on the flat, so as soon as I reached the bottom of the
hill, I abandoned it and started running once more.  
  
I shot around a corner and collided with a grey haired man carrying a shotgun.
He was clearly a gamekeeper, or possibly a farmer. He grabbed hold of my arm
and glared at me suspiciously.  
  
"Now then, look where you're going. In a bit of a hurry aren't you. What have
you been up to?"  
  
"I...I...I," Then I spotted the bus. "I'm trying to catch that," I panted,
pointing, "Where's the stop?"  
  
The suspicion faded and he directed me to the bus stop, which fortunately, was
only a short distance along the lane. I stuck out my arm and thankfully hauled
myself aboard.  
  
We passed poor Syd, still clutching his case He waived wildly but he wasn't at
a stop, so the bus kept going. The Verney brothers were only just behind him
and appeared to be gaining. I turned my head away from the window, but they
didn't pay any attention to the bus.  
  
And that was the last that I saw of Syd. I returned to London and laid low for
a couple of weeks. I rather expected to receive a visit from one of the Verney
gang, but apparently, they don't consider me to be very important. At least I
hope they don't. I made one or two discrete enquiries. The Verneys are in
their usual haunts, carrying on their highly questionable activities, just as
though nothing had happened. But I haven't been able to find any trace of Syd.
Of course with that suitcase full of money, he could be lying on the beach in
the south of France, or somewhere. But I have my doubts.  
  
So whenever I hear about an unidentified corpse, I start wondering.  
  
I see it's almost time for the ten-o-clock news on the telly, so if you'll
excuse me, I want to see if there's any further information on this new body.  

