### World Lacking Perfection by xenamohd

**Date Added:** 2011-09-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A bit long story...So presented in 'Three Act Structure', to make it easy and not boring !!!! 

* * *

The Three Act Structure includes the following titles, in order (By
wikipedia):

* Opening Scene And Character: Introduces the scene.

* Act I: Establishing the main characters, their relationships and the normal world they live in.

* Plot Point At The End Of Act I: the first turning point, which signals the end of Act I.

* Act II: The rising action, to resolve the problem initiated by the first turning point. And learning new skills at higher sense of awareness. (This is the longest part)

* Plot Point At The End Of Act II (Climax): The scene in which the main tensions of the story are brought to their most intense point.

* Act III: Features the resolution of the story and its subplots.

_**WORLD LACKING PERFECTION**_

**Opening Scene And Character**

Alice was in need of a kill; her thirst for blood was more insatiable than
before, tonight. She knew she was getting closer to her goal. In a dark and
gloomy alley, she waited. All dressed in black from head to toe, wearing a
skin tight spandex cat suit and her face covered with a mask that only showed
off her deep emerald green eyes. She spotted the two men she had been
following; stop a couple driving a white coupe. She saw the criminals withdraw
a gun; she heard the couple plea for their lives and scream as the gun went
off. Rage filled her entire body, as she silently crept in the shadows. Before
the murderers knew what hit them she took her katana blade and sliced off
their arms and legs, leaving them to scream helplessly in their own deep, warm
pool of blood. She looked around to find no one there as usual and cleaned her
blade and put it back in the sheath, with the blade facing upwards and slung
it over her shoulder. Satisfied with her kill, she smiled and went home happy.
Yet deep down in her heart there was an emptiness that she could never fill.
It was a void that made her feel incomplete and kept her up at odd hours of
the night. The more she killed and satisfied her hunger for blood the more
vacant her soul felt. She hurried home so she would not be seen by anyone.
Alice worked as a reporter for the Detroit News. She kept a small police radio
scanner so she could keep up to date with all the crimes and be the first on
the scene to write about it. At age 25 she had already received various awards
in writing and was offered some of the best news casting jobs but she always
refused. Alice lived by herself in a small colonial house in a suburban
neighborhood. She had family that she never talked about but she quietly
visited them, every chance she got. She had two daughters who lived with her
mom and dad in Florida. She had long straight chestnut brown hair and green
eyes, caramel toned skin and a very feminine figure. At work she always wore
her horned rimmed glasses and her hair pulled tightly back in a ponytail. She
always wore figure flattering suits that got her plenty of attention. She was
married once, back before her marriage however, she was never the blood
thirsty vigilantly she is today. The constant abuse of her first husband drove
her insane. She lived with him for seven years adjusting and compromising to
his every whim. His abuse went from emotional to mental to physical. She still
quietly lived on for the sake of her two daughters. He had power and control
over her. She wasn’t allowed to have friends or leave the house without him.
One night after an argument, he beat her senseless and left her lying in her
own mess. He went out in a fit of anger and never returned home. The police
later found out that he was involved in a car accident and was trapped in the
car as it burned to ashes. She picked up her kids and moved in with her mom
and started to train to become stronger. It was then she met a teacher who
taught her the art of fighting with the katana sword. She found a job as a
small time reporter for the local newspaper in Detroit and moved away from her
family. Experiencing and reporting about night after night of terror on the
seemingly quiet streets she decided to take a stand and make a difference.

**Act I**

The streets of Detroit, Michigan are deadly. The highest number of murders and
violent crimes take place here everyday. With a population over 1,900,000, the
city witnesses about 1,220 violent crimes per 100,000 people. Thugs,
murderers, thieves, and other forms of criminals roam the streets freely here.
It was unsafe for anyone to come out after dusk. Even the cops had given up
all hope of cleaning up the streets. The few cops that were involved in this
place were already corrupted by Damien. He ran the streets and all the
criminals running loose. It was he, who was putting taxes on the poor people
of this city and taking from them anything and everything he could for his own
personal gain. He was a greedy, supercilious, malevolent type of man. He never
cared for anyone but himself, but he was intelligent and clever. It was not
easy to deceive such a man or go face to face with him. He had extensive
knowledge and skill in all types of martial arts. He was said to be a very
powerful and most cunning man of his own estate, going up against him is no
joke. Damien was responsible for the death of Alice’s best friend. He raped
and beat her to death and left her in the alley to die. Alice got to her on
time and promised her that she would bring this man down any way she could. In
a city of so much evil there is always some good rising up through the
darkness, like a hope of light for those who are unable to defend themselves.
Alice was one such person. She had a thirst for blood; she wanted to take out
all the evil, even if she was alone in doing so.

**Plot Point I**

Alice decided the only way that she was ever going to make a difference and
stop the violence from spreading like a plague was if she trained hard. She
was a fast learner and mastered the art of kendo, the way of the sword. She
ordered her suit through a mail order catalogue under an alias. She left
nothing to chance. She thought time and time again about the consequences her
actions would hold over her family if she was ever caught or if she was ever
discovered. She had felt pain and anger for so long and had decided to let it
out one way or another. She set out every night hunting for her pray. Each
night she fought and killed criminals. Damien became aware of her nightly
missions. He still couldn’t figure out who this dark figure was, but he knew
he had to keep and open eye for her. Alice knew that Damien was the only one
that had the power to stop all these criminals from wreaking havoc on the
streets. Once Damien is stopped the crime rate will automatically drop. Alice
couldn’t get help from anyone in the legal system; however some agreed with
her ways of justice, she was still labeled a threat and was pursued by cops.
She was after all, a ruthless killer. She had no remorse for the rapists,
murderers, and thieves and believed that what she did was the only way to
strike fear into the hearts of these criminals. Damien had a shipment of girls
coming in for his new strip club that was opening. The top criminals from all
over were said to be there with body guards and protection. Damien had am
appetite for exotic girls and he was always bringing in girls from South
America or Asia. Girls as young as fourteen worked for him in some way. This
particular party was an auction. There these men would choose who they wanted
for their own personal pleasure. The girls that remained behind were going to
work in the strip club. Alice was well prepared for what she had to face. She
knew the list of everyone coming and how many thugs they were to bring with
them. She knew the exit points and exactly how any guards would be outside
guarding them. She made a friend on the inside who worked very closely with
Damien. Scott was Damien’s right hand man. The go to guy for every plan and
had every detail. On an interview, Alice had gotten to know him very well. And
he had fallen in love with her and she was having feelings towards him she
couldn’t explain. Shortly after they started dating and she started getting
information out of him. She learned that Scott was in no way like Damien and
that he was reluctantly working for him. Scott had three sisters and Damien
had his eye on all of them. As a deal to leave them alone Scott had to work
for Damien and perfect his place of business. Scott never got his hands dirty
but he knew everything that was being done and was disgusted by it. She had an
invitation to go as Scott’s date tonight and she agreed happily. During the
night she pretended to fall sick and left the strip club. Seeing the lost,
frightened, confused girls there made her furious. She couldn’t contain her
anger and was afraid that she would be noticed if she started to protest in
anyway. She got a drop home from one of Scott’s bodyguards. Shortly after the
bodyguard left, Alice called Scott told him she was sleeping and didn’t want
to be disturbed. He informed her that after the party he would stop by and
visit her. She smiled at herself knowing nothing would be left of that place
and hopefully she would kill Damien as well. Dressed in her black suit, body
armor, katana sword and a few smoke bombs she set off for the strip club.
There was a sickly feeling in her stomach and she had the urge to vomit. She
held strong she kept focused at the task in hand. She knew tonight would be a
blood bath, and she needed her strength.

**Act II**

She spotted the front of the strip club from the rooftops she was traveling
on. Everyone who needed to be inside had arrived and the doors were shut with
six guards at each entrance. She went around checking the back, she saw only
three guards. She flipped off the rooftop of the adjacent building and climbed
down the fire escape. With one swift movement she sliced the head off the
first guard. His limp body fell silently to the ground. She tapped the back of
the second guard who was talking to the other one and as he turned around she
thrust the blade deep inside his body. The blade dripping crimson appeared
from the other end. She put her foot on the guard and pushed him off the blade
and swung around to slice the neck of the third guard. He couldn’t pull his
gun out fast enough for her. She moved like a silent ninja in the night
towards the front entrance. She had secured the back with chains and a padlock
so no one could escape. After slaughtering the guards in the front she cleaned
her blade and composed herself. She walked into the building and had a few
seconds to asses her next move before someone spotted her. There was a
commotion and guns were being fired from all directions at her. She threw a
smoke bomb and headed in the direction of the coughing and wheezing, slicing
her way through the thick forest of men. Blood was everywhere, spraying from
limbs that had been cut off, pools of blood forming on the clean hardwood
floors. This went on for several minutes. The more she swung her sword the
more blood was splattered all over. Most men ran in fear that they were
dealing with a ghost rather than a person. After all, how is it possible that
a person reflects all those bullets and still manages to move with such ease
and grace? Alice trained herself well; she was well prepared and had done her
homework. She wore protective armor from head to toe. She worked her way
through the mountains of dead bodies she accumulated. The walls were tainted
in their blood even the girls were drenched in a sea of crimson. Rage and
disgust fumed from within fueling her into a further adrenaline rush. She ran
up the stairs cutting and slicing anyone that would come in her path. Damien
had to be destroyed and she saw him at the top waiting for her patiently. More
guns and more men came falling at her feet. She couldn’t stop this blood bath
for anything now. The criminal bosses were all huddled like cattle together in
one room, to scare of moving or coming out to even look. Alice reached the top
and to see Damien face to face. She was about to attack when Scott appeared
from behind and shot her. Although the suit was bulletproof the velocity of
the bullet was enough to knock her out. She had forgotten about Scott and knew
that he also had to be killed. But over the years Alice had grown to love him.
He made her feel like no one ever did. She knew he was only helping Damien to
save his family. Scott understood her and made her feel complete. He filled up
the void and when she was with him she kept her guard down. He accepted her
for everything she was and loved her with a pure heart. When Alice woke up she
found herself strapped to a chair. Damien unmasked her and was immediately
aroused at her beauty. He grabbed her face gave her a kiss on the lips. Alice
struggled and spit on his face. In his anger he punched her in the face
knocking out her tooth and hot thick blood started dripping from her mouth.
Scott walked in and looked wide eyed at site of Alice bound and beaten and
tears formed in his eyes. He froze as Alice looked at him with pleading, sad
eyes. Damien turned to Scott and noticed his behavior was somewhat peculiar.
He inquired as to what was happening with him and smiled when he found that
Scott wanted to marry Alice. He then ordered Scott to kill her. She was
sitting helpless in the chair, or so Damien thought. Scott hesitated and
Damien reminded him of his sisters and the deal they had made. Scott didn’t
move he had feeling for Alice that he hadn’t felt for anyone on years. He knew
she was the one he was looking for, the way they connected and so well and
understood one another. No one respected him like Alice did and no one made
him open up to his feelings so much and so fast. He was conflicted between his
family, his sisters he worked years to protect and this woman he wanted to
spend the rest of his life with.

**Plot Point II**

Scott felt sick and before he could react to anything Alice broke free from
the rope she bound in. Her sudden reaction brought fear into Damien’s heart
and he grabbed the gun from Scott and shot at her head. Scott jumped in the
way of the bullet and landed limp on the floor. Turning hot from inside with
anger she charged towards Damien and fought him with all her might. She fell
to the floor and tried to recover herself just as Damien was going to use her
katana sword to end her. He stood over her with the sword raised and Alice
kicked his feet and caused him to lose his footing and dropped the sword. She
rolled over and picked it up and cut Damien’s head clean off. The blood prayed
from his neck all over her face and his body swayed for a few seconds before
it collapsed to the floor.

**Act III**

She ran over to Scott now covered in his own blood and felt for a pulse. She
found a faint pulse and immediately called the Ambulance. She kissed Scott
passionately on the mouth and ran to get her mask. Then she disappeared in a
corner and waited for the paramedics to arrive. After making sure he was under
the proper medical care, she left. Alice felt a wave of relief sweep over her,
Scott was going to okay and she wondered if he would feel the same way towards
her after knowing about her secret. After cleaning up her wounds and cuts she
realized she was in need of medical assistance as well. She had been shot
through the shoulder and was now in excruciating pain. The adrenaline rush
kept her mind off the pain. It is said that in the heat of the moment any
normal person can over come their limitations. Some have been known to show
great feat of strength, some have been known to pass the threshold of pain to
continue on with their journey. She went to the hospital and got herself fixed
up after being asked a series of questions by the cops. The never realized for
a moment that she was the one to bring down a major criminal, the cops just
thought she was the poor victim of a mugging. She visited Scott’s room in the
ICU and sat next to him. He smiled when he saw her approach his bedside. She
apologized for the secret she kept and he forgave her. She promised him that
she would never go hunting for criminals again. Alice realized that it was
wrong to kill anyone even if they had done wrong. Their families were the ones
that suffered the most. Alice knew she finally found her peace and she was
done with her vigilantly justice. She was only too thankful that the cops had
no idea of who they were to look for. The media went on to boast and rave
about her, calling her the Lightening in the Darkness. After a while that hype
of a hero out to save us all had faded. She was no more than just a memory.
Alice and Scott married and moved down to Florida. They started a life with
her two girls and her mom and dad, and the never looked back at the past.
Criminals need the justice system, just like the justice system needs their
criminals there is no perfect world out there. We can only be carful and watch
out for ourselves and loved ones in the world we live today.

