### MONSTER by poetrygirl

**Date Added:** 2011-10-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A story about a serial killer who is prowling the streets of modern day London 

* * *

**A SHORT STORY**

**MONSTER**

** **

_Reunited in heaven_

_They rest in peace_

_Whilst down in the hell fire_

_The monster never sleeps._

** **

** **

_At 11am on 3rd August 2009, Jenny Mack’s corpse was discovered by her cleaner
at her mansion house in St John’sWood, North London. She was 45 years old._

_Lying naked, face down in the bath, her wrists slashed with a razor, Deborah
let out a piercing scream._

_On the bath mat lay three empty blister packets of Diazepam and an empty
bottle of Cristal champagne. _

_Exactly two months earlier Jenny had buried her daughter .The wealthy widow
of notorious gangster, Johnny Mack, Jenny was prepared for her husband’s death
but never in a million years did she expect to be burying her only daughter._

**_3rd June 2009_**

_Her tears, like razor blades_

_slash her cheeks_

_in sync with the sleet_

_like knives,_

_stabbing the crispy autumn leaves_

_scattered round her feet._

“Sweet dreams Katie”, Jenny whispers, choking back the tears. She drops a
single pink rose onto her daughter’s coffin and as she walks away hears a
chilling thud as the grave diggers nonchantly toss fat clods of wet mud onto
her beloved daugther’s grave. _It’s just a job_ to them she ponders
fleetingly.

_Her beautiful daughter_

_Lies in her grave_

_Raped and murdered_

_By a beast so depraved_

The men smoke and joke amongst themselves as this heartbroken, grieving
mother, walks away from the graveside, her face buried in a crumpled Kleenex
tissue, and steps into her chauffeur driven car. Uber glam and perfectly
groomed, as usual - black Chanel suit, long platinum hair ( ironed to within
an inch of its life), killer Jimmy Choos and her signature Gucci sunglasses -
except today her usual steely mask has dramatically slipped. Thank god for
waterproof mascara she thinks to herself as she carefully dabs fat tears from
her bloodshot eyes.

The Bentley accelerates off into the London traffic. Shaking like a leaf,
Jenny reaches for the mini bar and knocks back a mini bottle of Glenmorangie
whisky.

Meanwhile, at her daughter’s wake the mourners are tucking into mini fish and
chip cones, smoked salmon bilinis and mini French tarts, washed down with
champagne. Katie had always been a party girl and lived life to the full.
Jenny knew that it was what her daughter would have wanted. But, she just
could not bring herself to celebrate her life. She was still mourning her
death.

The service had been beautiful but it had taken all of Jenny’s strength to
maintain her composure. Inside she was screaming and her heart felt like it
had been shredded with a cheese grater.

Flopping back into the cream leather seat, Jenny closes her eyes and drifts
into a deep sleep. It has been a harrowing day and she is exhausted.

Suddenly, the radio bursts into life and Jenny is stunned to hear that there
has been a plane crash at Heathrow. Miraculously, there are two survivors,
both of them clinging to life by a thread.. One of them is Harry Sinclair. A
chill creeps down Jenny’s spine....**__**

**_Six months earlier _**

**_December 2008_**

It was early December 2008 when shocking rumours had spread that a serial
killer was stalking the streets of the West End. Five women in their late
teens to mid forties had vanished over the course of a two week period in a
ten mile radius. The Metropolitan Police had originally tried to dismiss the
rumours saying that the women’s disappearances were unrelated.

However, when their mutilated bodies were discovered on 16th December washed
up along the Embankment near Charing Cross Station the news headlines spoke
for themselves:

_Five naked bodies_

_Have just been found_

_Dumped in the Thames_

_Gagged and bound_

**_ _**

The police suspected that their killer could be a London cabbie and warned
women not to get into any unlicensed cabs or walk around late at night on
their own.

The chilling question was not if but when would the killer strike again?
Detectives were working round the clock and all leave had been cancelled. They
needed to catch their man before he killed again.

It was only eight days until Christmas and the office parties were already in
full swing. The bars and restaurants were packed with party revellers.
Meanwhile, another body had just been found at a residential address in
Knightsbridge, wrapped in bin bags and dumped in the owner’s rubbish bin.

As Scene of Crime officers combed the scene, office workers were heading out
to bars across the city.

In a pub tucked away in a side street in Soho Katie was meeting friends for
drinks after work. It was a Friday night and it had been a long week. Katie
had been working round the clock on an advertising campaign for a new Prada
perfume, which was to be launched in the New Year. She had been in a meeting
all afternoon with her Account Director. He had been really impressed with her
work and hinted at a promotion. She had been with the agency, STORM PR for
five years, working her way up from a Secretary to an Account Executive. She
loved her job and couldn’t wait to share her good news with her friends.

It was that evening when their paths first crossed He was alone, propping up
the bar, sipping his usual – vodka on the rocks. His work mates had just made
their excuses and left – meeting the wives and girlfriends, going away to
their country bolt holes for the weekend. But the night was still young and so
was he. A few feet away Catherine Harrison was having a night out with her
work mates, chatting animatedly and sipping a nice chilled glass of white
wine.

As the girls looked around the bar to check out the talent Katie spotted him
instantly! She had always had a thing for good looking black men and this man
was stunning!

Harry Sinclair’s eyes were like pools of melting chocolate and his flawless
ebony skin, chiselled cheekbones and buff body wouldn’t look out of place on
the catwalk. The boy set hearts a flutter wherever he went.

Less than three hours later they are lying in bed at his apartment in
Blackheath bathed in sweat and a warm _post coital glow, _sharing a line of
coke.

As Catherine floats out of his flat the following morning, towards the
station, the butterflies in her tummy are doing cartwheels. She is on top of
the world. The sex was orgasmic and Harry had even made her breakfast – fresh
coffee and handcrafted almond croissants (he had popped to the artisan bakery
across the road especially for her while she had taken a quick shower ). She
felt really touched by his thoughtfulness.

Inevitably, they arranged to meet up the following Saturday for brunch at a
bar round the corner from her flat in Maida Vale and then went for a stroll
down by the canal in Little Venice. He had brought her flowers and a box of
exquisite handmade truffles from an exclusive chocolatier that she had just
happened to mention in passing. The date went really well and, naturally, they
ended up in bed again.

When he finally left her flat early Sunday evening Catherine felt like the cat
who had got the cream but she was under no illusion that this was ever going
to be anything other than a short fling. She was 26 and Harry was only 23 and
besides she had only recently come out of a long term relationship with Simon.
Harry was her rebound guy but she was loving every minute – he made her feel
like a teenager all over again.

They spent a magical new year’s eve together and after that began to see each
other at least two or three times a week. She hadn’t had this much fun in
ages! The time they spent together was pure hedony – dancing in bars,
smooching under the stars, candlelit champagne baths followed by hours of
mind-blowing sex. So what if it wasn’t going to last forever, she was damn
well going to enjoy the ride. But it did strike her as a bit peculiar that
Harry asked her a lot of questions and seemed keen to know her life history
but he kept his cards pretty close to his chest. But she was totally smitten
by this tall dark and handsome stranger and his secretiveness only made her
mystery man even more alluring. In fact, the only things she knew about him
was that he was a freelance IT consultant and an only child. When she had
tried to dig deeper he had became really defensive so she decided to leave it
be.

And so it was their affair steamed ahead at fall pelt. Meanwhile, the bodies
were piling up. On Valentine’s Day 2009 the grisly remains of three putrefying
corpses were discovered in the basement of an empty off licence in Carnaby
Street after a terrible stench was reported by the owners of the Chinese
restaurant next door.

A few months later Catherine woke up at dawn one Sunday morning with the
mother of all hangovers.. As she padded to the kitchen to get a glass of water
and some painkillers she was suddenly projected back to reality with a nasty
jolt. Her flat looked like a tip – clothes scattered like litter all over the
floor, washing basket overflowing and empty bottles lined up like skittles
hijacking the kitchen floor.

It was no use. She was going to have to end it with Harry. She had enjoyed the
ride but it was time to call it a day and go out on a high. She made a pot of
strong coffee to steady her nerves and dialled his number.

By the time she got out of the shower half an hour later she had two missed
calls and ten text messages – all from Harry begging her to give him another
chance and declaring his undying love. She knew that he had taken it badly but
this was ridiculous – it was almost verging on bunny boiler territory! ‘Oh
well, I’m sure he will get over it’ she thought as she pulled on her tracksuit
bottoms, fleece and trainers and went for a run round the block to clear her
head. On the way back she popped into the deli and decided to splash out on a
special treat to cheer herself up and left ten pounds poorer carrying a goats
cheese tartlet, rocket salad and a slice of vanilla cheesecake. She planned to
spend the afternoon cleaning her flat, doing the washing then slapping on a
face mask and having a long soak in the bath. She would then change into her
fleecy jim jams and curl up by the fire with her new book.

As she turned the key in the latch, absorbed in her thoughts, she nearly
jumped out of her skin when her home phone began ringing. ‘Withheld number’
flashed up on the LED display. She tentatively lifted the receiver but
abruptly the line went dead.

Over the next couple of hours as she went about her chores, the phone rang
three or four more times but she chose to ignore it. . However, she felt a
sense of dread buried deep in the pit of her stomach. Whilst she and Harry had
been dating there was something about him that just didn’t feel quite right -
she had a feeling that he was a, slightly unhinged character but that just
added to the excitement. He was her drug. And she was totally hooked. But now
she was panicking – what if he was dangerous and meant her harm. No, she was
being silly she told herself. She needed to get a grip and stop being such a
drama queen.

But that night as she laid awake the memories came flooding back in waves,
leaving her head spinning. She remembered the time that he had slapped her
across the face when she had made a joke about him to the girls. It was the
night she had first introduced him to her best friends Amy and Suze. He oozed
charm and appeared to be the doting boyfriend until her friends left and they
went back to his place. She was horrified and shocked when out of the blue he
suddenly struck her across the face. Immediately he had apologised and said he
didn’t know what had come over him. She accepted his apology but alarm bells
were ringing loud and clear in her ears. She was obviously in denial and
didn’t want to admit to what was staring her in the face. Instead of leaving
immediately which her head was begging her to do, she listened to her heart
who was making excuses for him, letting him off the hook while she took all
the blame – it was her fault she had wound him up etc etc. She knew the signs
of domestic violence Her friend was a battered wife and wasn’t it her who had
finally persuaded Anna to leave her bullying husband. What a hypocrite she
thought to herself but she just couldn’t help herself.

Of course he would never do it again. But he did. Again and again. She had
become so worn down and had begun to lose her confidence. At one point when
she was in the supermarket she ended up having a panic attack and had to
literally abandon her half filled basket in the veg aisle and do a runner out
of the store. By the time she arrived home she was shaking like a leaf and
dripping with sweat. She shuddered at the memory.

Finally, she fell asleep just before dawn but an hour later was woken by the
alarm. It was time for work. Forcing herself out of bed and a bowl of
branflakes down her throat, she reflected on whether or not she should tell
her mum what had been going on. The strain of keeping everything to herself
was making her anxiety levels worse but at the same time she didn’t want to
worry her.

_I hate Monday mornings_ she thought as she headed to the tube. As she
mentally went over her ‘To Do’ list for the day ahead a black BMW startled her
when it drove slowly past bibbing its horn furiously. Catherine looked round
and her heart instantly leapt into her mouth.

“Hi babe, was just passing, fancy a lift anywhere?” Harry asked breezily as if
it was quite natural for him to be in the area at 7.30am on a Monday morning.

“Stop playing games Harry” she replied calmly although inside she was falling
apart. “We both know that you weren’t just passing. Please just accept that
the relationships is over and leave me alone.”

“I m sorry but I just can’t do that Katie” he retorted. You and I have got
unfinished business so until you agree to go for dinner with me I’m not going
anywhere”.

“Well you’re in for a bloody long wait then aren’t you” she snapped.

As he drove off Catherine composed herself and carried on walking to the tube
where she bought herself a large skinny latte, extra hot with an extra shot to
calm her nerves.

By the time she got to work she was so pre-occupied that she could not
concentrate on her work and drifted through the day in a daze. Fortunately,
her boss was not there. Her work colleagues were obviously concerned but when
they asked if she was alright she just told them she was tired, nothing that a
good night’s sleep wouldn’t cure.

At lunchtime she tentatively turned on her mobile and there were about twenty
text messages all from Harry saying he loved her, he missed her, they were
made for each other, without her he was nothing, he couldn’t live without her
etc etc. She calmly turned the phone off and decided that when she got home
that evening she would ring up 02, change her number and that would solve that
problem. HA!

That evening, as she arrived home around 6.30pm, snowflakes were starting to
fall. She was chilled to the bone but things were about to get even chillier.
There on the doormat was a huge red envelope with a typed label. She tore it
open and inside was a beautiful handmade card with a huge red love heart.
Inside, the words read ‘TOGETHER FOREVER’.

Furiously, she tore the card to little shreds, opened the fridge, poured
herself a large glass of wine and phoned 02.

She explained to the woman in Customer Services the reason why she wanted to
change her mobile number and fifteen minutes later her old number was
disconnected and she was given a shiny new one. She breathed a sigh of relief
and topped up her wine glass.

But, no sooner had she hung up her home phone suddenly jumped into life. And
abruptly stopped. Remaining calm and controlled she rang BT and changed her
home number as well. She would email everybody the following day and just say
she had been receiving nuisance calls so had changed her mobile and home
number.

She made a mental note to block Harry from her email and Facebook the next
day. Fortunately he hadn’t become a cyber stalker just yet. She was defiant
now, her fear had turned to anger and there was no way this pathetic bastard
was going to intimidate her and get the better of her.

As she left for work the next day the snow had started to settle and was
coming down thick and fast now. She grabbed a latte from the cafe by the tube
and headed towards the escalator down to the platform.

Stepping onto the escalator she felt a light nudge in her back. She turned
round. It was Harry.

The next thing she knew she was lying dazed and confused at the bottom of the
escalators surrounded by paramedics.

Weeks had turned into months and it was now mid May. Catherine woke up early
one Saturday morning to go for her usual morning jog On the way back from her
run in Paddington Rec she decided to stop at _Belinda’s_ in Lauderdale Parade
and treat herself to a large flat white and a rather scrummy Danish pastry.

She absolutely adored _Belinda’s – _it was a vintage cafe with gorgeous fine
bone china crockery, wooden floor boards and vintage black and white prints
decorated the walls. She loved the shabby chic theme and the coffee and cakes
were to die for. As she took a seat by the window, the sky suddenly became
overcast and fat drops of rain started to tip down onto the pavement.
Catherine cradled the china cup decorated with little pink roses in her hands
and suddenly remembered she needed to buy some cat food for Dudley.

At that moment a shadow loomed over her table and a familiar voice quietly
said ‘”Hello Katie, long time no see”. Harry sunk into the chair opposite her,
took off his baseball cap and looked straight into her eyes. She was stunned
and startled as something sharp jabbed into her leg, sending shivers down her
spine. . It was the blade of a knife.

Harry leaned into the table, his face inches away from hers, so close that she
could feel his breath on her face. He kissed her roughly on the lips then
grabbed her head, pulled her left ear towards him and in a whispered
menacingly:

“I have a knife so don’t do anything stupid”. We are going to leave the cafe
now so get up, don’t make a scene and everything will be just fine”.

Petrified, Catherine hurriedly grabbed her hand bag, almost sending the heavy
oak table flying and left the cafe. It was tipping down outside. “Walk” Harry
demanded and they started to walk down Lauderdale Parade. It was getting dark
now and thunder and lightning were crashing round the sky. Catherine felt
really frightened. A young couple walked past with their dog, she wanted to
scream help but Harry was behind her with the blade of the knife firmly
pointed into her back, making it clear who was in charge.

After they had been walking for about ten minutes or so they came to the
entrance of an old Victorian house that looked like it was deserted A big
rusty sign erected in the front garden warned:

**NO TRESPASSERS KEEP OUT**

.So many of the properties around Maida Vale had been sold off to developers
who were turning them into swish flats for young professionals.

Katie noticed that a black cab was parked across the road from the driveway.

_Could he be, not it couldn’t possibly be. This is just a bad dream. I will
wake up in a minute,_

Harry opened the gate and brusquely pushed Catherine in. The side gate to the
house was hanging off its hinges and the pathway was littered with used
hypodermic needles. Obviously, junkies and squatters had been using the
property but there was no sign of life now. There was something decidedly
eerie about the place, maybe it was haunted and the squatters had suddenly
fled. As they passed the side of the house Catherine could hear a muffled cry
coming from inside and the air temperature seemed to suddenly plummet.

At the bottom of the huge garden there was a dilapidated garden shed. With the
knife still digging into her back Harry route marched her down to the shed and
kicked the door which swung effortlessly open.

Inside he flipped on the light switch and took a vintage silver hip flask out
of his jeans pocket and took a swig..

Catherine swiftly scanned the shed. It looked like it had been abandoned for
years. The place was full of cobwebs, smelt musty and was crawling with
woodlice. The floorboards were rotten and rat droppings littered the floor. In
the corner of the shed she could see a rat’s tail poking out from behind a
battered tin of creosote.

She realised that she was in grave danger. The colour had drained from her
usual rosy cheeks and she looked white as a sheet, as though she had seen a
ghost.

“Please Harry”, she begged “Let me go. I know you are angry with me but I
don’t deserve this. You are frightening me. I want to go home”.

With that, Harry turned on her and in a flurry of rage slapped her across the
face, cutting her left cheek with his signet ring. She winced.

She was starting to feel dizzy now, adrenaline was pumping furiously round her
body and she felt dehydrated. Harry leered at her. Things were about to get a
whole lot worse.

In utter horror she watched helplessly as he took off his jacket then started
to slowly unbuckle his jeans belt before brutally raping her. But he wasn’t
done with her yet. Not by a long chalk. He took another swig of whisky from
the hipflask then hurriedly got dressed. Dragging her to her feet, he calmly
told her to put her clothes back on then he would let her go.

As Katie ran to the door Harry started to laugh. How dare she dump him. He was
going to make her pay. If he couldn’t have her then nobody would.

He grabbed her by the hair and dragged her across the floor. Next, he pushed
her onto a filthy plastic garden chair where he bound her arms behind the back
of the chair with rope and secured them tightly to the chair. Next he pulled a
huge reel of duct tape from his back pocket and gagged her mouth. She could
barely breathe. Harry had enjoyed every moment of this, watching the bitch
suffer. Little did she realise that things were about to reach a terrifying
conclusion. .

_Stabbed in the stomach_

_With a carving knife_

_Just twenty six_

_When he took her life_

_ _

_The little heart pendant_

_She wore round her neck_

_He tore off her torso_

_As she took her last breath_

_ _

_He ripped out her heart_

_And sliced off her breasts_

_Then raging with anger_

_He hacked off her head_

_ _

It would all be over in minutes... Harry will calmly strike a match before
disappearing into the night.

Only a few hours from now Forensics will face the gruesome task of recovering
Catherine’s charred remains – her skull and a few bones from the smouldering
ashes.

_An organised killer_

_He scrubbed himself clean_

_And no DNA _

_Was ever left at the scene_

** **

** **

**3rd June 2009**

Over the next few weeks the remains of three more women were discovered. They
had all been raped and strangled. All the victims were brunettes. Like Harry’s
mother. How he hated the bitch. After his father had died when he was five,
she had met a younger man who hated kids. He used to beat Harry and his mother
never did a thing. She only took notice when he cooked the hamster in the
microwave and later poisoned the dog with weed killer.

In the early hours of 3rd June, the police made a breakthrough when a
terrified girl ran into the police station at Charing Cross after a man had
tried to force her into his black cab. She had scratched him on the cheek and
forensics had found his DNA under her finger nails.

By mid morning the police had confirmation that the DNA belonged to Harry
Sinclair and were on the way to his house.

On the other side of London at Heathrow Airport Harry was parking his stolen
cab in the long term car park. He would soon be boarding a flight to Rio to
start a new life.

**3rd July 2009**

And so it was that exactly a month later, the monster opened his eyes and a
stunning young nurse, who looked the spitting image of Katie, was standing at
the end of the bed smiling and puffing up a pillow. Screaming in terror, two
nurses came flying into his room but there was nobody there. He was high on
morphine.

**3rd August 2009**

On 3rd August, Harry strangled his Doctor when he came to check on him in the
early hours of the morning. Leaving his corpse tucked up in bed he made his
escape dressed in the Doctor’s clothes and white coat. The police were alerted
but by this time Harry was exiting the tube at St John’s Wood.

At 7.30am, the doorbell rang whilst Jenny was running her bath. A badly
disfigured man wearing a baseball hat and sunglasses was standing on the
doorstep.

Two hours later, as he crossed the road at Notting Hill Gate, there was a
screech of breaks and a loud thud. When the police arrived they discovered a
tattered wallet in his jacket. Inside they found a key, a tiny lock of long
golden blond hair and a champagne cork wrapped in tissue.

The monster was on his way to hell.

Copyright © 2011 Anne Deborah Morgan

