### Last Supper by SteveO

**Date Added:** 2011-10-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A marked man invites the assassin hired to kill him for one final gourmet meal 

* * *

** **

** **

** **

** **

** **

** **

**Last Supper**

** **

The restaurant was dimly lit and the two figures seated at the table in the
far corner were almost invisible to the naked eye.

Charles picked up his menu and tilted it, in order to read the selections
available, towards the two lighted candles implanted upright in an ornately
decorated ceramic candle holder.

Mr Blue followed suit and peered at his menu also.

“A fantastic choice of venue, I must say.” Mr Blue commented.

“Indeed it is. A personal favourite of mine. Order anything you like from the
menu. My treat, as I said earlier. I can promise you won’t be disappointed.”

“Thank you, Charles. It really is most gracious of you. I’m looking at the
vegetarian option. There’s a nice selection.”

Charles tilted the menu downwards and looked across at Mr. Blue.

“Vegetarian? You’re a vegetarian?” It was spoken more loudly than he had
intended and they both looked around at the other dinner guests, smiling to
them reassuringly.

“Is that a problem?” Mr Blue stared backed at Charles.

“No, no. Of course not. Only…you know…?”

“No I don’t know, Charles. Why don’t you tell me?”

“It’s nothing. I thought it mildly strange that a person…such as yourself…”

“Go on, Charles. I’m listening.”

“Well…someone of your profession. I thought it a little strange, that’s all.”

Mr Blue leaned forward menacingly.

“You think that people in my profession are what? More suited to eating raw
meat with blood dripping down our chins. Is that what you think?”

“No, no. Not at all. Please, it’s a silly misunderstanding. Let’s not dwell on
it. Please, just forget it.” Charles tilted his menu back towards his face and
subconsciously dipped his head down behind it. “Please, Mr Blue, order as you
wish.”

“Thank you, Charles. I’ll do that.”

“If you don’t mind, once you have decided on your order, would you allow me to
select the wine to accompany your meal? It’s a little hobby of mine, and I can
say with complete confidence, that not a single dinner guest I have done this
for has ever complained. Quite the opposite, in fact.”

“That’s fine with me. Good food, fine wine. What more can I ask for?”

Charles smiled broadly and as he placed the menu on the table and picked up
the wine list. Mr Blue carefully scrutinised the menu before finally deciding.

“You know, I think I’ll go with the Gypsy Peppers stiffed with Frommage Blanc
to start with. Then I think I’ll opt for the Baked Ricotta and Spinach
Tartlet.”

Charles nodded in acknowledgement of Mr Blue’s selection.

“Excellent choice, Mr Blue. To maintain the excellence of your selection, I am
going to start with Hand-dived Scallops and I’m going to follow that with the
Venison in Chocolate Sauce.”

Charles tossed his head smugly before summoning the waiter to the table. Mr
Blue tried to supress a chuckle.

Charles gave the order for the both of them to the waiter.

“And to accompany our sumptuous delectations, we’ll start with a bottle of
Chambolle-musigny and please prepare a bottle Chateau-leoville barton for our
main course. Thank you.

He gathered up both menus along with the wine list and passed them to the
waiter.

“Bring us a bottle of Krug in the meantime.”

“At once. Thank you, Mr Lomax.”

Mr Blue looked across at Charles but he pretended to ignore him.

“Mr Lomax? I’m impressed, Charles. The waiters here know you?”

Charles turned to Mr Blue and smiled smugly once more.

“I should think they do. After all, I am there employer.”

Charles laughed and clapped his hands together.

“Why am I not surprised, Charles? Why am I not surprised? Let me tell you,
you’ve got style, buddy. You have got style.”

Charles feigned embarrassment.

“Nonsense, Mr Blue. Why I merely own the finest restaurant, with an unrivalled
wine cellar, in the entire County. Nothing to shout from the rooftops about,
surely?”

“I take my hat off to you. I have to say, though, I am still finding all this
a little bizarre.”

“Bizzarre?”

“Well come on, Charles. It’s at least a little unusual. I don’t mean to be
offensive, or even ungrateful in any way for this wonderful meal we’re about
to enjoy, but…do you know what I’m saying? I guess I’m not doing too good a
job of explaining myself.”

The waiter approached the table with the bottle of Krug and two champagne
glasses. He deposited them gently on the table for the two diners before
uncorking the bottle and pouring the contents into the glasses.

When he had finished, Charles waved him away impatiently.

“If it’s any consolation, Mr Blue, you will appreciate that this is most
definitely something I have done before – or will ever do again, thanks to the
actions of your good self.”

Mr Blue stared intently at Charles before leaning back into his chair. Charles
fumbled awkwardly with his napkin. After a few moments Mr Blue leaned forward
menacingly towards Charles and folded his arms on the table.

“Is this going to get unpleasant? You’ll recall, this wasn’t my idea. We can
stop this right now. I really don’t have a care either way.”

Charles folded his napkin and placed it back on the table.

“I’m sorry. That was uncalled for. I apologize. Let us please continue with
our meal.”

“Just to re-iterate our agreement. This meal doesn’t change a damn thing. Not
one damn thing. I’m happy to walk away from here right now, or at any time
during this meal, if I think it might be getting unpleasant. One of the
reasons I agreed to do this was out of curiosity. It would be a new experience
for me. I like to try new things. However, if it turns out I don’t like them,
I’ll just walk away. It’s no big deal. Do I make myself absolutely clear?”

“Crystal."

Mr Blue picked up his glass and invited Charles to do the same. They gently
clicked their glass together before sipping the contents.

“Mr Blue, do you know how much I’m worth?”

“I know how much you’re worth to me.”

“Two billion.”

“That’s nice. I’m pleased for you, Charles.”

They both took another sip of Champagne.

“It could also be very nice for you, Mr Blue.”

“I’d want four billion.”

“Four billion! Don’t be ridiculous. I haven’t got four billion.” Charles
visibly reddened in the face with exasperation.”

Mr Blue leaned forward slightly and whispered to Charles.

“I know. If you did have, I’d ask you for eight. Do you get the point I’m
making? I’ve already made a deal, and when I do, I stick to it. Besides, no
amount of money could compensate for the fact that such a deal with you, would
leave me with a pain in the neck I would give myself, as I spent the rest of
my life looking over my shoulder. Even worse, I would be lying awake every
night, listening to every little noise, either real or imagined.”

Charles took another sip from his glass.

“A killer with principles. Just about sums up my luck of late.”

Mr Blue leaned over even closer and stared icily into Charles eyes.

“I feel I have to insist that you keep your voice down. Also, I find your last
comment very offensive.”

Charles backed away.

“I’m sorry, Mr….”

Mr Blue held up the palm of his hand to silence Charles.

“I haven’t finished speaking. I find your last comment offensive for a number
of reasons, all of which I don’t intend to go into. However, what I will say
is this. I feel offended that you mock me for having principles. You might
want to consider that if you had any worth having, then you might not be
sitting here in your present predicament.”

Mr Blue leaned back in his chair slowly and Charles picked up he napkin again
and patted his face gently.

“As I was about to say Mr. Blue. I am truly sorry if I offended you. I hope
you will understand that I am presently, under a little more stress than the
stress I would normally experience inside the executive boardroom, which I am
considerably more comfortable with. Surprisingly, I’ve never invited my
executioner to join me in my last meal.”

Mr Blue smiled back at him and held up his hands in acknowledgement.

Two waiters approached the table with the starter dishes and a bottle of wine.

Mr Blue rubbed his hands together enthusiastically.

“I’m looking forward to this. It looks sensational.”

The waiter placed the plates in front of them and Mr Blue eagerly picked up
his fork.

Charles ignored his plate and looked at Mr Blue in anticipation. Mr Blue put a
forkful of food into his mouth and chewed the food slowly, rolling his eyes as
he did so.

He swallowed the food.

“What can I say? I’ve never tasted anything as good as this in my life. How do
they do that? How do they get it to taste so good? They must be like magicians
or something.”

Charles smiled.

“I knew you’d approve. If you think that tastes good, wait until you taste the
Ricotta and Spinach Tartlet.”

“You’ve had that, Charles?”

“My dear Mr Blue, I have had everything on the menu. I consider it a duty to
do so as the owner, although I appreciate, I would be extending the boundaries
of sympathy somewhat if I were to suggest any hint of martyrdom in my doing
so.” He laughed loudly.

Mr Blue joined in, and they both instinctively raised their glasses and
clinked them together.

“Mr Blue, would you mind terribly if I asked you a personal question?”

“You can ask anything you want, Charles. The thing is, the way I see it, it’s
not the question that is the main issue. It’s the answer, and if I don’t want
to answer, then I won’t. It’s that simple. Please, ask anything you want.”

Charles rested his elbows on the table.

“Why did you introduce yourself to me and then tell me the purpose of your
visit? Why didn’t you just…just carry out the job in hand, as it were?”

Mr Blue was tucking into his food and swallowed another mouthful.

“I can answer that. No problem. It was because I was told to. I was following
the instructions of my client. They wanted you to know. It was part of the
package – the deal.”

Charles sat back in his chair.

“You mean whoever hired you, told you to do that.”

Mr Blue paused with his fork halfway between his plate and his mouth.

“I thought that was what I just said.” He finished the transfer of food.

“That’s incredible.”

“It’s not the norm, Charles. I’ll grant you that, but it’s not as rare as you
obviously imagine. I’ve been asked to do it a few times before.” He continued
to clear his plate as he spoke.

Charles left his food still untouched.

“And your acceptance of my subsequent invitation to join me in a final meal.
Surely that wasn’t part of the plan?”

“No way. He wouldn’t have known you’d do that. I was happy to accept. Now that
really hasn’t happened before. You got my curiosity getting the better of me.”

“He? You said he.”

“So I did. So now what are you going to do. Figure out who it was from knowing
it was a man? By the time you’ve eliminated all the men it could’ve been,
Charles, it’ll all be over: without putting too fine a point on it.”

The waiter approached the table.

“If everything to liking Mr Lomax?”

Charles looked down at the untouched food on his plate and across at Mr Blue’s
empty plate.

“You can take them away now. The foods fine. I’ve lost a little of my appetite
is all.”

“Very well, sir.” The waiter proceeded to clear the plates and the cutlery as
Charles and Mr Blue sat in silence.

When he had finished stacking them up, he enquired if Charles was ready for
the main course along with the wine.

“Indeed. I am sure my appetite will return forthwith. Oh, uncork the wine
before you bring it to the table.”

“Very well, sir.” The waiter retreated referentially.

“It’s a pity about your appetite,” Mr Blue said, as he finished the wine in
his glass.

Charles reached for the bottle and poured the remainder into Mr Blues glass.

“Thank you, Charles. It would seem you’re record for not disappointing your
guests with your choice of wine is still very much intact.”

“Comforting, I’m sure Mr Blue.”

Two waiters approach the table once more carrying the plates and the freshly
corked wine.

They place the meals gently on the table along with the glasses and the bottle
of wine.

“The smells are enough in themselves and it looks amazing. I just know I’m
going to enjoy this.” Mr Blue picked up his napkin and placed it on his lap.

The waiter poured a small amount of the wine into a glass and offered it to
Charles. He picks up the glass and smells the wine elegantly before lifting
the glass to his lips and taking a small sip.

He let out of small groan of satisfaction.

“Perfect. Simply perfect.”

“Said Goldilocks.” Mr Blue chuckled to himself.

Charles looked across at him sternly.

“Please proceed, waiter.”

“What’s the matter, Charles. Lighten up.” He picked up his fork and
enthusiastically delved into the food. “This is really exciting. I’m like a
kid in a candy shop.”

“Good analogy.”

“I’ll ignore that, Charles. Eat up. You wasted the last lot.”

“I will, Mr Blue. One feels one must make the effort. After all, it is my…”

“Come on Charles. Let’s not talk about that. Let’s just enjoy. In a civilised
way, you know.”

“Why, what could be more civil, Mr Blue?”

They both started on their meals.

“Charles, “Mr Blue paused between mouthfuls,” this is by far the best ricotta
and spinach I have ever tasted.”

“I’m glad to hear it.”

“How’s your venison and chocolate thing?”

“My thing venison and chocolate thing is equally delightful.” Charles replied
with more than a hint of dismay.

Mr Blue smiled and carried on with his meal.

They continued in silence until they had both finished. Mr Blue picked up his
glass and drank down a large swig of wine before leaning heavily back into his
chair.

“What can I say? Perfect.”

Charles placed his cutlery neatly together on the plate and dabbed gently at
his lips with his napkin.

He signalled for the waiter who arrived at the table promptly.

“You can clear away now, but hold the dessert menu for a while. I’ll call you
when we’re ready.”

“As you wish, Mr Lomax.

The waiter cleared the table and retreated.

“Mr Blue. I have a proposition for you. A business proposition.”

Mr Blue looked at Charles a little perplexed.

“Business?”

“Yes, business. I’d like you to kill the man who has paid you to kill me.”

Mr Blue was visibly taken aback.

“It won’t alter what happens to you.”

“I realise that. You have made your feelings on that quite clear. I would like
to have a final splash in the business pond, before I bail out, as it were.”

“That’s an interesting proposition. I’m considering the ethics of it for a
moment.”

“Ethics? My you assassins have such a stringent code. It a wonder how you
manage to get any work done.”

“Not now, Charles. I’m thinking.”

“It would obviously be a post-contract agreement.”

“I’m aware of that.”

“And you’re quite happy to do this without me telling you who it is?”

Charles took a sip a wine.

“I can’t deny that I’d like to know, but if I can only take comfort in the
fact that whoever it is, they’ll be getting a little surprise from me from
beyond the grave, then I’ll have to settle for that.”

This time Mr Blue took a sip from his glass, as if they were playing out an
elaborate game of chess.

“How do you intend to make the payment? Once you know what it is, that is?”

“I’ll write you a cheque. You can fill in the name, obviously.”

“That might be acceptable. I have means of cashing it.”

“I’m sure you do.”

“There’s a set fee. It’s not up for negotiation. It’s $100,000.

“That’s a lot.”

“It’s a lot for a reason. It’s guaranteed, and there are no comebacks or
traces of any kind - ever. That’s the part you may find uncomfortable in the
circumstances.”

“Very well. I’ll do it now.” Charles reached inside his jacket and withdrew a
cheque book and fountain pen.”

“Charles, once the money is clear, I will honour the deal. You know that,
don’t you?”

“I know, Mr Blue. I take you as a man of your word. Be sure to pass on my
personal regards to him beforehand, won’t you.”

“If that’s what you want.”

“It is.”

Charles finished writing the cheque and carefully tore it out and handed it to
Mr Blue.

“Thank you.”

“Now, Mr Blue, dessert awaits us. Can I recommend yours?”

“Absolutely.”

Charles hailed the waiter over.

The waited handed him the dessert menu.

“No need. My guest will have Chocolate Lave cake with the Cherry sauce and
Vanilla ice-cream and I’ll have the Pumpkin Orange cheesecake with Grand
Marnier. And for the wine, we’ll have a chilled bottle of Chateau d’Yquem.
Bring the best vintage from the cellar.”

“Excellent choices, Mr Lomax.” The waiter bowed slightly and left.

They both sat easily into their chairs.

“If one had a choice, Mr Blue, than perhaps there are worse ways to end.”

“If you say so, Charles.”

Charles surveyed his surroundings carefully with a heavy degree of
resignation.

Mr Blue stared straight ahead impassively.

Two waiters arrived at the table with the wine and desserts and proceeded to
serve them.

“I would never allow disappointment to muddy the occasion at the final hurdle.
Please enjoy.”

“To you, Charles.” Mr Blue lifted his glass and Charles followed as they
clinked glasses for the final time.

They completed their desserts and Charles hailed the waiter once more.

“Bring us a couple of Brandy’s. The Remy martin Louis XIII will be our
choice.”

“Certainly sir.” The waiter scurried away.

“It’s time to go, Charles.”

“Indeed. I guess it is. We’ll have our Brandy’s and then we’ll leave, with
dignity.”

“I’m glad to hear that, Charles. You’ve got style to the end. It suits you.”

“Thank you.”

The drinks duly arrived and further small talk ensued before they left
quietly.

The car pulled drew to a halt down a back country lane just a few miles from
the city centre.

Mr Blue switched off the ignition and looked over at Charles.

“Our destination I assume.” Charles enquired.

“Our destination. If you wouldn’t mind stepping out of the car.”

He stepped out of the car and Mr Blue did likewise and went around to Charles
was standing.

“Please turn around.”

Charles turned away slowly from Mr Blue.

Mr Blue discreetly removed a revolver from his coat pocket.

“I have a message for you, Charles.”

“I was rather hoping you might.”

“It reads as follows. ‘What you did to me over theTunisiadeal was totally
uncalled for, and as it very nearly left me bankrupt, it is also
unforgiveable. Please accept this gift as a token of my disgust for you.’ It’s
from Ed Sanders.”

“Sanders? He’s a buffoon. I’m to die all because of theTunisiadeal?”

“Apparently so.”

“How so very disappointing.”

I’m sorry, Charles. I truly am. $200,000 and two dead men later. It might have
been better if you had both sat down and talked over your differences – over a
nice meal, maybe.”

Mr Blue raised the gun up to Charles’s head and pulled the trigger.

Charles slumped to the floor.

