### THE FLOWER GUY by pjs1509

**Date Added:** 2011-10-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Flowers trump a bully. 

* * *

THE FLOWER GUY

I was stop at a red light a few blocks from my house. There I spotted our
neighborhood flower guy.

As long as I been living in this old polish neighborhood the flower guy was a
fixture. Seemingly, seven days and nights a week you would see this mildly
retarded looking man with weathered face, a balding pate that needed a trim
and marathon runners sinewy muscular legs trudge around the neighbor hood
selling flowers. He sold them at five dollars a batch at the local banks,
restaurants, bars, book stores etc. If you were on the street or open for
business he was there.

My wife and I frequented the local taverns on weekend nights in our
neighborhood. Our end of town was slowly losing it's middle class base. It was
turning into solid blocks of run down two story rentals that let to poor low
life crackers. These taverns had a unique flavor and cast of characters that
you didn't find in your typical yuppie bar. These were crowded with local
bikers, the drunken big mouths who occupied the same stools day after day,
gals who wore tank tops and stringy long hair well into their fifties and the
flower guy.

We sat one Friday night at Sobies bar waiting for the Karaoke guy to crank up
his music dream machine. After a couple of drinks, We were no longer Fred and
Susie Degroots. We became everything from Sinatra to Karen Carpenter. Right on
schedule the flower guy enter the saloon. He headed straight for us because we
were the easy sale. The roses were always in immaculate condition and they had
a shelf life of about two weeks We selected a red and yellow bouquet.

“Thank you very much.” He say with a slight slur to his voice. “ And you have
a bless evening.”

My wife would always get a little teary eyed after that. She bought a similar
bouquet of flowers

while idling at the bank drive thru earlier that week. The presence of the
flower guy was always

accenting our home.

I was busy scanning the phone book size Karaoke listings with the heavily
smudge laminated pages .I was feeling a bit adventurous tonight and decided to
give Van Morrison a go. Near the bar there broke out a shouting match that
almost drown out the guy singing some Slayer.

A large over the hill and over weight biker had the poor flower guy by his
shirt.

“ I warn you last week not to try to sell my old lady any flowers you fucking
retard.” He started

to shake him and made him drop his flowers.

Cass Sobie the second generation proprietor put a hand on the huge bikers
shoulders .

“Hey big Tommy ease off the guy he's harmless,” Cass Said.

The big ape push the flower guy onto the floor, scattering some clientele.

Tommy glowered over the small man and then started to laugh. “Ha-ha looks like
old Mr special ed here can't hold his water.”

Some patrons help him off the floor. Flower guy had a large urine ring around
the front of his salvation army tan slacks. All of the regulars stood around
in embarrass silence.

The flower guy with as much dignity as he could muster pick up his scatter
roses and limp out of the bar.

“Hey Tommy your a real asshole you know that.” A very drunk lady who always
sat on the same end of the bar and spent her weekly pay check on keno yell at
him.” The poor guys out trying to make a living. At least he's not a mooching
welfare bum” She got up unsteadily from the bar stool. “God I gotta have a
smoke.”

“Next time big Tommy I'm calling the cops on ya, if you pull that shit again.”
Cass waved a warning finger at him. “Now you ready for another round.”

“Yeah sure Cass and add a couple of shots of Wild Turkey on top of that.” He
put a possessive arm around his equally fat wife sporting a black leather vest
and jeans that looked ready to erupt.

My wife was appalled.” I can't believe Cass didn't throw that jerk right out
of here.” She scratch her song selection on a scrap of paper. “Picking on that
poor guy and humiliating him like that.”

“Cass can't afford to lose a loyal client.”, I said. “Especially one who
belongs to a local biker gang that hangs out here. Business is business.”

The rest of the night was fairly uneventful. I pull off the Van Morrison with
a decent round of applause. My wife perform her array of sappy tunes.
Eventually big Tommy along with the rest of his biker gutter snipes left and
haunted another bar. The keno lady was thrown out about closing time for
showing her boobs to the rest of the bar. A typical night at Sobies.

The next morning I woke up a little groggy and no worse for wear . Susie was
already out of bed

because she had to work that Saturday morning at the local Sears. She came
into the bedroom fully clothe but her hair still wet.

“Guess what I just saw on TV.” She grab my arm and practically pulled me to
the floor.

“What,” I said.

“You won't guess.” She quickly flip on our bedroom boob tube switching to a
local news channel. On the screen was a grainy photo of Big Tommy.

“Police are still looking for motives and possible suspects in the late night
slaying of Thomas Farnsworth”, a solemn reporter spoke into the camera.. The
reporters face was replace by a silent observer number you could call.

The first thought that flew through my groggy head was his last name was
Farnsworth. After

Susie left for work, I got on line to see if I could suss out some more
details. There was a posted article on Thomas Farnsworth, fifty four years
old, father of three grown children, a twenty five year union

member at a local Iron foundry and an ex marine who help invade Grenada.
According to the article

his wife claim he heard some one knocking on his door. She fell back to sleep
and woke up to find his bludgeon body on the front door steps about five am
the following morning. The body was surrounded by an sprinkling of different
color rose petals.

I went down for a late breakfast at the waffle house a couple of blocks from
my house. The place was a buzz with the news of the murder and possible
suspects. As I ate my farmers omelet, I heard people mention the flower guys
name over and over. The confrontation at Sobies had gotten around

and people assume the obvious. As for myself and other diners in the place
there was cloud of doubt

hanging in the air. The flower guy. Murder. No way. I also found it
interesting that nobody knew what his real name was.

I had talk with our mailman a few months before about this local floral
character. The mailman said he thought the guy live with his mother in a small
white bungalow behind St. Stanislaw Catholic

church. Neighbors had told the carrier they had live there for about fifty
years

In the early afternoon, curiosity got the best of me. I decided to take my ten
speed for a ride around the neighborhood and sweat off some beer from the
night before. I was hoping to ride by the

flower guys residence and see if the cops had figure what every one else
assume. I rode around in circles around the old turn of the century church
before I spotted the tiny house hidden by some large

neglected hedges.

All the shades on the tiny bungalow were drawn shut. The front porch stoop was
litter with rain soak newspapers that look a couple days old. The lawn was
about six inches high. They had a mail

insert built into the doorway. I couldn't tell if the mail had pile up as
well. I got off my bike ,walk up

to the front stoop to peek thru the unshaded front door. It was very dark, I
spotted a broom and dust pan leaning against the wall. I just could make the
beginning of a stairwell that led to the cellar.

I was heading back to my bike a little disappointed. I didn't know what I
expected to see. A bloody ax, a sledge hammer sodden with gray dark hair or
tell tale foot prints. A police car pull up to the house and park on the
street. A real young guy in uniform got out of the car peering at me thru
mirror sunglasses

“Nobody home?” I could hear his police band radio squawking.

“I'm not sure, I never knocked but it appears unoccupied at the moment.” My
stomach was churning. I always had this weird sense of guilt when I talk to
cops. Maybe its the uniform or I've

watch far to many COPS shows.

He walk up to the door and rapped heavily on the outside screen door. We both
stood there for a couple of minutes and he tried knocking again. Nada. He
tried the door it was latch from inside. He pick up his shoulder held cop mike
and spoke some cop talk into it. Basically, what it amounted

too was there was no one home.

He peer at me thru his shades even though it was a cloudy day. “Do you know
one Harold Farnsworth.”

“That's the flower guys name.” My voice broke with astonishment.

“Yes, he resides here along with his mother Alma Farnsworth.”

“I see him around the neighborhood at least once a week and buy flowers from
him,but other than that. He's a stranger to me.” Again I felt my stomach
nervously grumble.

“Well if you do see him around call us immediately. We have a few questions
for Mr Farnswoth.”

The cop got into his all ready running car and drove off.

“ I arrive at my job at Taylor Mortgage Assessment the following Monday. I'd
been working at Taylor as a property assessor for the past seven years. Due to
the crappy housing market we had

just move into a large office complex with a much smaller office space. I was
sitting in my cubicle

arranging appointments to visit properties for that afternoon. Our
receptionists and the bosses daughter walk by my clutter desk sniffing a
bouquet of flowers in her hand.

“What happen to you Stacey, you meet Mr right this weekend.” I grin and lean
back in my swivel chair.

“No men are still basically scum.” Which she said every Monday morning
following a weekend

of romantic disappointment. “I bought these in the lobby downstairs. Some
sweet kind a

retarded looking guy is selling them.” She breath in the bouquet again. “There
only five dollars a

bunch. You ought a buy some for Susie.”

The hair on the back of my neck stood on end.”It couldn't be.” I said out
loud.

“No really, they are only five dollars” Stacey said.

“That's not what I'm talking about.” I sprung out of my chair. “Tell your Dad
I will be right back.”

I took the elevator down the five stories to the lobby. I fought my way past
in the incoming

elevator traffic that was already late for work. There was the flower guy
unloading the last of his

bouquets to some bald guy wearing a turtle neck.

How the heck was the flower guy at my work place twenty five miles from home.
I caught up with him as he was limping out the door way.

“Hi remember me.” I touch him gently on his shoulder. He went into a half
crouch putting his arms up in a defensive posture.

“I don't got no more flowers,” he yammer. “ But I will be back this afternoon
with more.”

“No it's not about the flowers pal,.” I said. “It just that your a long way
from home aren't you.

“I don't live at that home anymore.” he gave me a long blank stare. “I live
with Aunt Helen

and my mom at Morning Grove Apartments now.”

“Why the move. There's going to be a lot of disappointed people who won't be
getting

their regular fix of flowers any more.” I grin at this child-man. He was
wearing his usual khaki

shorts with a white t-shit that said “Feed the World”, with a large circle of
cartoon figure children holding hands. This guy committed Murder?. Bullshit.

“Mom told me we had to move before something bad happen.” He stare at his
shoes. “So now

we live with Aunt Helen in apartment 3-G.” His face brighten. “We live right
near the pool.”

That afternoon as I visited various properties, I bounce around in my head
what I should do next.

Did I really want to call the cops on this guy. There was a man killed in cold
blood, even though the guy was a total dirt bag. The quandary I was in kept
gnawing at me all day long. Clearing off my desk that early evening, I decided
to play my child hood hero Colombo.

The apartment complex was only a couple of miles from the office. It was your
typical series of three story buildings with brown mansard roofs. It had a
fancy name to it but was built with the cheapest of materials.

I walk up the flight of concrete stairs with a wobbly hand rail to 3-G. I rang
the door bell and

was met with a little barking dog at the side window. An old lady answer the
door. She looked at me

with deeply suspicious eyes.

“Can I help you and no we don't want to be save by Jehovah Witnesses. Were
Catholics.”

She peer out at me thru a gold link chain that was still in it's slot..

“No I just wonder if the Flower....., I mean Harold was around.” The tiny dog
was now yapping at my loafers.

“How do you know about him.” Her voice was steep with suspicion.

“He told me I could buy some more flowers from him here.” I lied badly.

“Who's at the door Dotty.” A shaky voice shouted from the back of the
apartment.

“It's some guy wants to buy flowers from Harold.” She yell back into darkness
of the apartment. I could hear a game show blaring loudly on the television.

Up to the door walk what I assume was Alma Farnsworth. She had her gray hair
up in a bun.

She wore a beat up old pink house coat button up to her neck. She kick the
little barking mutt out of the way. It went whining back into the gloom of the
smelly apartment.

“You ain't cops are you.” The chain lock was still in place. She stare at me
with black stern eyes accented with heavily pencil in eyebrows

“No Mrs Farnsworth I'm just an old neighbor of yours and a former client of
your sons.” I press

on my best smile for the spooky old crone. “I was just curious why you left
the old Polish district. Your son was beloved fixture there, a lot of people
will miss him.”

“It's none of your gosh darn business is it now.” Alma's pencil eyebrows shot
up.”But your dumb act can't fool me. You know that thing with his cousin Tommy
got Harold in a real guilty light.”

“But if he didn't do anything, why run away from the same house you've live in
the past fifty year”, I said.

“Because the evidence makes him look guilty as hell. You know my boy ain't
right in the head. He confess to anything if the police push him hard enough.”
She cast a stink eye my way. “They'd put the wrong person away for life in the
state nut house. Besides that, the world a lot better off without the

likes of his cousin Tommy.” Her grip on the door knob was tightening.” Ever
since they was little kids

Tommy been picking on him. Making fun of him at family get together. When they
was kids, he'd knock him off his bike and take it home with him. Bully, bully
bully all he ever did to that poor boy.

I complain to my brother and his bitch of a wife. They'd just shrug it off and
say boys will be boys.

When he made Harold wet his pants, that was the last straw.” She gave me a
baleful crooked smile.

I back away from the door, feeling an awful urge to pee suddenly. “ Thanks for
the

the story Alma.” My legs felt like lead. It took all I could to keep from
flying down the stairwell.

The last I heard from sweet old Alma was.”Next time you see my boy you be real
nice to him.”

