### Friends Reunited by cobra

**Date Added:** 2008-06-30. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A DETECTIVE ASKS A FORMER INFORMANT FOR A FAVOUR 

* * *

'Long time no see Patrick,' said DI Toms, his arms wrapped around his torso,
and hands tucked under his armpits, trying to squeeze warmth into his body.
'Don't mind if I come in do you?'  
  
The chain was unhooked and the door dragged back to rest against Patrick's
upturned bare toes. Patrick wiped his nose on the upper arm of his creased
plain dirty white T shirt and said: 'S'pose there's no point insisting on a
warrant?'  
  
'You could,' said Toms, 'but after traipsing up thirteen flights of stairs
you'd run risk of putting me in a really shitty mood.'  
  
'You'd best come in then,' said Patrick.  
  
Toms accepted the reluctant invitation, his rubber soles thudding into the
floorboards. He patted a ripped beige sofa creating a puff of dust and crumbs,
made himself as comfortable as his big, bear sized frame would allow and
asked: 'You came back to Nottingham to live in this shithole?'  
  
Patrick explained: 'Just temporary: Council reckon they'll sort somewhere
better by next week.'  
  
'I see,' said Toms, not volunteering the reason for his visit, figuring he'd
let the bad times flood back into Patrick's memory bank and give him a chance
to time to remember just what bad news Detective Inspector Toms could be.  
  
Patrick sat opposite on an upturned plastic beer crate, lit a cigarette and
dropped the extinguished match into a buckled can of Heineken on a small table
separating him and Toms: 'If it's 'bout that trouble at the Queens Head, I
already told that officer from Central I didn't see ote.'  
  
Toms eyes widened with surprise: 'Course you didn't. I'd expect nothing else
from a veteran villain like yourself Patrick.'  
  
Patrick gave an ambivalent grunt.  
  
Toms said: 'Know who you remind me of?'  
  
Patrick shook his head.  
  
'Alex Ferguson.'  
  
Patrick looked as blank as a Barbie doll tackling the Times' cryptic
crossword. Toms leant forward, elbows resting on his knees, fingers
interlocked: 'Think about it. A Manchester United defender scythes down an
attacker that's about to score a goal, and gets away with it. Fergie, being
interviewed on the box after the match, announces that 'he missed the
incident' even though it was two yards in front of him and the miserable
Scot's watched a hundred TV replays.' Toms laughed loud and long at his own
jokes; he wasn't an artist to let the poor quality of the material and lack of
an audience lessen his own sense of comic worth: 'Fucking Fergie,' muttered
Toms when his laughter died, 'just like you lot, never sees a fucking thing.'  
  
'If you say so Detective Inspector.'  
  
'Oh I do Patrick. I do.'  
  
Patrick rocked forward on his heels and fidgeted like a junkie signing into a
detox clinic: 'How comes it's you here? A scrap in a pub between kids who
can't hold their ale is a bit, yer know...minor for someone of your high
ranking.'  
  
'I heard you were back in town. You know you're a tricky man to get hold of,'
said Toms looking puzzled, even hurt. 'In fact, looking at your record, you
seem to have fallen off the radar since that spot of dealing...what was it,
ten years ago now?'  
  
Patrick grimaced: 'I did two years for that.'  
  
Toms held up a hand: 'Did what I could Patrick: would've been a lot worse if I
hadn't put a good word in for you with the prosecution.'  
  
Patrick sucked hard on the nub of his cigarette like a vampire on a slice of
black pudding.  
  
Toms continued: 'Anyways, I said to myself, I couldn't let an opportunity to
say 'hello' slip by, now you're back on my patch. It's just like old times.'  
  
Patrick twisted a tuft of his patchy salt and pepper beard between his gristly
fingers. 'I've not gorra go down the station to mek a statement 'ave I? I've
got stuff to do this morning.'  
  
Toms gave a dismissive wave with fingers that had always reminded Patrick of
fat anaemic sausages: 'Relax, forgerrabout the other night; that's kids stuff.
I need to talk t'you about something else.'  
  
Patrick rocked backwards and forward on the crate: 'Look, I 'aven't been in
trouble since I got out of Lincoln that time. Drugs is a past life, so if
you're not going to arrest me, can you leave me alone?'  
  
'Come on Patrick, this is me you're talking to! Save that bullshit for your
probation officer. We both know there'd be something I could find in this
shithole I could haul you in for.' Toms then looked around the flat. Apart
from the sofa and the beer crate there was a leather jacket nestling on the
floor next to a pair of Doc Martins. There were no pictures on the walls, no
television or furnishings. 'Jesus, didn't the social sort you out with some
gear or have you sold it all already?'  
  
Patrick sprang up but only got as far as DI Toms fist which embedded itself in
his solar plexus propelling him back onto the crate which toppled backwards.
Toms now loomed over Patrick, lifted his knee to waist height, turned his foot
to a forty five degree angle and stamped his instep down again into the same
spot he'd punched, his foot fitting snugly into the stomach cavity. Patrick
folded into a foetal position rolled on his side and spat: 'Bastard!'  
  
'Fair point,' said Toms inspecting his knuckles as if they displayed a fine
ring instead of mild reddening, 'but it don't change the fact I'm right.' Toms
picked up the crate and sat beside his prostrate victim. 'Come on, it was just
a tap, you know I could've smashed yer ribs if I'd wanted,' mocked Toms in a
childish voice. 'Take a deep breath and sit yourself up; we've got business to
discuss.'  
  
Patrick pushed himself up and leant back against the sofa and said: 'Any
conversation with you I want on tape and a brief present.'  
  
'Believe me, you don't. It's the early 1980's I'm interested in, not whatever
you're up to now.'  
  
'Twenty five years ago?'  
  
'Yeh, you remember? Mobiles were the size of bricks and not just any scrote
could afford one,' lamented Toms, 'women wore the same shoulder pads as
American footballers, I was respected on the force and you were a halfway
scary villain.' Toms crouched and angled his head and, wide eyed, spoke to
Patrick: 'is it becoming any clearer?'  
  
Patrick continued to rub his stomach and said: 'I have trouble remembering
last week.'  
  
Toms reached inside his overcoat for a packet of cigarettes and a bright green
plastic lighter. He walked over to the window and looked out at the handful of
remaining 1970's high rise concrete blobs, defiant among slick shiny grey
metallic apartments spreading across the city centre like office gossip. House
prices and rents were tumbling but apartments were still being built as if the
city had become a bubble where the laws of supply and demand had been
suspended in a madcap economic experiment.  
  
Toms lit his fourth cigarette of the day. The city had been fair to him;
providing a job, a semi detached home in a desirable suburb, and a fragmented
family that loathed and loved him in equal measure. He'd taken things for
granted; that was human nature. But at that moment as he looked across at mist
clearing across a calm city, his life looked as if it had been dealt a decent
hand with a handsome pension to look forward to. Now, past indiscretions had
put the prospect of a comfortable retirement under threat.  
  
Patrick was again sat on his beer crate and held out his hand. 'I've run out,
can I have one of yours?' Toms tossed Patrick a cigarette and was surprised
when he caught it between two fingers.  
  
Toms said: '1982, you were running errands for DM Properties Limited; Dougie
Mitchell by any other name. You'd lean on people a bit, collect debts, slap
tenants around if they hadn't paid their rent.' Patrick accepted the light off
Toms: 'Most of the time tenants didn't put up a fight. I remember, you were a
fit bloke, handy boxer, knew how to look after yourself. But one day you goes
into a house in Forest Fields, perhaps a bit casual like, and get set upon by
three blokes, given a right pasting by all accounts.' Toms smiled and shook
his head. 'I mean, there were three of them fuckers, so it wasn't like you'd
gone soft, it's just how life is sometimes. Anyways, you wanted revenge, but
instead of giving them a slap you set fire to their flat.'  
  
'In your imagination,' said Patrick.  
  
'Scenes of Crime gathered evidence, but were sloppy and couldn't establish
whether the blaze were started deliberate. I doubt they were bothered given
you'd toasted a junkie and a couple of illegals. Mind you, the victims all had
a minimum of 70% burns; nasty.'  
  
Patrick said: 'I didn't torch anything! I was interviewed at the time and nowt
came of it.'  
  
Toms corrected: 'No Patrick, you were spoken to in the same way that a dozen
other people who'd come into contact with the toasted trio had been. There was
no shortage of people who wanted to see 'em got rid of. You weren't formally
interviewed for the arson with intent because there was no evidence... at the
time.'  
  
'I don't like where this is going. I want a lawyer,' demanded Patrick, putting
his head in his hands.  
  
'Be sensible Patrick, we've established that you're not going anywhere without
my agreement, and believe it or not, I am here to help you.'  
  
'As if.'  
  
Toms flicked ash onto the floor: 'Tell you what, how about making us a
steaming hot cup of tea then we can have a civilized conversation? Think you
can do that while I make a call? I assume tea is one thing do you have in this
place?'  
Patrick shrugged: 'I'll see what I can do.'  
  
Toms pulled a mobile from his jacket pocket: 'Mek it strong, milk, two
sugars.'  
  
Patrick walked into the kitchen area and opened three cupboards before finding
a box of Waitrose loose green tea and PG Tips. On the assumption it was
unlikely Toms was submitting himself to any detox regimen, Patrick opted for
the latter brand. Patrick reflected that whichever sad fuck lived in the flat,
seemed to exist on marmite and cans of Guinness. If it was a new fad diet it
appealed. Patrick rinsed two mugs with boiling water from the kettle and
finished making the beverage with the last of the bottle of milk he'd brought
with him two days previously when taking up temporary residence.  
  
Patrick returned from his errand and placed a mug of tea on the floorboards
next to Toms who terminated the call on his mobile. 'Down to business,' said
Toms who fished inside his thick black woollen overcoat and produced a
photograph. 'Yer know, times change, not always for the best, but take
something like forensic science, there are things these science whizzkids can
do nowadays that we couldn't've dreamt of years ago. These ID cards they're
bringing in, they are talking about making them biometric, so they can take an
imprint of your iris.'  
  
'Fascinating,' said Patrick.  
  
Toms said: 'And it looks like there can be an appliance of science to your
case. It so happens that evidence box 1307/1 was gathering dust. In there,
were various exhibits from the scene of crime including a petrol soaked
handkerchief that could have been used by the arsonist. It was found along the
corridor from the flat. Now I'm no expert in the field of forensics but I
reckon that we could get a DNA sample from that handkerchief even after all
these years. That real evidence, combined with corroboration such as, let's
see, a very strong motive, would combine to produce a compelling case,
wouldn't you say?'  
  
'Not enough to convict. Not in a month of fucking Sundays,' said Patrick.  
  
'Fair point, given some of the lamebrains sitting on juries, you've always got
a chance, but the CPS would say there was sufficient evidence to charge, and
given your record... the seriousness of the charge, there'd be no chance of
bail. You could be stuck in Lincoln nine month.'  
  
'Says you?' said Patrick pressing his hands around the mug.  
  
Toms handed Patrick a photograph of a crumpled white handkerchief with blue
stripes: 'Exhibit A. Bring back any memories Patrick?'  
Patrick folded his arms and straightened his legs.  
'Talk to your brief if you want, but they'll only tell you that causing arson
with intent to endanger life is a serious offence. You've not been inside for
a while?'  
  
Patrick looked away from Toms.  
  
'Trust me, it's no joke. There are some really nasty fuckers about; months on
remand would seriously damage your health.'  
  
'You're bluffing,' said Patrick.  
  
'Come down the station, provide a DNA sample and we'll see.'  
  
'So what's with the personal visit from you and not one of the original
investigating officers? Did you think you'd break the news to me gently?'  
  
'I've been straight with you. You may not like me, it sort of goes with the
job, but that shouldn't stop us doing business. You might be right; I don't
know the result of the test, and there might not be a good enough match, but I
do know they only need a speck of DNA and you're fucked. You wouldn't be able
to argue your way out of that, however shit hot your brief was.'  
  
'What do you want Toms?' Patrick said flatly.  
  
'A favour for a favour; that's all. You see, I know you set fire to the flat.'
Patrick was about to speak but Toms waived his finger and silenced him. 'I
knew that at the time but from my point of view you were a good informant so
there was no point in me getting wrapped up in the investigation only to see
you banged up for the rest of your natural. Also there is the question of my
conscience. How would I sleep at night? You see, if convicted you would be
sent down for life but I don't think you intended to kill them, because
frankly you haven't got it in you. That's why you always remained a second
division criminal instead of a real player, so to see you sent down for
toasting scum is not really fair. It offends my sense of justice.'  
  
Patrick laughed: 'I've heard everything now.'  
  
'By helping me a little you can do yourself a very big favour.'  
  
'What help?'  
  
'As an informant at the time and it would have been natural for us to meet up,
and on the evening of 23rd June 1983 we were at Victoria Embankment just along
from the wooden suspension bridge. Just the two of us.'  
  
'And what were we discussing?'  
  
'There's no need to be too specific, we don't want to over egg the pudding; it
was 25 years ago, but if pressed you can say it was about dealing. It's on
record that you provided useful tips in that area.'  
  
'That bit is right, I bet you pocketed half the money you were meant to pay me
for yourself.'  
  
Toms continued: 'You could say we had a bit of an argument because I wouldn't
pay you for the information given. That's the sort of thing be expected to
stay in your memory longer.'  
  
'What about Jimmy McNeil? I told your lot I was with him at the time of the
fire, and he backed me up.'  
  
Toms winced and ran his fingers over his stubbly chin before saying: 'Mr.
McNeil is sadly no longer with us; gone to the great shithole in the sky.'  
  
'Since when?'  
  
'Since he fell out of a window of a high rise flat,' said Toms glancing around
him, 'much like this one, about a month ago.'  
  
'So it's you who needs the alibi rather than me isn't it?'  
  
'Look on it how you want. We can help each other out.'  
  
'Been a naughty boy have we Detective Inspector; have your bosses found you
out at last?'  
  
'None of your concern Patrick. You just need to remember that should anyone
come around asking about my whereabouts that day, we were together. As an
informant you can legitimately say that you didn't think you'd be expected to
reveal where you were, and that you would have feared for your life if your
cronies found out you'd been grassing them up. Got it?'  
  
'Jesus Toms. You must be one desperate fuck to rely on me! I might have a hard
time inside but nothing to what you'd get. I've seen coppers inside; there's
not a minute of the fucking day that they're safe; and what made me laugh was
that the screws hated them just as much as we did, they were happy to turn a
blind eye if they were cut or scolded. Shit, they might even stick us in the
same nick; it'd be worth doing time just to see you squirm!'  
  
Toms clenched his fingers and pulled them down to his side like a gunslinger:
'Watch it!'  
  
Patrick sneered: 'Or what? You're gonna have to look after me if you want me
to be your alibi. You better not harm a hair on my head.'  
  
'Out of the two of us you've got the most to lose. You're looking at life, I'm
at worst looking at a disciplinary panel.'  
  
'So you say, rumours were rife about DC Toms being on the take for years,
that's why I approached you about being an informant.'  
  
'Perhaps I cleaned my act up like you?'  
  
'I doubt it, you were in too deep. It wouldn't surprise me what you were
capable of.'  
  
'Glad you think that, it should make it easy for you to decide what to do.'  
  
'Oh, I don't think you leave me much choice, but there remains the
handkerchief. I presume it's not at the station?'  
  
'It's in safe keeping.'  
  
'Yours?'  
  
'I felt it would come in handy some day, it was pretty clever of me to look
into the future don't you think?'  
  
'It makes it easier for me,' said Patrick, reaching for a boot. 'You're right,
my career was not going far at the time, but that fire changed me, because I
killed for the first time. I wasn't reckless; I meant to kill'em. After that
it became easier to kill again, and so I moved up in the world while your
career seems to have stalled; I expect your bosses realised you were a
liability even if it's taken them until now to pin something on you.' Patrick
had pulled out a pistol from the boot.  
  
Toms looked at the gun as if it was the first he'd seen: 'Please Patrick, if
you've found that toy give it here and I'll hand it in at the station no
questions asked; someone like you could have a serious accident carrying one
of those things around.'  
  
Toms snorted: 'You're in safe hands. I know what I'm doing.'  
  
'You're expecting me to believe you're some sort of Mr. Big are you? What you
doing here then in this poxy flat?'  
  
'Now that I can answer,' said Patrick pulling out a gun. 'You see, that little
bird was in the Queens Head to tell you that I was here.'  
  
Toms opened his mouth but made no utterance.  
  
Patrick aimed the pistol at Tom's heart: 'I was waiting for you to show up.'  
  
THE END  
  

