### Little Black Dresses by larkinwilliamson

**Date Added:** 2011-11-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** M/F,adult crime story,sexual,abduction,serial killer, Sometimes, a little black dress is filled with a different kind of fire. 

* * *

The reflection of a yellow streetlight on the wet pavement looked like the
moon of hell as she nervously walked to her car. Every splashing click of her
black high heel shoes seemed to keep time with his pounding heartbeat.

He whispered as beads of rain rolled over his lips,"Wrong place at the wrong
time baby." Her curvy, sexy legs were shining wet beneath the hem of her
little black dress.

He slowly looked to the left....then right for headlights of her possible
salvation. She held a red raincoat over her head as her pace picked up towards
the silver Lexus. He scraped the fingernails of his right hand down the bricks
of the building as he prepared to make his move.

A thought of his sexy High School assistant principle went through his mind.
She had scolded him in her office for making a disgusting sexual joke, "I
guess the devil wanted some hot ass" of a popular girl's recent death in a
fiery car accident.

He licked his lips...grabbed his crotch and told her to"Fuck off!" She growled
in his face,"Oh I will...fuck you off!" She raised her black skirt...ripped
her red lace panties and screamed for help as she slapped him hard in the
face! The principal and a coach rushed in her office and held him down on the
floor until the police came. He spent a year in reform school.

His attention quickly focused back on the woman on the street. The lights came
on in the Lexus and she reached for the door handle. Like a Panther...he
stepped silently from the corner of the building and rushed towards his prey.
A bass guitar string with a key ring jingled in his left hand as he lunged to
push her in the car.

Her red raincoat fell partly on the street as he held on to the door and
pushed her to the passenger side with his boot. She screamed in terror as he
quickly looped the guitar string over her head. She flailed and scratched at
him until he pulled tight on the metal string.

She reached for her throat and began gasping for air. He saw oncoming
headlights and bashed the dome light out with his fist. He shut the door
quickly and pulled her to his face...saying,"If you behave...I might let you
live....do you fucking understand?"

She strained with a crying voice while trembling,"Yes...please...yes!" He
found her keys on the floor and said,"What's your name bitch?" She struggled
to say,"Mona....Mona." He started the car...saying,"Mona Lisa....the famous
smiling whore...well Mona Lisa...I am the Black Dress killer."

He smiled and proudly said,"I have seventeen in my collection....well...two
are skirts but they still were kills." As soon as he said what he did...Mona
knew his intentions were to kill her. She knew the only way out of this was to
disable him somehow.

He reached his left hand under her dress and fished the string down through
her cleavage with his right. He then commanded her to take off the dress. She
sobbed in tears as she did as he told her. He forced her to remove her bra and
panties as he said,"Mona...number 18."

He could barely see how beautiful she was by the dash lights. He lit a
cigarette...the held the lighter up to her face and said,"You look
familiar...are you from around here?" She strained out the words,"Yes...all my
life."

A car passed by and he slowly pulled away on the rain soaked street.

She thought of trying to fight him but the windshield wipers told her,"No" as
if they were angels. He heard something flapping as he picked up speed. He
reached down to the left of the seat and felt the wet rain coat. He
grumbled,"Fuck" as he opened the door to release it. He held the guitar string
in his right hand on the steering wheel.

Mona turned quickly in the seat and kicked him in the side as hard as she
could. It felt like her left high heel penetrated him. She then pushed him out
the door...using both legs with all of her might. She felt the car run over
him as she grabbed for the steering wheel. She gained control while sliding
into the driver's seat.

She instantly changed from extreme fear to insane rage. Mona was far less than
a good driver but she spun the car in a 180 degree turn without touching the
berm of the wet road. Her headlights shined on him crawling slowly in the
road.

The tires spun like a screeching night hawk as Mona steered the car towards
him. He put his right hand up because of the bright lights and screamed as the
car came to a stop within inches of his face.

Mona got out of the car....removed the bass guitar string from her neck and
looped it over his head. She jerked it tight and shouted,"How does it feel you
fucking dirt bag?" He grabbed at the guitar string with his right hand because
his left arm was broken. She stomped his right arm with her high heel shoe and
he turned loose while gurgling and trying to say something. It was raining
hard but she could see his left thigh bone protruding from his leg.

She kicked him in the face twice and walked back to the open door of her car.
She popped the trunk and went back to him. She grabbed the guitar string again
and pulled him to the back of the car. She had to kick the bone that was
protruding in his leg to convince him to crawl in the trunk. When he managed
to get in...she pulled his head to the back of the trunk and said,"Tell me
where you live and I might let you live?" He whined out,"I need a doctor you
bitch!"

She pulled the guitar string tighter and shouted in anger,"I'll fucking
strangle you...where do you live?" He told her he lived in Oakwood...he
mumbled the house number three times before she understood him. She removed
his house keys from his jacket. She then slammed the trunk lid on the guitar
string.

Mona stood in the rain while putting her little black dress back on. She got
back in the car and cried. Her soaked red hair looked like wet fire in the
rear view mirror. She saw another car coming and began driving down the road.
Mona headed straight for Oakwood.

At 2:00 in the morning she was at his door. She rang the door bell to make
sure no one was inside. She entered and began looking for the black dresses.
She dumped drawers, went through closets and finally found them in a large
plastic clothing bag under his bed.

Mona went to her car and tossed the bag in her back seat.

Seven hours later...Mona was sitting at her kitchen table..sipping hot
coffee... watching the news on a small TV. A reporter was talking about a
seriously injured and partially burned man found dead beneath an open
sided...dirt floor... fairground building....he was laying on a pile of what
police described as smoldering black dresses. The man is believed to be "The
Black Dress" killer....police suspect local vigilantes may have discovered
that he was.......

As the news went on....Mona looked down at a page in her sister's old year
book laying on the table. A picture of her sister who was killed in a car
wreck. She wiped a tear away and said,"I was almost with you last night...I
thought of how you told me to always wait for fate.

At the bottom of the page was a picture of him...playing bass guitar for the
school band.

She smiled and said,"I guess the devil needed a hot bass player."

