### Diamonds by JimRooke

**Date Added:** 2008-07-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Two petty thieves steal a valuable diamond necklace. 

* * *

"Quick, down here", gasped Syd.  
  
He turned into a small alley. I followed blindly, my heart thumping loudly.
The sirens were getting closer. The alley was a dead end. We turned.  
  
"Get back", Syd warned. A police car passed by along the street. We heard it
pull up with its breaks squealing.  
  
"We're trapped", I said. "What do we do?"  
  
"In here". Syd dived through a doorway that was standing slightly ajar. I
followed.  
  
We found ourselves in what appeared to be a store room. There were a number of
wooden boxes stacked up at one end. To my horror I saw that they were coffins.  
  
"Where are we?" I asked.  
  
"This is an undertakers. We passed it on our way to the flat."  
  
"Do you think that they'll look in here?" I asked.  
  
"Probably", Syd replied.  
  
"Then we've had it".  
  
It had seemed like a good idea to break into the Contessa Cavali's luxury
apartment while she was lunching at the Savoy with the Italian Ambassador and
help ourselves to her famous diamond necklace. Unfortunately, either she has
very sharp eared neighbours or her burglar alarm is connected to the local
police station. Well, suffice it to say, we got the diamonds. They were now
resting in Syd's pocket, but we had barely left the building before we heard
the approaching police sirens and proceeded to leg it. If we were caught,
given our previous convictions, we could expect to receive an extended holiday
in one of her majesty's institutions.  
  
"Don't panic," said Syd. "They haven't got us yet. This way."  
  
We went through a curtained exit and found ourselves in a reception area.
There were three other doors leading out, one of them, I could see, opened
onto the street.  
  
"Hang on, I'll check this one out." Syd opened one of the side doors and
disappeared through it. He emerged seconds later and shook his head. "Not that
way," he said.  
  
He glanced into the second room and then opened the street door. "Come on.
This is the only way out."  
Somewhat dazed I followed him. The police were just along the street to our
right. We turned left.  
  
I would have run but Syd grabbed my arm. "Walk," he commanded. "Don't draw
attention to yourself."  
  
This seemed good sense but we hadn't gone very far before we heard footsteps
close behind us and a voice said, "Just a moment please gentlemen. I'd like a
word with you."  
  
We turned. It was Inspector Donovan, the very last person that I wanted to
see. He had been responsible for my last visit to the local magistrate's
court.  
  
"Well! Well!" He beamed at us. "How very nice to see you again. I wasn't aware
that you were out, Sydney."  
  
"Last month, Mr Donovan."  
  
"And now you're going back inside again."  
  
"What for?" I don't know how Syd managed to sound so innocent.  
  
We were bundled into a police car and driven to the nick. Syd protested
vociferously the whole way. I simply sat back and resigned myself to my fate.  
  
At the police station we were placed in separate rooms and questioned. Syd had
the diamonds, so I decided to deny all knowledge of them. It was tough on poor
Syd but I couldn't see any point in both of us going down.  
  
Inspector Donovan looked very sceptical when I told him that I had met my old
mate Syd, quite by chance, moments before the police picked us up. We were on
our way to the pub to celebrate our reunion when we were kidnapped, I liked
that expression, and whisked off to the nick. If Syd had anything dodgy on him
I knew nothing about it. I had been searched, of course, and now defied them
to prove my involvement.  
  
Somewhat to my surprise I was allowed to leave. To my amazement, Syd was also
released. We left the police station with Syd telling them that they would be
hearing from his solicitor.  
  
"Where did you hide them?" I asked as we walked down the street.  
  
"In the undertakers," he replied.  
  
"They'll search the place." I told him.  
  
"Good. I hope they do."  
  
"They'll find the diamonds and call us back in."  
  
"They won't." Syd laughed. "They may search the premises but they won't find
the stones."  
  
"Why? Where did you put them?"  
  
"That room I went in was a private Chapel of Rest. There was an open coffin in
there with an old man in a naval uniform lying in it. I slipped the stones in
his pocket. There isn't a copper in the land that would search him."  
  
I had to agree. On the spur of the moment it was a brilliant hiding place. It
was unfortunate that we had lost the diamonds but at least we would stay out
of prison.  
  
Syd, however, refused to accept that the diamonds were lost. "We'll go back
tomorrow and collect them," he told me.  
  
"Don't be daft," I told him. "They'll almost certainly be someone in there
tomorrow. It was pure chance that the place was empty today."  
  
"No problem," Syd, as always, was optimistic. "We'll tell them that we've come
to pay our last respects to an old friend. They'll show us into the Chapel and
leave us alone. We'll collect the stones, wait a couple of minutes and quietly
leave. What could be simpler than that?"  
  
So early the following morning we drove back to the undertakers. We couldn't
park immediately outside as there was a hearse and a couple of large black
limousines there. A man was busy arranging flowers in the back of the hearse.
We found a parking spot just around the corner and walked back. The hearse and
the limousines drove off as we approached the door.  
  
We walked confidently into the undertakers and found ourselves confronted by a
dapper little man in a dark grey suit.  
  
"Yes! Can I help you?"  
  
"We've come to see the skipper," Syd told him.  
  
"I beg your pardon?"  
  
"The Admiral. We served under him. We want to pay our final respects."  
  
"If you mean Sir Herbert Parker-Smythe V.C. I'm afraid you're too late. His
funeral is today. They've just left."  
  
"Was that the procession that pulled away as we were arriving?"  
  
The dapper little man nodded. Syd grabbed my arm. "Quick we'll follow them."  
  
I didn't know what he hoped to achieve by following the procession. I mean, we
couldn't ask them to open the coffin for us. However, it never got to that
stage. We ran round the corner and found that our car had just been wheel
clamped. The clamping team were still present but as we had stolen the car
earlier that morning we weren't in a position to ask for it back.  
  
When Syd had stopped swearing we walked to the bus stop and went to Syd's
digs.  
  
"Never mind," I tried to console him. "We'd lost the diamond anyway."  
  
"Oh no we hadn't," he snarled. "If we knew where he's buried we could have
gone along after dark and dug him up. In fact we still can. Him being a V.C.,
they'll likely be something in the paper. It might well be on the news on
telly."  
  
I paled at the thought of doing anything so drastic but when Syd has made his
mind up it takes an awful lot to deter him. Still, it was unlikely that we'd
discover where the old boy was buried. Even if we learned the name of the
cemetery, there would be hundreds, probably thousands of graves and the
newspaper wouldn't tell us which one was the Admiral's plot.  
  
We spent a frustrating afternoon. I nervously sipped a succession of coffees
while Syd paced silently up and down. I wondered what Syd would do if we
discovered that Sir Herbert had been cremated. I suspect that he would try to
steal his ashes.  
  
At last it was time for the evening news. I confess that I didn't expect the
funeral to be featured, but it was. "The funeral took place today of the last
survivor of the Battle of Jutland. Rear-Admiral Sir Herbert Parker-Smythe V.C.
who died last Sunday at the age of one hundred and eight, was a young
midshipman when...." There followed a brief description of Sir Herbert's
career concentrating, not un-naturally on how he won the V.C in a later
action.  
  
"This is it," said Syd as we saw pictures of the coffin, covered with a white
ensign, being taken off of the hearse. "Now make a note of any conspicuous
monuments in the background. They'll help us to locate the grave."  
  
At that moment I decided to have nothing further to do with the enterprise. If
Syd wanted the diamonds that badly he could dig up the Admiral himself.
However, I needn't have worried. We saw the coffin being carried on board a
ship. And then...  
  
"In accordance with his wishes, Sir Herbert has been buried at sea near the
site of the great battle."  

