### Rude Awakenings by twistedvictim

**Date Added:** 2011-11-04. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The neighbours get too annoying 

* * *

Having recently moved into a flat share with my ex-lover, I was glad to get
the basement room. Recently decorated, the small sunken window provided a very
minimal quantity of light.

This suited my sleeping patterns, as I was stuck in a period of insomnia, my
mind turning over until the early hours of the morning, when finally,
exhausted, my mind would succumb to the sweet oblivion of sleep. Then my body
would rouse me at between ten the next morning or two the next afternoon,
depending on how late I had been preoccupied the night before.

The basement room suited this undefined pattern of a life revolving around
when I could and could not sleep.

But there was one problem that was yet to become apparent. The room in the
basement, of this Victorian house converted to flats, lay under the bedroom of
one of the other converted flats. This was a two room affair with a bathroom
squeezed into the corner.

The first month was lovely, bliss after the shared house I had been living in.
The woman above was peaceful, her hours different to mine, but she rarely made
enough noise to even disturb a cockroach. Let alone my preciously guarded
sleep.

At this point in time I was unaware of the gratitude that I should have
displayed to this anonymous woman, her name now lost to me forever.
Unbeknownst to me, this tranquilty of existence was not to last. She moved
out.

The two rooms and the squeezed in bathroom were advertised as "To Let". It was
less than two weeks before they moved in.

The people who took her place seemed harmless enough in the beginning. A man
and a women, not married and with no obvious heirs apparent. Polite, not
overly friendly and with a work schedule and alarm clock from hell.

A loud beeping noise, every ten minutes over the course of an hour was
disruptive of my treasured slumber on more than one occasion. But not only the
alarm clock. These people wore shoes whilst inside their small residence, and
they stayed up later than was even usual for me, listening to music, watching
T.V. But worse they would then arise at an hour I had heard mentioned in
passing but had not to experience until their arrival in my life. Five, Six,
Seven or Eight in the morning. And they would play music at these ungodly
hours.

Their awakening also seemed to coincide with my lightest patches of sleep.

After the first two or three weeks of this, I went and politely knocked on
their door, in an effort to persuade them, that perhaps these actions were not
entirely reasonable in light of the fact I was trying to slumber beneath their
feet. The second time I had to mention the unreasonableness of their behavior,
they bought me a bunch of flowers by way of apology. This did nothing to help
with the sleep debt I was slowly but surely accumulating. To add insult to
injury, the flowers were from the reduced section, destined for the refuse, if
not into my hand they were placed.

The alarm clock beeping at regular intervals continued. The morning breakfast
show blasted through the floorboards. I gave up knocking on their door. I
started throwing things at the ceiling instead. This seemed to work after a
month or so. No more music, T.V or alarm.

This state of affairs did not continue long, two or three weeks at the most.
It was then that they got the contraption. I am still to this day unaware of
what it was. It produced a continuous humming noise, insidious and insanity
producing. The music started again until the late hours of the evening, but
was compounded, magnified by the humming.

It would fire up at Five, Six, Seven or Eight. A more irritating noise I
cannot imagine. A low roar of humming, not loud enough to be an obvious
nuisance, but not quiet enough to be faded into the background of the sounds
of the modern world. Like the far off thrumming of a pneumatic drill. My sleep
deprivation returned, in spades, to a degree that I had never known before. I
talked to them about it in an indirect manner. They told me they needed the
machine on but not why.

The last straw came after six days of being rudely awakened by this damned
machine before the slightly reasonable hour of Eight AM.

Resolved now, my anger burning like camp fire built too high then left to it's
own devices. I walked up the stairs to the ground floor of the flat I was
sharing. I pulled on my tallest heels and then opened the tool drawer, the
bottom left hand one in the brown chest in the living room.

Inside it lay, as I knew it would. The claw hammer, gleaming in the early
morning light. I clasped my fingers around the soft rubber grip of the handle,
lifted it out of the drawer and swung it experimentally a couple of times. The
dressing gown I was wearing was a deep shade of red. A color through which the
blood would not show.

I opened the door from our flat to the shared entrance hall quietly, hammer
clasped behind my back. I strode across the hall and knocked on their door,
flat number two. He answered it. Normally I would have been too short to reach
the top of his head with the hammer but the for inch heels extended my reach
just enough. I brought the hammer round and swung the clawed end towards his
face. It embedded itself, forcing me to yank hard to retrieve it for the next
blow. I whacked him around the head two more times, as he fell towards the
ground. The blood spattered, marking white walls, carpet and both of us all
over. The women dashed out of the other room, drawn forth by the noise of the
blows and the screams. "Apologize" I ordered, "Apologize for all the rude
awakenings you have given me". She stood there, her eyes wide, her mouth
opening and closing like a goldfish, trapped in the muffled soundless world of
water.

"You had your chance" I screamed as I again brought down the hammer.
"Apologize, you bitch!"

Five minutes later I came to my senses, awareness flooded in. I was standing
in what had been their home, albeit on a temporary basis. Blood and brains
were splattered on every surface I could see. I calmly wiped the hammer before
tossing it down onto her now lifeless body. I returned to the flat I shared
with my ex-lover, leaving the door to their abode wide open.

I discarded the dressing gown, had a long shower and packed a small bag. As I
exited from the shared hallway, I pressed the buzzers on the other three
flats.

The screaming did not start until I was half way down the street.

