### Laying in Silence by WriterDanni

**Date Added:** 2008-08-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A look at an undiscovered crime scene. This is very much on the dark side, and has some mild adult overtones. 

* * *

A leather jacket was dumped carelessly on a bench in the kitchen. Steel-cap
boots with large silver buckles had been seemingly thrown at opposite end of
the lounge. In the bedroom, lay the body.  
  
His torso and feet were bare, the button and zip of his jeans was undone, and
shoulder-length brown hair flayed out neatly across his pillow. This last
would have been a first sight for anyone who had known him; if they had found
the body. Few would have guessed, alive, that the man even knew how to use a
brush.  
  
Instead, lead-singer of Indy-Rock band - 'Rusted Chalice' slowly decayed
alone. He would have hated that. He would have also hated that he died in the
most gossip-worthy fashion to occur to any member of an Indy band in over two
decades - and no one knew. Worse still than even that: The body of his rival,
slain on the same night and by the same killer, HAD been found. Now the cd's
and dvd's of his rival's band were selling faster than the label could produce
them. Jonathan Beechman, better known to his fans as, 'The Beechman
Bloodsucker.' Would have really hated the whole situation, had he been alive
to know about it.  
  
But, that was the thing wasn't it? He wasn't alive, he was dead. Stuck in an
eternal and lonely decomposition. No one had noticed his absence from the
world, and his shiny, marbled, dead eyes would spend eternity locked on the
sight of his favourite old acoustic guitar, the one he had always denied
owning.  
  
Maybe this is what intrigued the killer so much that he returned. Night after
night, in a darkened corner spent watching this body as it rotted away.  
  
Jonathan, when he was alive, had been such a social dependant. He had been one
of those people who detested those who had been left alone. Now, when it
counted most, he was alone himself - A beautiful example of 'poetic irony.'
One that happened to smell really, very, bad.  
  
This had been the killer's ultimate objective in killing Jonathan, as well as
those like him. This is exactly what the point had been. And yet, the lack of
recognition for the deed left him...unfulfilled. Much like the way his victim
would have felt about it.  
  
The man who had once played at being Jonathan Beechman's secret lover, slowly
raised a gun to his head. They would rot together. Jonathan's eyes forever on
the acoustic, Bradley's on Jonathan. They would be each other's fame he
supposed.  
  
BANG!  

