### The Undecided by Mark Shilo

**Date Added:** 2008-08-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   
It was Saturday and going to be a beautiful day after a week of rain. Or was
it? Robert looked down again. It lay there still, quiet in the early spring
morning sun, as if it had popped up like some kind of mushroom where it had
been a little too moist, cool and shady for the past few days. Robert tried to
think, but it was difficult. It was some kind of silly gag, he thought.  
  
It was a human arm on the front steps mat like the morning paper. It was
tanned and bare. It appeared to be from a younger person, gender not clear,
tending towards a medium or slight build. Flesh and bone were visible at the
meaty end where it would have attached to the shoulder, but it did not seem at
all ghastly. It was very clean, as if it had just been delivered fresh from
some neighborhood meat counter. Robert continued to stare down, unsure. There
was only the smallest hint of blood oozing at the severed end, which otherwise
appeared to be drying out.  
  
Robert suddenly closed the door without looking down again. This was most
disturbing. He must call the police at once. But then he wonderedâ€”was it
genuine, a real arm? What if it were some dreadful joke? What a poor one! he
thought. But it did look quite vivid. He could see it now in his mind, laying
there.  
  
After standing behind the door a few moments, Robert opened it again slightly.
The door closed again and Robert shuffled to the telephone, a cautious glance
over his shoulder back towards the front door. As he reached the telephone by
the couch, he half expected some disconnected hand to appear and start
dialing. For some reason then he stopped. What if there were other...things
like this laying around in his yard outside? He might fall under suspicion.
These things just don't magically fall out of the sky. Someone puts them
there. Someone who wanted to cause trouble for him. A vague sense of
uneasiness and fear descended upon him. As always, he knew, he would not be
able to think or decide anything now.  
  
It was too real to be a joke, he thought as his head began to clear at last
somewhat. But then what? He could not pick up the phone. He hated this feeling
of such terrible dread and fear coming back. He knew those feelings, his
companions in a way, he thought. And he knew as always, in the end, that
things were going be his fault. He turned back and opened the door, looking
carefully at the arm, then up and down the street. It was so early still, he
reflected. No cars, no one else up. Maybe the paper boy would come though. Had
he come? Robert did not see the paper. It was still early, must be only about
5:30 or so. But the paper would come soon he knew.  
  
And then it came to him with a jolt. Someone must be scoping him on a
telescopic camera. It would surely just now be poking through the slats of a
neighbor's window blinds. The arm was a wax dummy, and at this moment he was
being filmed, as he thought more rapidly now, for "The World's Funniest
Videos". But it wasn't funny at all.  
  
Robert realized immediately that he was becoming quite queasy. There was a
rushing sound in his ears and he felt a little bend in his knees and then, he
was uncontrollably retching from the depths of his body, not managing even to
save his dignity by closing the door. How awful it had all become so rapidly.
But it was always like that, he thought. He was always the one to be caught
and embarrassed. Everyone thought it was so funny to make him the dunce. He
wanted to shout, but could not. He could not shut out the picture from his
childhood reader of the bad boy in the corner with the tall dunce hat. How he
hated that picture.  
  
Robert's thoughts moved faster and faster. He felt his face grow pale and
cool, then flush darkly. It was a deep anger. He knew that feeling. How sudden
and so strong it was always. And then, it was odd, very odd that he felt
nothing at all. He watched himself open the door once more in a sweeping
motion with one hand. He picked up the arm up from the heavier end and swung
it quickly inside. The tips of the dead fingers brushed so gently in the small
puddle of retch that had spilled along the threshold. How stiff it was, like a
dead cat, but much heavier than he'd imagined.  
  
He shut the door firmly and dropped the arm in the front door hallway by the
coat closet. How loud the thudding sound was. For no reason he could tell, his
eyes were now stinging with tears. He saw himself collapse. He could hear his
breathing, difficult and gulping as he sobbed. How very detached he was, he
thought, feeling nothing as he wept uncontrollably.  
  
At last, Robert's heaving chest slowed. He picked up the arm, then set it
down. What was he doing now? At last, he rose slowly. He saw that his pants
were soiled, smelling of vomit and faintly, blood. A little drink would be
good now, he thought. Leaving the arm, Robert walked with a not quite regular
step into the kitchen and poured out a small glass of Kesslers blend whiskey,
neat. He set the glass on the kitchen table and sat down. He needed to think.
The whiskey would help. He sipped it. How nice it felt, so warm going down.  
  
Soon, the glow of the liquor raised his spirits. It would be OK now, he
thought. Those hard feelings of fear, embarrassment and shame seemed to grow
more distant now. Into the toaster popped the wonderful "Thomas" sourdough
English muffins; "the original nooks and crannies muffins" said the label.
Robert knew he should read labels. Just another touch of Kesslers, he thought,
and then his head would clear. He would feel better, steady.  
  
Robert felt he was now moving back many years and decades to his boyhood. How
he loved to go there, to the protected and loving home and the secure
Christian upbringing. Deeper his mind wandered to the sunny days of youth. He
heard quite clearly in his mind the soft clink clink of milk bottles from the
back porch steps. It was the milkman delivering the milk, he realized
suddenly. We must rush to catch him! What a wonderful cap and uniform he had,
with resplendent yellow jacket and cap, and "Darigold" in fancy red stitching
on the vest. The thin gray and white vertical striped pants were immaculate.
He carried an open wire cage with a half dozen gleaming fresh glass quart
bottles and a few other things. The milkman had already picked up the empties
left in the wire bottle case on the back porch and replaced them with full
bottles. Robert thought of his own boyhood toy milk bottle case with white
painted milk bottles. They were wooden and smaller. How grand it was to carry
them about the house and deliver the milk.  
  
The real delivery happened very quickly. Mother would be cooking and just
barely have time to open the back door as the milkman was leaving and ask for
a pint of your cottage cheese. Robert loved chive the best. And the milkman
would already be handing it up, always ready he was. Sometimes though, he
would have to whisk back to the shiny red and yellow truck out in front. It
had a little vertical folding door like a little bus. It opened on the curb
side so the man could hop in and out to grab something. Then he was gone.
Quick, orderly. He was not like that, but Robert knew that mother was there
always to comfort and guide him. Robert liked that, liked to be taken care of.
He did not like to make decisions most of all. He would be likely wrong, he
knew.  
  
The thoughts were gone then. Collecting himself back to the present, Robert
looked on the floor at the arm. He was alone and safe. No one knew about the
arm. He didn't want it, didn't want to think about it. But he must act, do
something. It was silly but he must take charge of this thing. He picked up
the heavy arm and carried it to the kitchen sink. Turning the water on, he
began washing it and examining it closely, as if to learn some hidden secret.
But there was nothing. It needs washing, he thought, as it likely has many
germs on it. But it was so big, too big, and awkward, he thought. There was
the big old bread knife, and soon he was cutting and chopping. He worked in
silence, his brow knitted in a serious expression. It surprised him how hard
it was to manage. Was it a dream? he wondered. He moved now automatically and
it seemed very much like he was watching himself on some kind of private tv
show. He could feel nothing now, except perhaps a strange sweet arousal. There
was something physical about it, he realized. How ashamed he was then, but he
could not help himself.  
  
The continued exertions, or perhaps a tiny bit more liquor, or both helped him
relax again, and he began to feel better. The remains had become quite
slippery now, and Robert saw also that he had cut his own hand by accident. It
was not serious, but this added to soothing feelings somehow, and even a
feeling of mild release. It had all been so very stressful, he realized.
Robert set down what was left of the arm and squirted a bit of green apple
scented dish detergent on his hands, cleansing himself. He liked the warm
water and suds. It was nice to get things cleaned up a little at last. Drying
his hands on a yellow dishtowel, he walked back to the living room couch,
stretched out, and was soon asleep.  
  
How long later he did not know, he was awakened by the telephone. There was
Nancy, his baby sister. She was a college student in her second year at
Whitworth in Spokane. "Hi Bubbles!" she beamed. That was her name for him
because he liked bubble baths so much. As a younger lad, sometimes it was the
only thing that helped him relax from all the thinking. He needed to stop the
thoughts sometimes, or just slow them down at least. But Nancy was always at
ease, so charming and caring. Not like me, Robert thought.  
  
As always, Robert could think of nothing to say. He managed finally "Hey,
Nanc. Beautiful day. What's it like in Spokane?" He was speaking a little too
loudly. Why was he doing that? It could make her wonder or something. He
noticed then a slender half fingernail sticking on the front of his shirt. He
had to get off the phone. But she kept talking. He was trapped. As she
continued, Robert carried the cordless back to the sink, inspecting it
sharply, along with the counter and floor of the surrounding area. There is no
way she can see this, he thought. He was safe, but he concentrated urgently to
assure himself there were no other errant scraps. It all needed to stay
contained inside the sink. It was terrible to have to listen to Nancy's
rattle, and have to strain so much to remain nonchalant sounding, interested.
How strange that there was no blood. He had thought that there should be more.  
  
"So when are you coming to visit, Bubbles?" she asked. "You said you would you
know, and now that you've been laid off, you have no excuses!" She continued
as he listened silently, "Come on, Robert!" She said at last. She called him
that when she was trying to be seriousâ€”which was difficult for Nancy, Robert
thought. He mumbled back at last that he would think about coming, but she was
already on to another subject and Robert submerged back into his own thoughts,
only half listening, responding with mono-syllables. Then the conversation
slowed. That was bad. He could not let her know he wanted to stop talking. He
tried again to think of things to say, but it was always the same questions
for him. Your subjects? Boyfriends? Doing anything fun? What's the weather
like? It trickled out, the same memorized pattern. It was all he could think
of.  
  
She hadn't been able to reach mom. Their father was deceased several years
ago. Could Robert mention to mother that she needed an extra $200? For books.
"Love you Bubbles," she said at last. "You too Nanc," came his ready answer.
Had she heard that he was anxious? It had been less than ten minutes, but
Robert felt an immense sense of relief as the phone became quiet.  
  
Alone again, Robert thought. But his thoughts were speeding up again. Spokane.
He'd been there once when the family had dropped Nancy off from their home in
Oak Harbor. It seemed far away, a different world from his. And Spokane was a
dumb city, wasn't it? "Whitworth"? Sounded like some stuffy English fart,
Robert imagined, letting out an audible chuckle to himself.  
  
Staring now at the sink, Robert took some plastic wrap and carefully wrapped
the shreds of flesh, tendon, and a long bone in one, two, three, four layers
of plastic for good measure. Then he rolled the lumpy bundle carefully in
newspaper. What to do now? He thought of Arthur Simpson, his old work
associate. He did not like Simpson. It had been one of his happiest days at
the job not many months ago when "Buck" (Simpson's nickname) finally retired.
Simpson was always sure to make a joke about him, always sure to tease or
ridicule. But then, unfortunately, Robert had been laid off just short time
later. The firm was downsizing, he was quietly told by his supervisor, Michael
Saunders. Saunders was always so quiet, Robert thought, but he knew Saunders
did not like him. Even so, just as he was rid of Simpson, now he had to find a
new job. It was always like that, Robert knew.  
  
He suddenly knew he must act; he must take control of this awkward matter. He
carefully wiped up the little mess on the floor with the yellow dish towel and
then wrapped the towel around the newspaper. He found an old box and stuffed
the dish toweled bundle in the box, covering it carefully with grocery sack
paper. Then he taped it all securely and in very careful block lettering, he
addressed the package to "Michael Saunders", making sure the return address
was carefully shown to be from "Arthur Simpson". He moved quickly to his car,
driving to the mailbox in front of Walgreen's down the street and the package
was quickly mailed. Robert was glad he had gotten it off. Had he waited at all
rather than acting on impulse, he knew he would have never have had the
gumption to do it.  
  
Later that afternoon, Robert was surprised to open his car trunk and discover
the rest of the body. It came back to him then, but only in partial memory, as
in a dream. This younger person had wanted a ride, but there was something
about them. They were so vulnerable somehow. And they would not shut up,
talking on and on so incessantly. Robert was the nervous sort, he knew. He
didn't always manage well with people who were too friendly. They wanted
something. They would not leave you alone, would be asking for money. And so,
much later that night after dark, Robert saw himself driving to a lonely area
along the bay a few miles down the road from town. The road led very close to
a small cliff overlooking the sound where the water was quite deep almost all
the time. It was a good place, he knew, to get rid of things.  
  
The next day dawned warm and sunny again, another beautiful morning. Nothing
on the porch today, Robert noted. But then, he saw a very small dark spot
where the arm had been. Just a little blood spot, he knew. Might have come
from a bad cut or somethingâ€”it was nothing to worry about, even though he
needed to be more careful. Definitely, he had been careless. It must never
happen like that again.  
  
He felt the warm spring sun pleasant on his shoulders and neck. He needed to
get away, really get entirely out. What about Spokane? Maybe a new start, a
new town would help him get his mind off things he wanted to forget, wanted to
leave behind forever. Nancy actually liked Spokane quite a lot. Could he find
work there? He knew he needed to think about it a little more. But it was
always hard when he had to think; much better if he could just act on impulse.
He hated it so that he was always undecided.  
  
  
Excerpt from news story years later from web at
http://www.karisable.com/skazyates.htm  
.  
Serial Killer Robert L. Yates, Jr.  
Spokane, Washington  
A middle-aged father of 5, Robert L. Yates Jr. was convicted of 15 murders but
suspected of as many as 18. The most prolific serial killer ever sentenced in
Washington s  

