### Out Of Distriction: LA Breakdown (Part. 1) by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2011-11-22. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** First Part taken from the "explosive" sequel of Out Of Distriction 

* * *

**_It has been a while since my last and first story but because of almost 350 pageviews i was ready to start on it's first of the four sequels that are coming. I split this second part in the story line in two because otherwise i had to find large fiction site i guess. Ok, here is the first part of Out Of Distriction: LA Breakdown. Part 2 will come for sure but if i will continue with this serie depends on the readers (you). If you've not read Out Of Distriction first i recomend you'll read that one first. Enjoy the next part and thanks for your time..._**

Shayne Jackson wakes up after he had a worse dream about his killed brother
blaming him for the matter. Shayne’s girlfriend Caila tells him that she is
not really who she is and told about her relation with a drug dealer called
Horatio Valera back in Los Angeles and that some people want her death. Shayne
introduces his real self now to her because she is also honest with him. The
two leave immediately because she’s in great danger and they are heading to
Miami. When they are on the road they’ve been followed and Shayne can see they
are Mexicans. After a while they start shooting and the pursuit is getting
very dangerous. Caila gets shot and tries to tell but Shayne is busy with the
Mexicans. Then he hits the car of the Mexicans where after they crash and end
up death. Caila now bleeding to death gets Shayne’s attention. She dies in his
arms and only wishes for revenge.

Not a big time later Shayne gets a call from Horatio. He asks Shayne to do a
job for him and the two make an appointment. In LA it seems that Horatio and
Shayne already did a job together in Shayne’s district (Distriction) back in
Miami. Horatio and Shayne will do a drug deal with some Mexicans near the
border. For their own safety Horatio gets a fast car which Shayne will drive
and Shayne bought himself a shotgun. When their ready to do some business they
are going to the meeting where the deal will be done. Its near a small old
little town near the border where they arrive at noon. The Mexicans arrive
soon later and the deal starts. When they are all in the heat of the deal a
Mexican army of gangsters interrupts them and begins to shoot everybody to the
other world. Shayne starts the car and drives to Horatio who is in the
frontline. Horatio, almost got shot while entering the car, gets in and the
two drive away only to be followed by shooting Mexicans. They are followed by
three cars which will be taken down on by one thanks to Horatio and Shayne.
When the last one is getting blown up by a grenade, Shayne and Horatio turn
back to see who the Mexicans are. Horatio recognises a tattoo and it seems
that a competing gang has ruled them out. Their car is wrecked so Shayne
steals an other and the two leave.

Horatio lost his men in the set up and more important, his half brother died.
Shayne and Horatio start to work together and they are either go their way.
Shayne will try to fit in street racing again so he can get more knowledge of
the gangs in Los Angeles and the big people while Horatio uses his contact by
the FBI to search out who’s involved or not. This leads him to Mexico City
where he catches up with is contact and friend Rafael who’s on the run now to
stay alive. The two get some names of the street which leads them almost back
to Cali. They arrive in Tijuana.

Shayne also makes progress and is in a race which is organized by Crazy Dave.
After he wins the race he catches up with an old friend who betrayed him ones
called Crazy Dave. Gangs had his brother kidnapped en could so forced Dave to
betray Shayne. Dave wants to help Shayne in order to forget their relation
troubles which Shayne accepts. With the two of them they do races in the
streets of LA to win fast cars and some money. Dave has a garage where the
cars will be parked, pimped and tuned with the price money won after the
races. Dave and Shayne have a shortlist of people who they maybe need to drive
the cars so the search of two possible drivers starts.

Back in Tijuana Rafael makes clear that the real reason of his price on his
heath is that he ones worked for an big company in the drug dealing business
leaded by las Chavez, perhaps also the one behind the attack which Rafael also
knows about.

Shayne and Dave find two drivers and inform they are hired. After two other
days Shayne gets a call from an old friend, Nick. Nick tells him his fiancé
just has been killed and he is very busy with a murder case. Shayne tells him
about the lovely life in New York where after Nick tells that Shayne is wanted
in all over the USA. Shayne explains the situation and the two end the
conversation. Dave and Shayne are going to a secret weapon dealer to buy some
firepower. After they are ready to leave, a gang of four tries to attack.
Shayne and Dave get ret of it and leave as planned. To pick up the other two
drivers. After the four reunited they are going to Dave’s place. Once their
Shayne makes clear they must be ready to fight and that they can get killed
and also they must finish the cars. A hour later Shayne gets a call from
Horatio who gives the place where they will meet again. After that Horatio and
Rafael are spot by some gang member and they must flee. The two go to the roof
and jump from the one to another roof to loose their followers. After a while
they finally lost them and reach and old house against a small mountain. When
they enter the house an old lady caught them. Instead of panic she informs
she’s on their side. Shayne and Dave are driving to the border while on the
news has been revealed that Shayne, Horatio and Rafael are wanted by the FBI…

