### Syndicate pt. 3 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2011-12-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** ...Part III- Upon request, thank you for all your feedback! 

* * *

** *  * ***

When Will had walked down the sidewalk and heard the scuffle in the alley, he
thought it was going to be another rescue mission of some poor broad. But this
girl… was no poor broad. He wandered in the alley, and came upon the scene of
a fighting machine. This chick kicked ass. And then he saw her punch the other
girl in the face without reservations. And he suddenly had a solution to their
Martha Flannery problem. Not that he _wanted _to hurt Martha. She was a nice
woman. But they had to have the option, just in case it was necessary. So he
introduced himself. She looked at him like he was some weird infectious mold.

“Not interested,” she said, walking away.

“How are you not interested when you don’t know what I’m selling?”

“I think I can guess.”

“I bet not.”

At this point, she turned and frowned at him.

“You’re not interested in me sexually?”

He laughed, which only received a blank stare from the woman.

“I want to pitch you a business proposition,” he explained.

He did think she was attractive though… a few inches shorter than he was, with
shoulder length brown hair and a toned, tan body. He could dig it, even if she
did seem a bit, masculine.

“I’m not buying or investing in anything, sorry.”

“Tell that to someone who wants your money.”

“If you don’t want money, and you don’t want sex, what the hell _do_ you
want?”

Will smiled.

“I want to offer you a job.”

Will knew it was probably a bad idea to offer this woman a job before
consulting Kieran. The more he thought about it, the more uncomfortable he
became. In the end, he decided to leave out the job offer when he recanted the
story for Kieran. If Kieran rejected the idea, he would make up some story to
Carol. She had given him her contact information at least.

But a speed bump presented itself. Will went to the house the next morning,
ready to spill the story. He walked in on Kieran having eggs and orange juice.

“You know our little Martha Flannery problem?” Will said. Kieran put down his
fork and looked at his friend. It was a classic sign to continue. “I think I
have a solution.” Kieran crossed his arms and leaned back. But right when Will
began the story, one of Kieran’s employees rushed in with the phone.

“Can it wait?” Kieran snapped. The man with the phone shook his head.

As Kieran listened to the person on the other end of the line, Will’s stomach
filled with lead. He waited until Kieran had hung up the phone, and put his
face in his hands.

“What is it?” Will asked.

“Alice. She’s… dead.”

So the brandy drinking began. Not even five minutes after he hung up the
phone, Kieran pushed himself into the adjacent sitting room, and poured
himself a glass of liquor. Will indulged in a few glasses as well, but Kieran
out drank his friend.

When Murphy joined them mid-afternoon, Kieran was drunk. When Lia came in
early evening, Kieran was completely wasted. Will began to worry that his
friend would start injecting alcohol into his veins. It was probably an
indirect attempt on his own life. Kieran was usually straightedge, so drinking
_that_ much was like going from 0 to 60mph in less than sixty seconds. Will
made attempts all day to stop Kieran from self-destructing. He offered to make
Kieran a drink, and filled it halfway with water. He made food overly
available, and almost made himself sick eating too much bread in an effort to
tempt Kieran to eat. Will even went as far as playing smooth jazz and soothing
music to try and coax Kieran into a nap. Nothing worked. Kieran was completely
set on drinking himself into oblivion.

Long story short, by the time Lia came in Will was utterly exhausted of ideas.

And now this. Will understood that Kieran was sensitive to Alice’s death. He
had every right to be. She was one of the last people he considered to be
linked with his parents. But while Kieran does nothing, his empire falls
deeper into peril. Will rubbed his forehead and sighed. He was standing
outside the door to Kieran’s room, which was now being guarded by some foot
soldiers.

“Listen. I _need_ to get in the room. “It’s imperative,” Will said, growing
very impatient with these teenagers.

“Sorry, sir. We received strict instructions to let no one in, except a few
staff members,” one of the boys answered.

Will closed his eyes for a minute before pulling out his gun. Both boys threw
their hands in the air to surrender.

“Move aside!” Will yelled and the pointed the gun at them both while they
moved out of the doorway.

Will barged through the doors like a wild boar. Kieran was sitting up in bed.
He rolled his eyes.

“You’re insufferable.”

“Kieran, we have to take care of some business, or things will start to fall
apart,” Will pleaded.

“Close the doors,” Kieran ordered. Will obeyed. “Listen, I really don’t feel
well today. Can’t business wait one more damn day?”

“You don’t feel well because you drowned yourself in brandy yesterday.”

“So?”

“So, we really have to take care of these things.”

“Give me one day to recover. You’re like a damn slave driver.”

“I’m just trying to look out for you.”

There was silence in the room. Will could feel Kieran getting annoyed. It was
the last thing he wanted.

“Can we just discuss like…three things?” Will asked. Kieran was silent. He
looked Will up and down, and finally nodded. “Okay! Item number one, I found a
solution to our Martha Flannery problem.”

“What is it?”

“We hire a girl.”

“What?”

“A chick. She could use force if necessary. It’s a level playing field.”

“No.”

Will shut his mouth. He hated when Kieran rejected his ideas so hastily. Will
rolled his eyes.

“Maybe I should come back later,” Will said, turning to go.

“Maybe you shouldn’t. I gave you my answer.”

“I can’t help but think you did it to spite me.”

“What?”

“I’m making you attend to business, so you’re _trying_ to make this
miserable.”

“I’m not a child.”

“Could have fooled me.” As soon as the words were out of Will’s mouth, he
regretted it. Kieran got silent. A chill ran up Will’s back.

“Maybe you’ve forgotten who’s in charge.”

“Kieran…I…”

“Get the fuck out of my room.”

It was a calm command. Will obeyed immediately. However, once he was a good
distance away from Kieran’s room, he punched the wall, leaving a dent. The
skin on his knuckles broke, but Will just let the blood run down his hand and
drip on the floor.

** * * ***

Monica weighed her options. She was already two minutes late, and this
particular man was not fond of waiting. She tucked the pistol in the holding
strap around her upper thigh. If things got ugly, she would have to use it.
Doing this would reveal her intentions. Her hands began to sweat as she headed
toward the door in the alleyway. A man was guarding it.

“Monica D’alton,” she told him.

“He’s been waiting,” was the response.

Monica nodded. She noticed the bouncer staring at her cleavage. It was nice
cleavage, so who could blame him? He knocked on the door twice, which swung
open immediately. She nodded at the bouncer and stepped inside, greeted by two
other thugs.

They frisked her, as she knew they would. One of the men patted her down. But
her pistol was too close to her crotch for him to feel. When she felt his hand
slide up the inside of her thigh, she stopped him a look, and he pulled his
hand away. If he was accused of molesting a client, the boss would be very
unhappy.

“This way,” the other man said, leading her down a hallway and through a maze
of rooms. She found herself standing outside a door with a large brass crest
on it. There were words in Cuban Spanish on the door.

“Stay here until they let you in. He knows you’re here.”

Monica looked at the door, and back to the man, who had already gone. She
opened a small gold pocket mirror and fixed her lipstick. It was a deep shade
of purple today. Monica snapped the mirror closed and tucked it in her pocket.
She eyed the crest again, and reached up to touch it when the door opened. Her
hand dropped. There were five men in the room. Four were on one side of the
huge dark-stained cherry desk. One was behind it. He had black hair and tan
skin. He wore a ring on each finger. Monica smiled at him.

“Andre…” she said.

“Monica,” he addressed her. “Get out,” he said to the four men in his office.
They all left obediently. “What can I do you for?”

Monica licked her dark lips and strode around the room, brushing her fingers
along the shelves and lamps.

“I want to discuss the certain…_expiration_ of a powerful man.”

Andre raised his eyebrows.

“Who is the object of your intentions?”

Monica felt the air in the room get thicker. She knew what would happen if she
said his name. She still had a choice. Maybe she could make someone up, or
tell him that she would come back later. But she had already come this far. If
she didn’t take risks, she would never get revenge on the cruel couple that
crippled her life. So she braced herself.

“Kieran O’Meara.”

The shock openly registered on Andre’s face. His mouth fell slightly ajar and
his face fell. After a few moments of stunned silence, Monica felt the
repercussions register in Andre’s mind.

“Monica! You must never, never say that again. Do you have any idea-“ Andre
stopped talking and pushed himself to his feet, hurrying over to close the
blinds in the room and lock the door.

“But…”

“Do you have any idea how much risk you are putting yourself at right now?”

“Yes.”

“You’re insane.”

“No. I’m looking for someone to help me get revenge. Someone to rocket me
straight to the top. I would bring that _someone_ with me.” She winked at
Andre. He pushed his thin, purple tinted sunglasses up his nose.

“Do you know who Ripper is?” Andre asked her. Monica rolled her eyes.

“Here we go…”

“Even if you were to succeed in killing Kier- your target, you would have to
try and evade him. You would have to be on the run until he finally gets you.
And he always gets his target.”

“You’re useless.”

“I’m sane.”

“Fine. But don’t think you will gain my good graces once I take Kieran’s
place,” she said, turning to leave.

“Monica. I like you. And because I like you, I am not going to tell anyone
about this lapse in your judgment. I am going to hope that you will come to
your senses soon.”

Monica started towards the door.

“But don’t think others will give you the same courtesy.” Andre warned.

Monica pulled sunglasses out of her pocket and put them on.

“Every man dies eventually. Change your mind, you know where to find me.”

** * * ***

Lia didn’t know if her chat with Kieran had changed anything. She assumed that
her life would continue in the same fashion as always. So, she was genuinely
surprised when she got a call on her home phone around seven in the morning.
Her little siblings were already awake and running around to get ready for
school. Her mom barged into the small room she shared with the dog.

“Phone,” her mom said, throwing it on her bed.

“Hello?” Lia said, rubbing the effects of sleep from her eyes.

“Lia, it’s Tyler. Your presence is requested here. Immediately.”

A click sounded on the line. That was brief. She could barely register his
words. Tyler was one of the daytime employees for Kieran O’Meara. _What?_ She
frowned to herself. But…she had to attend class. Lia crawled to her feet. She
couldn’t lose her job. Perhaps one day of missed classes wouldn’t be too bad.

She arrived at the house half an hour later, and went directly to Kieran’s
room. She arrived in time to see Will storm out through the doors and down the
hallway. There were men guarding the door. She approached timidly.

“I was requested to come here immediately. My name’s Lia,” she said. They
nodded at her and stepped aside. One of them opened the door for her. She
nodded thanks at him and entered.

Kieran was in his bed, looking slightly pale. When he saw her, he gave her one
of his rare smiles. It ignited fireworks in her stomach.

“Lia,” he addressed her.

“Sir.” She nodded at him.

“I’m sorry to ask you here so early.”

“It is not a problem, other than my classes, sir.”

Kieran’s smile faded.

“Your classes… I apologize. I did not realize you were in school.”

“No need to apologize sir.” It room became silent. Lia looked up bashfully
into Kieran’s beautiful, clear eyes. “Is there something, I can do for you?”
she asked.

“I just wanted to start your shifts earlier, but you should attend class.” He
nodded at her. “That’s all. I’ll see you tonight.”

Something inside Lia stirred. She was paid almost twenty dollars an hour to
work for him. It was very good work. She would hate to lose this job. And she
also wouldn’t mind working full time for him like he wanted. But her desire to
teach kids was strong.

Lia turned to go, but stopped. She had already accepted missing a day of
classes. A weird desire to stay with him gnawed at her. She turned again.

“I already told my professors I wouldn’t be attending class today.” She
paused, almost afraid to ask him to grant her yearning. “Would it be alright
if I stayed the day?”

Kieran’s eyes met hers.

“Yes.” He paused. “I’m not feeling well today. Can you stay with me?”

“Yes sir!” Lia smiled happily, then felt like a fool and wiped the smile off
her face. “What can I get for you?”

“Water. And some toast.”

“Sir,” she said with a nod, and left the room. Her feet felt light as she
entered the kitchen. A whole day with Kieran made her heart flutter like a
butterfly’s wings. The reason for her joy; however, evaded her. It was
probably due to her desire to spend more time with him. He was an interesting
person, and she had always wanted to know more about him. Her excitement was
probably due to an opportunity to learn about him.

When she returned to the room, another man was there. He was sitting in a
chair a few feet from Kieran’s bed. He was dressed plainly, but he was fairly
handsome. Lia noticed a shiny silver ring on his ring finger. The man glanced
at Lia briefly, but kept talking.

“…come on Kieran. You know this town better than the men that made it. Give me
_something._ Anything.”

“The men that made this town were fools. There are others who know it better
as well. Why not go to them?” Kieran asked as he accepted the water and toast
from Lia.

“You know the answer to that.”

“Are you sure you don’t want anything to drink or eat?”

“I’m positive, thank you. I just want a name.”

“Any name?” Kieran said with a tiny smile.

“Any name that can lead me somewhere.”

“Alright. But I will demand reciprocation. You willing to comply?”

“I was expecting as much.”

“Is that a yes then?”

The man nodded his head. It took Lia a few moments, but she realized this man
was a cop. The half-hidden badge clipped to his belt told her as much. She had
given no thought to the idea, but it made some sort of weird sense.

“Okay,” Kieran said. “Tell me again.”

“Serial rapist. North side. Chokes his victims until they pass out. Then he
ties them up and goes to town.”

“Not a killer?”

“No.”

Kieran was silent for a few minutes, resting his head on the headboard of his
giant bed.

“Talk to Jimmy Walters. Don’t tell him who sent you. Make something up. He
knows what happens up there. Threaten him to lock him away for conspiracy to
murder if he doesn’t talk. Mention nothing else.” Kieran looked at Lia now.
“Lia, go ask Joe to bring me my medication.”

“Sir,” Lia responded, leaving the room again. Joe was the only one trusted
with Kieran’s medication. He was a large black man that worked for Kieran
since the accident.

She came back with Joe behind her, Kieran’s pills in hand. Joe gave Kieran the
meds, and Kieran dismissed Joe with a wave of his hand. Lia stood in the
corner again.

“…A note?” Kieran asked.

“The words were cut from a magazine. No handwriting. No leads.”

“You know that warehouse is mine, Pete. Why did you investigate?”

“Captain saw the note. We can’t just blatantly ignore the law Kieran.”

Kieran laughed in response. “I’ve seen you do it before.”

Pete rolled his eyes. ”We can’t investigate a source of information that
thoroughly. Whoever wrote it, wants to remain anonymous. We have to spend more
time investigating the source of the drugs. If we don’t, it looks suspicious.”

“It _is_ suspicious.” Kieran smiled with half of his mouth. “Makes it look
like you’re consorting with drug lords and bad men that engage in illegal
activity.”

“Thanks for the warning there, chief,” Pete sighed. “I’m already up to my neck
in this shit.”

“Look at the bright side. You’re going to catch a serial rapist if you play
your cards right. You’ll be a hero.”

“No I won’t. This just evens out all the bad activity I do.”

“Yeah. But _they_ don’t know about all that.”

“Well,” Pete said, standing up. “It’s been a joy as always. But I have to get
back to fighting crime.”

“And engaging in it.”

“Shut up you bastard,” Pete said with a laugh. Kieran winked at him.

“Remember my instructions.”

“I will.” Pete stopped at the door and turned back. “Oh, and, sorry about your
warehouse.”

Kieran shrugged in response, and then replied, “you win some, you lose some.”

Lia pretended that she heard none of it. Kieran ate his toast and swallowed
his medication. He watched the muted television mounted on the wall in front
of his bed. Eventually, he leaned his head back again, and looked over at Lia.

“If I even see brandy again, I’m going to throw up. I have the worst fucking
headache,” Kieran said, pressing his hand to his forehead.

“Can I get you something to make it better?” Lia asked softly.

“Yeah. Advil, Ibuprofen… something. I have some in the mirror cabinet in my
bathroom.”

Lia went into his bathroom. The last time she was in that particular room was
last night, when she was helping Kieran sober up. But she hadn’t had time to
notice the grandeur. It was completely made of marble with skylights overhead.
The tub was huge, and everything had been remodeled so that it was handicap
friendly. Everything was lower to accommodate Kieran. The sink was as high as
Lia’s waist. There were mirrored cabinets over the sink. She began to open
them. A gun was attached to the inside of one. She shut it immediately, trying
to calm her racing heart. Lia had never seen a gun so close. She finally found
the painkillers, and brought the bottle out to Kieran. He took two pills as
soon as she handed the bottle to him. Lia grabbed his empty plate and butter
knife to take to the kitchen. Kieran grabbed her arm, and nodded towards the
nightstand beside his bed.

“Leave them for now,” he commanded. She did. “Sit down.”

She sat in the seat Pete had been formerly sitting in. Kieran watched the T.V.
for a bit longer, than looked to Lia again.

“Press play on the stereo,” he said. Lia got up and obeyed. A woman’s voice
filled the room. It was soothing. “This was my mother when she was in
college.” Kieran and Lia made eye contact for a moment. Then Kieran leaned
back into the headboard, and his eyes closed. A few minutes later, his head
fell to one side. He was napping.

Lia studied his face. It was so defined and handsome. She surveyed his neck
and shoulders. His shoulders and biceps were strong and muscular from the
years of pushing himself around in his chair. A few veins stood out on his
arms, running up to his biceps. His hands weren’t very large, and they weren’t
too small either. She looked at her own hands, and then at his. They were a
few sizes bigger than hers at least, and they seemed to be the right size for
his body. Lia had no idea how tall he would stand. The last time she had seen
him stand was when he was newly twenty years old. Only a few months into his
twentieth year he was robbed of the ability to walk.

When one of the guards opened the door to speak with Kieran, Lia shook her
head at him. He nodded at her, and closed the door softly again. Lia looked
back at Kieran to make sure the sound of the door hadn’t woken him. His eyes
were still closed. So Lia drew her legs up to her chest and hugged them while
she continued to watch the steady rise and fall of her boss’s chest.

** * * ***

Carol had no idea what to do. She hadn’t accepted the man’s offer. His name
was Will. He didn’t present a last name. He seemed slightly dangerous, which
was why she had trouble getting to sleep that night. His offer, everything
about him, had excited her, had tempted her. At kickboxing she trained
particularly vigorously. She had regained a purpose again. He said he would
contact her in three days to receive her answer.

When she awoke the next morning, the job was the first thing on her mind. The
work day was a blur. She hadn’t even noticed when the short-skirt girl smiled
at her. One of Carol’s legs continuously bounced. She only felt this way
before a big fight, when she decided to engage in kickboxing fights. Her boss
came in and asked for a status report. She had barely heard him. The blood was
pumping loudly in her ears. She wasn’t mean for this. This couldn’t be her
life. She needed more. Carol slammed her fist down on the desk and stood. Her
boss tilted his head to one side questioningly.

“I’m sorry. I have to quit.” She couldn’t stop the words from pouring out of
her mouth any more than she could stop her own heart beat. Her boss frowned
slightly, obviously confused. But he said nothing as she emptied her desk of
her own personal belongings. He was a sweet man.

“Okay, Carol, just let me know if there’s anything I can help you with…” he
said slowly. They would have no problem replacing her, so she wasn’t worried.

“Thank you.” And Carol left the office with a huge smile on her face.

