### The Break In by dazpearce

**Date Added:** 2011-12-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A break in at a family home has devastated the occupants of a quite urban house. Max confronts the thief but he gets away with the family possessions. He feels like he could of done more.Adopted very young by Steven and Janet mason Max feels guilty the robber got away with his mum and dads most trea 

* * *

The morning after the night before . . .

I have never really liked the rain, but today the constant drizzle and
depressing grey skies seemed almost inviting. The pitter patter at the window
was mocking me, inviting me to go out and get drenched. I didn't mind, though.
I needed to get out of the house for a while and clear my thoughts. It had
been nine hours since I'd confronted the burglar who'd been ransacking our
lounge. I kept going over the break-in again and again, guilt panging at my
gut, wondering if I could have done more to stop him.

The atmosphere in the house was emotionally overwhelming. I'd never heard Mum
and Dad shout at each other - that had never, ever happened before.

Our house is a five-bedroom, 1900’s terrace style, located in a quiet and safe
area of town – well, it was until last night. The two large, comfortable
reception rooms are always kept immaculate by Mum until Dad and I mess them up
again. Today was a different kind of mess. Our castle had been ransacked and
violated by an unknown thief who had left filthy footprints everywhere.

The police told us not to touch anything as they wanted to comb for evidence.
That gave my Dad some hope because there were footprints everywhere. The
dresser drawers had been pulled out and left on the carpet, obviously just
tipped into the large rucksack the burglar had been carrying. The top drawer
contained everything from passports to credit cards and cash, but what seemed
to upset Mum the most was the irreplaceable digital photo frame containing
family pictures. Mum's sparkly things had also been stolen, which devastated
her. Nan had given her the wedding ring she'd worn for thirty years before
she'd died – it was her most valued possession. I hated seeing Mum and Dad
like this. They have always seemed so happy and content, except for when Kate
left home to go to university.

My parents, Steven and Janet Mason had been married for over twenty years, and
a little over eleven years when they adopted me. I don’t remember being
anywhere else because I was so young. They welcomed me into their family and
have been Mum and Dad ever since. Mum is a beautiful, petite lady with kind,
warm features. She's always smiling. Her laughter is abundant due to Dad's
really bad jokes. She says he's like Peter Pan, and will never grow up.

Dad is an equally kind and cheerful man, who always found time to play silly
games with me, as he had with Kate, their daughter, before she grew up and
flew the nest to uni two hundred miles away. His receding hairline just adds
to his striking features and, at five feet seven inches, he looks like a bull
terrier in the nicest possible way. It broke my heart to see them so upset -
Mum sitting in the kitchen, sobbing tear after tear, and shouting at Dad “I
can’t live here anymore; we have to move”.

Her dark brown hair was stuck to her face from crying constantly since 3 a.m.
Dad was pacing up and down, brewing to explode any second, which was also a
first as far as I knew. I made up my mind I needed to go out for a walk. I
would slip out the back for a while, hoping they wouldn’t notice. They never
let me go out on my own, so I made sure I wouldn't be too long. I was just
about to make my move when the doorbell rang. Dad opened the front door to let
the policeman and forensic team in, giving me the opportunity to leave while
they were occupied.

I quietly went out the back door and slipped through a hole in the fence where
I'm sure the burglar had entered our garden the night before. Glass was on the
floor of the back porch from the window being smashed. By the time I got
through the fence, the rain had stopped lashing down, but it had already
soaked me to the skin.

I started walking at a brisk pace, unsure where I was going to go, but figured
the fresh air would do me good. After five minutes of splashing through
puddles on my way to an unknown destination, my mind started drifting back to
the prior night. A sudden pang reminded me of the sheer terror I'd felt when I
realised we'd had an unwanted intruder. I watched as other drenched people
hurried on their way to reach the warmth of their offices or homes, but
couldn’t ward off my thoughts about the break- in. I started to try and make
sense of the night before, starting from the early evening. Maybe I could
remember something important, and just maybe Mum would be able to get her
treasured belongings back.

  
The Intruder . . .

I had been relaxing in the dining room on the couch, trying to keep my eyes
open, but was failing miserably. I preferred to be here, where it was nice and
quiet. It was a spacious room, with high Victorian ceilings, which made the
dining room or "chill out room" as Dad called it, look grand and inviting. The
fire from the turn-of-the-century fireplace made the room glow, and it was
impossible not to be drawn to the inviting couch. The room contained just a
small table, a couch, and a computer desk with a large TV monitor. Apart from
the family pictures on the wall - that was pretty much everything in there. I
loved that room because it was so peaceful and tranquil, which suited me just
fine. As I snoozed, Mum and Dad shared a bottle of wine in the lounge, as they
watched their usual Saturday evening programs.

I must have fallen asleep because the fire was almost out and it was pitch
black outside. Mum peered around the door and told me to go to bed. I told her
I would, in a minute. She knew I'd still be in the same spot in the morning,
as I often traded my bed for the comfort of the dining room. Mum and Dad made
their way up to the third floor attic room to sleep off the second bottle of
merlot they always shared on the weekends. The room was still very toasty,
although the fire was just embers. I was losing a fighting battle to keep my
eyes open. It felt as if lead weights were on my eyes which even matchsticks
wouldn't have been able to keep open. I dozed in and out of consciousness
until the early hours of the morning, watching the moon peep through the
clouds with its hypnotic glow shining in tandem with the slow tick of the
clock above the fire surround.

My eyes had just started to give way again when I heard a muffled crack from
somewhere in the kitchen. The grotesque tree Dad had purchased from his
frequent trips to the Garden Centre must have whipped the window again, I
thought. My heart stopped thumping pretty quickly, and I soon slipped back
into dreamland.

I dreamed of a dark and run-down warehouse, with litter everywhere, exhibiting
remnants of more prosperous times. I had no idea what I was doing there, and I
became uneasy, feeling I was not alone. Someone was in here with me, but not
the welcoming friendly type. I slowly made my way through the gloom, spotting
something at the far end of the building. The door was rusty and was slowly
opened opened, the hinges squeaking like fingernails down a chalkboard. I
tried to remain silent, but my heart was beating rapidly, like a bongo drum. I
was certain that whoever was behind the door could hear its thump-thump-thump.
A rustling noise from behind the door startled me, but what frightened me even
more was the fact that I knew I wasn’t dreaming anymore.

I felt sick to the bottom of my stomach. The dream had really unnerved me. Mum
wouldn’t try to scare me on purpose, and neither would Dad, so why the
sneaking around? The wide hallway was usually a welcoming place, with large
balustrade stairs leading up to two floors. The lounge and dining room lead
off to the kitchen, cloakroom and utility room at the end of the hall.
Tonight, the shadowy hall seemed daunting. The door was now a quarter-way open
now. I braced myself for the fright my imagination had built up. Whoever was
behind the door must have realised that the slower you open it, the more noise
it makes.

The big, heavy door swung open to reveal a giant of a man, well over six feet
tall. From the limited amount of light shining from the upstairs landing, I
could make out his features and see his dirty clothing. He was very slim, and
had a pointed nose and chin. I could see an almost two-inch scar running
across his skeletal cheekbone. He wore a dark wool hat, and his coat and
faded, stained jeans were filthy with dirt. He was carrying a huge hiker-type
backpack.

For what seemed like minutes, we stared at each other, neither certain what to
do next. The intruder scowled at me, which made him even more frightening, if
that was at all possible. Even though he was more than four feet away from me,
the foul odor of his unwashed body and clothing was overwhelming. Without
thinking, I shouted as loud as I could, "Mum – Dad - help - please help."

The man seemed to panic and ran down the hall towards the back door of the
kitchen. I gave chase and caught up with him surprisingly easily. The laminate
floor was quite slippery, which caused me to slide straight into the intruder
as he tried to escape. I took my chance and grabbed his arm, still calling for
help. The light in the kitchen was non-existent, and I could barely see the
end of my nose. Then, a thud on the side of my jaw almost knocked me
unconscious, which gave the man enough time to slip out of the house and away.

My head hurt badly, and I could taste the sweet metallic taste of blood in my
mouth. My legs gave way and I sank to the floor, trying to catch my breath.
Suddenly, the light came on in the kitchen, and I saw Dad standing there with
an anxious look on his face. He ran over to me and held me in his arms, all
the while saying over and over again "It's okay, it's okay."

I heard a haunting cry of disbelief come from the lounge. Obviously Mum was
downstairs too. We made our way to the devastation in the living room, and saw
Mum on her knees, sobbing. All the drawers had been turned over and several
items were clearly missing from the dresser and the shelves. The carpeting
from the kitchen entrance, right through to the lounge, were caked in muddy
footprints from the intruder who had violated our home.

I tried to settle down and get some sleep, but to no avail. Dad's voice was
very sharp and angry as he spoke to the police on the phone. I could hear him
explaining the break-in, and as he did, his voice raised several notches -
"What do you mean you will be here in the morning? I want you round here now!"

I decided to go to bed, feeling guilty for not holding on. If only I could
have gripped the man tighter, for just a few more seconds, Dad would have been
there to help me.  
  
I settled down and tried to sleep. Dad came in and sat by me, stroking my head
with his rough, work-worn hands. I could not imagine that kind and gentle man
ever hurting anyone or anything. My crying must have been louder than I
thought and he whispered, "Hush, shhh,", which helped settle me down. His
soothing voice soon had me drifting away into a broken sleep.

The Encounter. . .

The rain had completely stopped and I must have covered at least half a mile,
almost at running pace. Without realizing it, I was headed towards Sand Lane,
a small shopping strip on the edge of town. I passed a small convenience
store, a fish and chip shop, and a Post Office on the left side of the road.
To the right, I noticed a beautiful flower display in the florist shop, and
finally came to the Fox and Hound, one of only three pubs in our small town.
Lunchtime was upon us - my stomach had been telling me that for the last hour.
The pleasant aroma of fish and chips sizzling away at the 'Happy Fryers Chip
Shop' snapped my brain into complete awareness. I was feeling cold, wet and
very hungry. Home was a comforting thought. Just another mile or so and I will
head for home, I thought. I shouldn't be too long.

I passed the pub, heading towards the next small group of shops and then the
park. Sand Lane Park would be my last port of call before heading home. I
didn't notice the lady with the pram walking towards me from the hair salon,
and walked straight into her path. She muttered something unrecognisable, then
went on her way. The grey clouds seemed to be following my every move, because
by the time I reached the park gates, the heavens had opened up again.

The day is just getting better and better, I thought. I turned around towards
home, deciding to give the park a miss. The side road was clear so I ran
across, passed the hairdressers and made my way towards the pub. Not far now.
I will be home in the warm soon.

To keep the rain out of my eyes, I bowed my head, taking care to watch where I
was going this time. The pub was just ahead, so I sped up and so did the rain.
The Fox and Hounds had a lean-to at the side of the pub that had been built
for smokers after the ban. I decided to make my way over there and wait until
the rain slowed a bit. The smoking shelter was more or less empty, apart from
two men who were quietly chatting. The first man was very short and looked as
if he liked his beer. To say he was as tall as he was round would not be an
exaggeration, and his chin was just another part of his neck. He seemed to be
disinterested in what the other man was showing him, and quickly made his
excuses to go back inside for another pint.

The other man was standing in profile, with his coat collar covering half his
face. He looked disheveled, with his scruffy long coat and soaked jeans. I was
starting to feel very uneasy about this man. It had been very dark last night,
but I could have sworn it was the intruder. Was my mind playing tricks on me?
Was I getting paranoid?

The clouds started to brush away, revealing large patches of uninterrupted
sky. It was time to make a move. I walked at a snail's pace past the tall man
to prove to myself I wasn't going crazy. I observed the same unpleasant odor I
had smelled the night before, as well as a large rucksack lying to the side of
him on the ground, which I had not noticed before. My stomach turned and it
felt like a thousand butterflies were flying around inside me. I felt
physically sick at the thought of meeting this man for a second time. The
whole scenario threatened to completely overwhelm me but I tried to stay
focused.

My mind replayed the previous night's ordeal in fast-forward, which made anger
replace my fear. I was twelve feet away, still walking, with adrenaline
building up to a fever pitch. The man seemed to recognise me, so I had the
upper hand. I made up my mind to snatch the rucksack that was sitting beside
him. It was obvious to me he had been trying to sell our stuff to the fat man,
without much success. That fact angered me more. Why would the man not buy
Mum's special items? The coiled spring of anger was ready to charge. I had to
do it now before I lost my nerve, or my life, if he spotted me.  
  
My legs started to tremble and I could quite easily have released my bowels in
terror – so I ran as fast as I could towards the bag. I was only inches away
from my prize. The man finished his cigarette – and I grabbed for his bag.
Nothing was going to stop me now, so I leapt, and held onto it with all my
strength. The man scowled at me again, spittle running down his chin.

He growled through clenched teeth "You again! Get off my bag you little shit".

A crowd started to gather around us. Strangely, they seemed to want to assist
the man but there was no way I was going to let go. A bystander tried to grab
me, saying, "Let go! Leave him alone!"

I couldn't believe my ears. Me let go? This man is the thief! More people were
coming to the man's assistance, and things were getting out of control. The
bag's zipper started to tear, revealing what I had known all along – all our
items inside. Another voice shouted through the crowd, "Get off him; leave him
alone."

At first I wondered, what is the matter with these people? but then realised –
it was my Dad! More contents of the bag spilled onto the pavement, which
showed Dad why I was wrestling with this man. Dad shouted at the bystanders,
"This man is a thief! Those are my possessions."

A bystander who had come to the thief's rescue was now helping Dad, and
grabbed hold of the tall man. Dad looked angrier than I had ever seen him. He
raised his arm and punched the thief in the centre of his face, making his
mouth and nose bleed. Three more people came from the crowd to help subdue the
burglar, holding him down on the pavement until the police arrived. The fat
man from the pub came outside to see what all the fuss was about. He laughed,
saying, "'About time someone done something about that slimy git".

Back at Home . . .

We arrived home about two hours later, after visiting the police station. The
officer-in-charge of the rash of break-in's informed us that the man, Clive
Hicks, was perhaps responsible for up to twenty six other robberies. Dad
opened the front door to a very happy, smiling Mum. They were full of praise,
but had been quite worried about me slipping away like that. From what I
gathered, Mum had spotted me making my escape and asked Dad to go find me in
the car. Lucky for me, they had correctly assumed I would make my way to the
park.

After today's incident, I was very weary and decided to go to my favourite
couch for a snooze. Mum and Dad sat down next to me and patted me on the head.
Dad said, "Max, we are so proud of you, but I think we are going to have to
change your name to "Super Dog". They can call me what they like, as long as I
get a bone out of it.

The End

