### Vampiric Strings by Dansommer121

**Date Added:** 2012-01-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The strings of the plot are being drawn several players brought into play, Vampires and Crime seem a natural mix for one confused Vampire in London City. 

* * *

Vampiric Strings

London 2010

Quartz nightclub  
00:30  
  
The music pumped the vibrations loud and aggressive, he liked it, he liked it
a lot. This was Yuri's first trip to London, a student or at least he was for
the moment. During his life he had done many things taken on many aliases,
being a student was the easiest. Anyone fits in a university, he had always
been surprised that nobody tried to be his friend. he laughed at the thought
of friends was he lonely? Yes I suppose he was, still he didn't think he was
boyfriend material still a shag is a shag, lonely as it Is. so self absorbed
in this one man conversation that he hadn't noticed the barman ask him for his
order, he apologised and wearily asked for a large vodka. Something else he
had failed to notice was the two women dashing glances at him smiling
laughing, could this be tonight's meal, flashing a smile back. as he did so he
moved closer open and flirtatious in his body language, over the years he had
become good at that: observing. He must of got it wrong however as they
slipped back into the jungle that was the dance floor. He sat in his favourite
chair in the corner of the club just on the edge of the dance floor he liked
to watch the women dance. The benefits of a long life , he loved clubs the
rhythm the noise, sound and lights, then a particular girl caught his eye not
what most would consider gorgeous, but what she lacked in facial beauty she
more than made up for in her body curved and graceful, oh and the way she
danced it was too good to resist, he'd always considered using his gifted
vampiric charm to be cheating, still she didn't mind and before he knew it
they where dancing in tandem, cloth touched leather, the colours span faster,
the sound stronger, she was driving him mad, he lunged for her and she
accepted his domination, they kissed ,so fiercely and passionately that he
nearly gave to temptation there and then. Then almost as he thought it they
were ripping off each others clothes fast and violently, she breathed louder
and faster, it got heavier and he got stronger driving forward hard and fast,
her eye's lit with fire and passion this was it's hight then a deep low moan
from inside her began, he felt her moisten and loosen the pleasure was
unimaginable, he had done this a thousand times, however this was the most
glorious, oh but she hadn't finished yet he kept driving forward. such force
was cursing through their bodies he could sense her breasts grow large and
firm he took them and ran his hand over the new feature smooth and dent less
ripe then his chest was pressed against her, her breathing fast and heavy then
he felt a sharp pain in his neck she bit him in her pleasure, he wanted it to
go on long into the night but the animal inside him took over and he sank deep
into her neck most women wreak in pain at this point not this time however, no
she let out the biggest moan of pleasure he had ever heard, some time later
she finally stopped the heavy pleasured breathing. His thirst was sated the
nicest feed he'd ever had. He ran into the night recovering, the woman was
dead a vampire she would not become, did he ever feel guilty? no was the short
answer, his view had always been that mortals are tools to be used, exploited.
As he disappeared in the night, one fact bothered him: he did not usually
leave evidence, he doubted the police would take a vampire seriously. It made
him laugh that so many vampires worked in the criminal underworld yet the
police did not know or care of their existence.  
  
Santa Gria, Brazil  
17:45  
  
Mark Keyes was on holiday at last. It had been a long time coming, he only got
two weeks off don't get him wrong, he loved his job it's just it was tiring
and time consuming. He enjoyed his holidays but it made him lonely. His only
true friend lived hundreds of miles away and he distanced himself from his
colleagues when on holiday, which was rare however he took comfort in his
routine: he would swim in the morning, go for lunch, then have a walk in the
afternoon. He thought a lot probably why he walked so much. He was always
surprised that his wife had left he could never work out why?, maybe it's
because he thought to much. He enjoyed the peace of not having a case to solve
although it made his mind wonder. He tended to attract attention of the female
kind, he rarely paid any attention however, as he had his own problems to
worry about. Suddenly he heard someone cry out, immediately he looked up he
squinted in the distance. He could see four boys in an orange dingy, the woman
next to him was crying out in German, fortunately during his time in MI6 he
had accumulated many languages, German was one of them. The woman was quite
beautiful although probably not something he should be thinking about. He saw
the dingy tip. He'd seen enough he ran into the water, swimming as fast as his
body could handle. Adrenaline picked up the slack swimming faster he was
pushing himself to the limit, his clothing became baggy and weighed him down,
yet he couldn't remove them without reducing the speed. He looked up, he was
nearly there, the boys where struggling he'd got there, but getting back was
going to be the hard part. His heart beating fast, his lungs filled with
water. He pulled the string he swam as fast as he could. His arms fast became
tired and unusable, he thought he was about to die. He laughed to himself,
after all he'd done and been through he would die in an ocean without gunfire
or swearing. Then with relief he realised he could touch the ground beneath
him. He arrived on the shore he had never been so grateful to be on the sand
than now. He looked up, the lifeguard could not believe what he'd just seen
him do. Then he felt arms wrapping around him, it was the woman all she could
say was thank you "danker danker!" he smiled and said "it's really no problem"
she fussed over him, saying "get out of those wet clothes" and " you must be
cold" she pushed a towel at him. He pulled off his wet shirt he was absolutely
sodden. His body was hardened, well formed like a rock. A perfect six pack he
laughed at the notion, but he knew it was true. His body at closer inspection
was covered in scars bullet wounds and bruises, a tapestry of missions and
arrests undercover ops and murders. She was clearly impressed by his shape,
the scars of battle only deepened her intrigue. She ran her finger down one
particular scar, it ran from his chest to the top of his belly button. It was
a Russian orthodox cross, the scar was old but he winced none the less. He
snapped to his senses, why was he letting her touch him as if they'd known
each other for years. He was about to remove her hand when she tiptoed to
reach his ear and whispered "thank you for saving my students let me repay
you" shocked to find out that she was there teacher, he knew what she was
implying he nodded she added "come" he looked her in the eyes "what about your
students" she gestured to a man and spoke German to him, he nodded and went
off. She looked back at mark and said "he's my assistant he'll look after
them" she took his hand and led him off once inside the flat she found him
irresistible. Kissing her, he couldn't keep his hands off her he felt
wonderful better than he had in along time. could this be the love he was
missing?  
  
London apartment 643  
Orwell road  
05:36  
  
DI Richard Chambers was relatively new. Many believed he only got the post
because his father was the commissioner. He had never had a chance to prove
himself. His colleagues mistrusted him, although it hardly surprised him he
was after all working under a legend: DCI Mark Keyes. A man nearly hero
worshipped by his colleagues. He solved crimes like a machine he had the
respect of everyone. It was hard not to like him, Chambers however, must be
the only man who didn't which made colleagues even more distrustful of him. He
hated Keyes methods. He often used violence he was an undercover specialist by
trade. Chambers couldn't understand why they didn't respect him, his
background was in the PSNI he had been shot at and nearly blown up, yet people
didn't trust him. He hated being woken up this early especially when it was
mid winter and freezing, he remembered it grudgingly. At around four in the
morning his phone had rang, he was trying to work out what it was, when
suddenly the world came into focus, he grabbed the phone and said, half awake
and half asleep "what?!" a resignfull voice was on the other end, it was his
DC "sir there's been a murder" oh how Chambers hated those words. To be honest
he didn't help himself. In the eyes of his colleagues he was lazy and Keyes
often scolded him for it. He got up brushed his teeth, shaved and had
breakfast. For a man meant to be investigating a murder he was pitifully slow,
he put on his long dark coat. Still dark his hands freezing. The glass was
frosted he finally arrived an hour late. He casually strolled into the
apartment. It was crawling with police officers, he saw some kids on the way
in they looked as Keyes would put it "decidedly dogey" after this judgement
Keyes would've kicked one in the arse and make some threat. Not Chambers
though, he didn't care. He went into the flat he made a note of the fact it
seemed not to be forced entry, the victim knew the killer he deduced. Going
into the bedroom he saw the body, the room was covered in blood, so was the
body. From what he could see she was naked her clothes spread throughout the
room. The killer wasn't messy he could see that, he was just careless. He
donned a pair of gloves and checked the body: only one visible wound a
puncture mark on the neck, not this much blood from one wound surely? He was
angry he knew he didn't have the experience to deal with this, He was out of
his depth. he sighed, she had beautiful black hair and a good body

she may have once been beautiful. He looked toward his DS and nodded with some
resignation in his voice he said "get DCI Keyes"  
  
Del Santi Hotel, Brazil  
09:00

Mark was laying on the bed his arms behind his head. The German woman he had
come to know was called Maria Causenburg. She was sprawled across his chest
asleep she looked so beautiful like that. This was the happiest he'd been in
along time, had he finally found happiness he smiled. then, as if someone had
popped his bubble of happiness, a ringtone rang out it was his mobile. He
didn't want to pick it up, but he couldn't resist he groaned. She slowly came
to, her breasts smoothly sliding off his well formed torso. He nodded and said
"OK I'll get the soonest flight I'll be there by tomorrow morning, I'm sure
you can handle it till then bye" he swung his legs round. About to get up and
turn on the shower, she grabbed his arm leant to him and said "don't go" her
eyes begged him, he thought about it for a moment before dismissing the
thought, there'd been a murder and he was recovering from a good fuck but just
a fuck none the less, no that was not right. He turned on the shower. The hot
water kissed his back, as soon as he was out he would book a plane back ASAP.
It wouldn't of worked anyway he was 38 she was 27. He would forget about her
this was the right thing for him and her. He got out and booked a ticket for
the midday plane to Heathrow, he'd be there by midnight ha maybe give his lazy
DI a fright, his eyes lit up at that prospect. Suddenly arms grabbed his
waist, soft beautiful arms he relished the moment. She rubbed her head against
his neck kissing it. He suddenly thought, he looked her deep In her gorgeous
blue eyes and he could see that she was deeply in love with him he said with
some excitement "why don't you come with me" her eyes lit up, she replied love
echoed in her voice "I would love to would I be with you? I have never.." her
words trailed off he interrupted " I know and I've thought a lot about it and
well I love you" she smiled " I do to" she hugged him they went back to bed.
She was fascinated by his body her fingers traced every scar, he winced at the
recent ones she kissed his tender new skin that lay over the recent wounds.
Her lips he thought delivered a healing quality, one particular scar received
her attention. It was the orthodox cross although old it clearly pained him
and the flesh was tender, so she kissed it her finger tips touched with such
care it was as if she was handling some treasured antique. Then she asked "so
where's it from?" he paused what was the harm in telling her " it is from an
undercover op that ran when I was in MI6 I was undercover in a Russian Mafia
organization this was done with a Stanley knife as a test of loyalty I got the
evidence and they were all murdered what goes around comes around I guess" she
was sad to hear of his pain.  
  
  
Budapest 1956  
Savorsky ut 5 miles north of the centre  
  
Yuri lay hunched in the rubble of the house, just yesterday we believed we had
won. Although Everyone else believed that the soviets would not be back the
speech always seemed a bit too good to be true he didn't trust Russians they
were after all traitors they fought against fascism they lost millions when I
was 11 they " liberated Hungary" just so we could be under the heel of fascism
a different brand but fascism none the less standing where he stood he could
see the whole expanse of Budapest the skies where clear and the night sky
covered in stars like the last glimmering gems of hope as he watched Budapest
burn he couldn't help see the beauty of a burning city in his heart he knew it
would fail but he hated to have looked on and done nothing he heard something
in the dark a slate falling maybe? Hmm he didn't trust his judgement but as he
did more slates began to topple crashing to the floor below know even he was
shaking the sound unmistakeable now he had seen the symptoms he knew the
problem as well just as he tried to get down he heard the unmistakeable sound
of a fighter jet screeching down cutting through the night air disturbing the
tranquillity, for a moment he felt an incredible air of power gather around
him he was after all watching his world fall apart then the tiles from beneath
him began to collapse plunging him into to a firery inferno he woke up
screaming he breathed deeply it was just a dream that was then this was now it
was 2010 not '56, he was a vampire not a helpless student. He decided to go
out, he couldn't sleep he kept on seeing the woman he killed, why? he turned
it over and over she was a bitch a fucking whore a mortal. Why feel sorry over
it how many had he killed he lost track but it had not affected him like this
before. He tore the sheets off getting in the shower, then his phone rang a
coarse voice was at the end "Yuri it's me I need someone killed details are in
a bin at 65490788" with that the line went dead, he sighed he didn't like
doing it particularly but it paid for his hedonistic lifestyle. He was a
puppet nothing more simply a means to an end. He walked out of the flat and
through the underpass. He noticed a group of about twelve youths up ahead
about 15 to 20 years old, he wasn't scared he was a vampire for god sake they
confronted him "oi mate where the fuck do you think you're going!" he just
laughed "get out of my way dickhead" the youth seemed confused couldn't this
dumbfuck see that they were gonna kick his arse "don't laugh in my face
fuckin' pole il teach you a fuckin' lesson!!" Yuri squared to him very quietly
said "just you try it" the youth summoned the rest Yuri was surrounded the
youth laughed "who's ard' now arsehole" he threw the first punch Yuri took his
hand and broke it with one twist the youth yelped in pain, the others soon
descended, but Yuri was too fast using his unnatural speed and reflexes. He
quickly dealt with them they dispersed quickly as he walked he saw a woman get
dragged into some bushes, he appeared under the street light dragging the man
back out. He beat him so bad he was pleased with himself, he saw the woman she
was indeed very beautiful just like the last. He couldn't help himself. In her
eyes she thought he'd saved her but soon realised she was wrong. She let him
fuck her she couldn't lie he was so good he kissed every part of her body her
neck her torso and down to her legs he went toward her groin he thought he
would end it there but she was wrong he kissed the inside of her thighs she
was tingle wishing he'd just dive in then he went up again he bit deep into
her neck she screamed blood ozzed out and he sucked on the fresh wound she
called out but It was too late he ran off into the distance.  
  
ONE DAY LATER  
  
Gorston community centre car park  
London  
23:30  
  
The blue lights cut through the still night air. Sirens destroyed the silence
of mid winter, it had begun to snow with the moon rising up into the midnight
air, in what would of been beautiful if it wasn't for the dead body. DCI Keyes
got out of his car one Black boot stepped on the ground then another
unmistakeable boot. The blue lights illuminating his face DI Chambers could
say one thing for him, He knew how to make an entrance. The snow was falling
hard, flakes fell on Keyes coat he brushed it off he was tall 6"2 and with his
square jaw long black hair and silky voice he was charming but intimidating at
the same time. He walked over to the forensic tent brushing the flaps aside,
he entered, DI Chambers was already there "good evening chambers is this the
second murder in three days?" Chambers nodded with some resignation he sighed
and said "unfortunately sir I believe we are dealing with a serial killer the
method is exactly the same, a puncture mark to the neck" Keyes looked at him
paused to think and said "do the press know the murders are linked?" Chambers
shook his head "good" replied Keyes. He stepped out of the tent leaving
Chambers in the tent for now, something didn't feel right he took out a
cigarette and lit it taking a deep lungful of smoke he gestured to Chambers
"let's go" he said Chambers followed they got in the car and drove back to the
station

