### Out Of Distriction: LA Breakdown (Part 2) by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2012-01-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Second Part taken from the "explosive" sequel of Out Of Distriction 

* * *

_**This is the second part of Out Of Distriction: LA Breakdown, my second part
of the story. If you're going to read this i'll recommend you to first read:
Out Of Distriction and Out Of Distriction: LA Breakdown Part.1 first. Anyway
thanks for reading.**_

Shayne and Dave have passed the border now and already have been noticed as
outlaws. The find wanted-papers everywhere, near fuelstations, near the
highway but not of themselves, but with Horatio and Rafael on it. Soon they
find out that there are cops and army-men everywhere in Tijuana. It's about
dawn when they reach the spot where Horatio and Rafael would be waiting for
them. A short time later a man comes out the dark, soon they see it's Horatio.
Together they drive to the old ladie's house where they park the car in a
garage hidden in the mountain. The old women seemed to be a former DEA
undercover-agent that has been lost since twenty years! In her house Shayne
and Horatio try to find a wat to revenge themselves on Las Chavez, who is the
man in charge and responsible for the death of Horatio's team and Shayne's
former girlfriend from New York. But instead of kill the man they also could
try to take him to the United States where the FBI wants him more badly than
Shayne and Horatio. And also the drugs market would be back in the hands of
the small smuggling gangs. But to do this they have to find a way to cross the
border back to the USA. And with all of them recognized as fugitives, travling
via the border would be no option. Than teh old lady comes in and seems to
have understood it all. She gives them the information about a drowned way
which still can be used at tide. This road was usually taken by smugglers but
since Las Chavez has taken full power of the market, it won't be used anymore
because they have other better routes since drugs solves in the water. Shayne
and Horatio are convinced of the route because both of them trust the lady.
That same night the four man are on their way back to the states. They take
the hidden route with tide and pass the border with difficulty. A few hours
later they are entering the garage of Dave.

Back in Los Angeles they meet up with the other two man that are brought
together by Shayne and Dave. The six of them are working on their plan to take
down Las Chavez for good without taking the price of the whole operation.
√Åfter a few days and much preparation they put together a plan that is more
stupid than dangerous. It's time for payback! When they are back in Mexico
again, Shayne makes a deal with Las Chavez since he doesn't know anything
about Shayne. The gang of Las Chavez with himself are meeting Shayne where
they make a "big deal". Las Chavez' henchmen doesn't trust Shayne and seem to
know him. While they are finished, Shayne leaves the area while Las Chavez
will be followed by Horatio first, than Dave ther after Phill and at the end
by Trevor to his house. When they finally get to know where Las Chavez is
living Trevor calls Shayne and the whole team are compleet again. Shayne then
calls Las Chavez the deal is off and he can go f*ck himself. Las Chavez swears
revenge for betraying him and not paying the money. Than the electrics in Las
Chavez' house go off, thanks to Trevor, and Shayne wishes Las Chavez "good
Luck". Than Dave and Phill steal the drugsvan and drive away with Horatio,
Shayne and Rafael defending the van. They drive to the hidden garage and have
no trouble with gangmembers of Las Chavez attacking them. Stick to the plan
they get the drugs out of the van and put it all in one of the six cars. Las
Chavez finally knows the drugs has been stolen and get's his whole operation
in Tijuana on his feet. Shayne and the others are noticing it too because the
city is overwhelmed by army men en gang members of Las Chavez. At the end
there's just one rule, drive for your life! Before they leave Horatio calls a
FBI agent that he knows in private named Declan Oxford. Declan alarms the feds
that Las Chavez is coming back home and the final stage of the plan begins.
According to plan Horatio and Shayne go together and Rafael and Dave go
together in a car while Trevor and Phil stay behind for their own savety. They
both agreed with it because they get the garage of Dave and may keep the other
four cars. The four leave in the fastest two cars.

Shayne, Horatio, Rafael and Dave are recognized in the center of Tijuana by a
few locals. Thanks to good driving skills of Shayne and Dave they can get out
Tijuana alive, but it all just started. A manhunt has begun with Las Chavez,
his gang and the army following Shayne, Horatio, Rafael and Dave. This time
they use a private borderroad of Las Chavez which Rafael had discovered. But
before they reach it they are getting shot more and more. Horatio and Rafael
fight back with bomb and weapon power while Shayne and Dave get rid of some by
driving the cars of the road. When both of the cars are almost wrecked they
reach finally the border, again. Here Las Chavez and his remained gang are on
their own because the armt will not cross the border. To finish the (as i call
it) "Breakdown" the FBI are coming into action. Shayne and the others are
still followed by the Mexicans but they are followed byt the FBI. After a
while the road splits up in two ways. Shayne and Horatio go left while Dave
and Rafael go right. Las Chavez and his gang go after Shayne and Horatio which
are suddently disappeared. When Las Chavez and his gang are surounded by the
FBI in both directions of the road and followed by helicopters they give up
and the FBI arrests them. Shayne and Horatio have taken a countryway going up
the hill where they meet up with Rafael and Dave. They all four see hidden
under trees and above the hill how Las Chavez and his gang are arrested.

When the FBI is gone with Las Chavez and his gang, Shayne and Horatio exchange
their car with Dave and Rafael. Now they posses the drugs car while Rafael and
Dave have five million in their car. Rafael and Dave reveal they are going
back to LA. In a press conference Declan Oxford said of about the arrest of
Las Chavez that they aren't done yet, linking to Shayne and Horatio. Two days
he later it is known Declan has been fired because he wouldn't lead the
manhunt to take in Shayne and Horatio. As we know the destination of Shayne
and Horatio are unknown...

**_By posting this part of Out Of Distriction: LA Breakdown, I finished posting my second part of the series. It has and open ending, so if this part will be readen frequently enough, i will consider to go further by translating part 3 for you. So enjoy it and thank you for reading._**

