### Behind Blue Eyes- Chapter 1 by celtic1888

**Date Added:** 2008-08-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A killer stalks London 

* * *

Detective Sergeant Pam Yates sighs as she enters the lift on the way up to the
new crime scene. This has been the  
  
sixth murder in as many months as she can already picture in her tired mind
what the victim will look like.  
  
  
She arrives at the top floor of the Croydon Regal Hotel and shows her I.D
badge to get past the mass of  
  
uniformed officers who are keeping the whole floor clear of civilians.  
  
  
Croydon is on the outskirts of London and whilst it isn't the best place in
the city it's also certainly not  
  
the worst. Of course its has its fair share of crime and that includes many
murders but it has never before been  
  
under the grip of a serial killer, until now that is.  
  
  
As she enters the room she is met by the head of the investigation team, Chief
Superintendent Arthur Rowley  
  
from the Serious Crime Office based in central London.  
  
  
He doesn't look happy with her but being the true professional he won't say
anything in front of anyone out  
  
with his team. "Morning Pam. The maid found her this morning when she went in
to do the room. The crime scene  
  
guys haven't quite finished yet but it's definitely the same guy. Go in and
have a wee look but remember and be  
  
careful that you don't touch anything."  
  
  
The victim is, as the previous cases, tied spread-eagled on the bed and
gagged, all done with the same blue  
  
linen strips. We have ascertained that this material has all been cut from the
same batch, possibly just a common  
  
bed sheet.  
  
  
Then she looks at the wounds, her neck is cut wide open from ear to ear.
Almost her entire blood system is  
  
now soaked into the once crisp white sheets and mattress. The killers tell
tale sign, which has so far been kept  
  
from the publics knowledge, is that her eyes have been carefully cut out of
their sockets and have been taken  
  
away as some sort of trophy. Pam is no longer shocked at this sight.  
  
  
She has her look around without see anything new and returns to the Chief to
get her assignment. After the  
  
second murder the Serious Crime Office had been called in to take over and
they had put together a couple of dozen  
  
officers including her. She has always felt she was only picked to be the
token local copper on the team.  
  
  
Rowley is already giving out orders to four members of the team by the time
Pam gets there. She guesses all  
  
the prime tasks will be gone by the time he gets to her.  
  
  
"Pam, come walk with me," Rowley tells her once the others have left and they
go out into the corridor.  
  
  
He is not happy, "You only live a mile or so away Pam so how come it took you
so long to get here? I need to be  
  
able to rely on my people."  
  
  
"I'm sorry sir. I was took one of my children to school and then the other to
the dentist without  
  
realising I forgot to take my phone. It was only when I got to the station
that I was told about the murder. I  
  
promise it won't happen again."  
  
  
He looks at her, not believing her promise but still nods his heavily wrinkled
bald head. "Okay Pam. The  
  
victim is Maureen Burton, aged 36, an actress who was in a play at the
Fairfield Halls. She has been staying at  
  
this hotel for two weeks and was booked in for another until the shows run was
finished. I want you to go to the  
  
theatre and speak to the people she worked with, see if anyone was hanging
around or the like."  
  
  
Not the best job but not too bad see tells herself. She replies "Yes sir and
thank you sir. I will go there  
  
now as they should be turning up soon to get ready for the matinee
performance."  
  
  
She leaves the crime scene and goes back down in the elevator. She has time to
study herself in the mirror  
  
lined box. Dressed in a navy skirt and jacket and with her blonde hair
straight out of a bottle she looks more  
  
like a saleswoman than a police officer.  
  
  
She had turned forty just before the first murder and now she was thinking
more and more about her future. Her  
  
nine year old twin kids, Jack and Katie were by far the most important thing
in her life and she wanted to spend  
  
as much of her time with them as possible.  
  
  
She had decided she was going to leave the Criminal Investigation Department
as soon as this case was over.  
  
She wanted to stay in the police so she planned to get a transfer to some sort
of nice easy nine to five desk job.  
  
  
Her husband David had always been a huge support throughout her career but
even he was starting to get fed  
  
up with all these crazy hours.  
  
  
She then realises that she wants this case over more for her own personal
reasons than it stopping more loss  
  
of life.  
  
  
Pam looks down, unable to look in the mirror anymore.  
  

