### Murder for Love by dada

**Date Added:** 2012-01-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Nobody could ever imagine that Mary could commit murder. I only heard such
kind of stories on radio or watched them on TV, but this day I saw it with own
eyes. Zach lied on the ground as if taking a rest on a sunny day. I could not
believe that what I was seeing was a corpse. He had died, gone for good. Never
will we hear his voice again or see him at the basketball coat with his many
stylish basketball skills. I looked at my watch; it was exactly 5 o’clock PM.
The murder had taken place at 4 according to what the doctors were saying. A
gun shot. Why Zach? This was the question that everybody asked and nobody ever
seemed to have that Mary could commit murder. I only heard such kind of
stories on the response for it.

Women were crying, hitting their bodies to the wall of the room manifesting
their feeling of sadness and loss. I kept quiet, remembering what my grandpa
used to tell me… ‘A man never cries, crying is for women and it is a sign of
weakness’. I tried to control my tears but all of a sudden they found their
way down my face. I tried to be a man but to no avail and thus I joined the
women in crying. Zach was my close friend and I couldn’t believe I would never
see him again in my life. I was filled with rage and resentment for who ever
had killed my friend.

Mzuzu was very cold in nineties, and every day we used to go to Katoto play
ground for ‘bouncing’ as we used to call it meaning to play basketball. A
group of young boys would appear and show off their styles of basketball. If
you were a learner that was not your place, you had better joined your fellow
learners in a different place in order not to be humiliated. But that was not
all. Apart from playing basketball, Katoto was also a place where young boys
came to show off with their girl friends. As if attached to each other, boys
would hold their girls tight leaving no space between themselves. It was a
place for love and everybody wanted to show off how beautiful their
girlfriends were. The girls too, would dress so good to make the boys
salivate. They would put on their sexy dresses that would expose whatever was
necessary to make a man admire them, not only that but they would shake their
behinds and joke that it was their birthright to do so. We would laugh, make
fun and make new friends. That was Katoto. For the guys, being a good
basketball player was an added advantage to hook good looking girls. Girls
would flock to you if they knew that you played well. That was exactly the
case with Zach. Which girl did not know Zach? Everybody knew him. His
dribbles, dunks, lay ups… made him rank top among all of us. Most of all Zach
never missed a shot.

But all this would be history now. Zach was no more. The story was
complicated. Love, hatred, jealousy and then murder... This is how it
happened:

Zach had been in a relationship with Mary for a long time. The two loved each
other and everybody thought that they would tie a knot one day in their lives.
They behaved like husband and wife. Everyday Zach came to the basketball coat
Mary was beside him. She would keep his clothes, wrist watch and a bottle of
water as he shined with his skills. As we played we approached him with care
because he would practice his latest skills on you. He would dribble you and
everybody would laugh at you.

Being a star made it hard for Zach to avoid many other beautiful girls who
came watch us train. Each new day Zach had new friends. It was because of this
that Zach bumped into this girl. Her name was Catherine. We used to call her
Cate in short. She defined beauty in both her appearance and behavior. Nobody
would shut his mouth to utter a compliment if Cate appeared. Cute, gorgeous,
beautiful…sweet words of appreciation never distanced themselves from her ear.
She was a doll. The first time I saw her I had developed hots for her. Believe
me I was not the only one…Cate had just that thing that makes a man approach a
woman; she was a magnet.

Zach had known Cate for at least two weeks now. One could already observe that
the good news was in process; he was going to grab her in no time. They say
stars never lack good things. That was the case with Zach. To everybody’s
expectation rumor spread that Zach had succeeded with Cate. Zach was now going
out with Cate. Not that Mary was not beautiful or had done some odious thing
to Zach; the truth was that Cate’s beauty would automatically make a man
forget his woman for her. Zach was even taking Cate to Nkhata-bay for
weekends. Nkhata-bay was popular in the northern part of Malawi for its
splendid beaches which never lacked noise during weekends. Many people would
go there to have fun. Newlyweds, old couples, everybody…

Mary observed a change in Zach’s attitude towards her. No more daily texting,
they no longer flirted the way they used to do, no more window shopping
together for the latest clothes in the Pep’s store and no phone calls.
Something must be going on. When she called, cannot be reached was the
response. Too unusual of Zach. He had completely changed. Its normal in
relationships, once in a while people forget each other. But this time it was
too much. When she tried to visit him at his place, Zach was always not
available. He has gone with his friends, was Zach’s mum response every time
she visited.

Schools had started and everything secret came to be revealed. Mzuzu
university campus was too small to play games on two girls. Zach could no
longer hide but confess that she was in love with Cate. This baffled Mary. She
could not believe what she was hearing from Zach. ‘So what about me?’ she
asked. ‘That’s my prob……….’ Zach responded while avoiding her face. She
slammed her little soft palm to the wall in annoyance. Tears flowing from her
face in large quantities as if they would no longer flow again for the rest of
her life. Zach tried to hold her arm but she resisted and uttered a strong
‘fuck u!!!’ that resounded into Zach’s ears as she walked away on him. She
went straight to her room and drained from herself more tears.

Her performance in class went low. Lack of concentration triggered by
depression accompanied her up to the end of the semester. Come results, she
would be at the bottom of the class. D’s or D- would be her highest grades.
Indeed when the results came out, she was called to the academic advisor’s
office. Her low marks were very unusual of her. When asked what was wrong she
never told Dr Mark about her problem. As the academic advisor, Dr Mark did not
hesitate to advise her to rewrite the two courses she had underperformed.

A week after rewriting the examination, Mary became terribly sick. At hospital
they did not find any problem with her. The doctor presumed it was study
stress and advised her to meet a counselor. She did not welcome the doctor’s
advice convinced that counseling was for the mentally ill people. The whole
country needed some education on counseling, because many people did not
understand what counseling was all about. After a lengthy cajoling, Mary gave
in for counseling. Her first session was not profitable, characterized by
prolonged moments of silence. Anyway silence was also important during
counseling sessions.

Time for holidays came. Mary could foresee already how boring the holiday
would be. A holiday without Zach! A man whom she had dedicated her whole heart
to. It pained her more and more when she tried to remember her past moments
with the man who was no longer in her hands. Men are heartless! Her heart
burnt with anger as she pictured Zach’s face. Something must be done.

Two weeks after the death of Zach, Mary rang her counselor. ‘It’s urgent, I
can’t contain it anymore’, she said while sobbing. Availability is one of the
qualities of a counselor. Mr John quickly arranged for an encounter with Mary.
At least on this particular Monday he did not have many clients and therefore
2:30 was set for a session.

As she said tears kept on flowing, unfortunately, the carton which was on the
table did not have any serviette inside, instead she used the sleeve of her
blouse to wipe the tears away. Confidentiality is a prime rule in counseling.
Yes confidentiality, but with some reservations. Mary had killed Zach out
anger, jealousy, and love. He didn’t want to lose him. He wanted to live with
forever. She had gone to his room. And as they caressed and kissed, she
punctured his head with a bullet.

