### For better or for worse by bobby_hopkins53

**Date Added:** 2008-09-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** after living through six years of a hellish marriage a man plots to murder his wife and her family 

* * *

The six of them were bound and gagged with their wrist tied to their ankles
behind them with nylon stockings. Their mouths were stuffed with pieces of
their own socks and duct taped shut and positioned on their knees a few feet
apart from one another on the cold concrete floor of an abandon warehouse.  
  
They suffered mentally and psychically from the beatings and torture they had
taken from him.  
  
He wore a black pair of skin tight leather gloves and constantly clinched the
fingers of his left hand into a fist as he sat in a chair and just stared at
them while the fingers of his other hand firmly gripped around the handle of a
semi-automatic pistol.  
  
No longer would they be able to cause him any more problems. No longer would
they be able to slander his name as they had done so many times before and no
longer would they be able to do anything to him, ever again.  
  
To him, they were ignorant, violent, low class scum, a product of the devils
own making, and were now his prisoners and under his control and would be left
to suffer their fate at the hands of a man whose life they had ruined.  
  
He truly believed what they had done to him was wrong and had felt that they
needed to be punished for it and that the action he would take against them
would be justifiable and that god would understand and would forgive him for
what he had in mind for them.  
  
Before he would continue with their trail and sentencing, thoughts of some of
the events he had been put through over the past six years flashed before him,
and now with the law he had created, which had led up to this day, justice
would prevail and he would no longer suffer and the evil that he had
encountered in his life would finally be put to rest.  
  
His name was Simon Yardley. A thirty two year old man who, after six years of
living through the hardships of a bad marriage, where he had suffered from the
mental, emotional and psychical pain that had been inflicted upon him by his
wife and the members of her family, until one day when he could no longer cope
with his life any longer, through his madness, would seek out an act of
revenge on his wife and the rest of her family.  
  
It was six years ago, during the month of January 2002 when Simon had met
Julia, his wife to be, in down town Philadelphia, while walking through a
local square, during a flower show that had been held that afternoon.  
  
There was something about her that caught Simon's attention and after
introducing himself to her with a light pink colored poinsettia, and
impressing her with his charming character, they became close friends and a
short time later began to date one another.  
  
Over the next several months their relationship had grown even more as Simon
had fallen in love with Julia and had proposed to her and January of the
following year the both of them had married.  
  
They had a small church wedding where Julia's family and a few of her friends
had attended and afterwards they enjoyed a fine meal together at a fancy
restaurant that had been quite popular in the south portion of the city.  
  
For the next several months, life for Simon and Julia seemed to be going quite
well as Simon had a job working as a postal worker at a center city post
office and with the income being quite good from the job, they were able to
mortgage a two bedroom house in a middle class area of Philadelphia.  
  
And with some money Simon had saved over the past several years, prior to
their marriage, he had been able to buy his new wife a few small pieces of
fine jewelry, some nice clothing, and other things that she had wanted, and
everything had been just wonderful for the both of them.  
  
It wasn't until after the first year had ended when there had been a dramatic
change in Julia's attitude and Simon's life had begun to change for the worse.  
  
Julia had no longer been the sweet, loving and caring girl that Simon had
fallen in love with, but instead had become a stranger to him, like a person
he had never known before.  
  
She became very lazy and would neglect the household chores leaving their home
to become very messy and untidy, and very seldom did she cook meals or wash
clothes any more and sometimes wouldn't even sleep with Simon, but instead
would sleep in another room of the house.  
  
On many occasions, Julia would start arguments just for a reason to go out,
and there were rumors that she was seeing other men while Simon was at work.  
  
Simon tried to understand what happened to his wife and even offered to go to
counseling for help with their problems, but Julia, who had not been
interested, had refused to accept any help.  
  
Simon was to find out, that this woman, who became his wife, would turn out to
be a lying, deceitful scamming tramp, who, was only looking to marry someone
for security purposes and to get her away from living with her alcoholic and
abusive father.  
  
Julia had an older sister, who had a lot of influence over her and always
interfered in their lives by putting negative thoughts in her head on how she
should live her life any way that she wanted too and didn't have to answer to
her husband, which had created problems for Simon throughout the rest of their
marriage.  
  
Simon believed that it had been Julia's older sister who put the ideas in her
head about using him for everything she could get and he had done everything
he possibly could do to keep her sister away from Julia, but failed to do so,
as her sister had always found a way back into their lives.  
  
And if Simon ever pushed the issue too far with her sister, in regards to
staying out of their lives, it always erupted into an argument between the two
of them, and sometimes, because of her violent temper and wicked ways, her
sister would have Simon threatened by people that she had known from the
neighborhood.  
  
To Simon, Julia's sister had been worse than "Satan" himself.  
  
Her older sister had two teenage kids, one, a seventeen year old daughter, who
constantly had been verbally and physically abused by the mother and once at
the age of three had been molested by her father, who Simon, after finding
this out through a verbal confession the sister had made to Julia, had
reported it to the police, who after investigating the matter, had arrested
her husband.  
  
The husband of Julia's sister died while spending his time in prison by a
fellow inmate, who after finding out what he had been doing time for, had
stabbed him to death.  
  
Simon once told Julia that her older sister and her husband were the most
disturbed couple he had ever met. Julia's sister, who had still been upset
over the fact that her husband had died while in prison, was so outraged after
she heard about the remark he had made, that one day she had Simon set up by
two men who had beaten on him while returning home from work and as Simon
tried to fight back, had been stabbed in the chest with an ice pick by one of
the two men, which had Simon hospitalized for two weeks with a punctured lung
and out of work for over a month.  
  
Simon later heard from some people on the street that Julia's sister had sex
with the two men in return for the favor they had done for her.  
  
When Simon told Julia the story he heard about her sister, Julia questioned
her, but her sister denied everything and told Julia that Simon lied to her to
create trouble between the two of them and tried to cover up an affair that he
had been having with another woman, which had led to him getting hurt by a
jealous husband.  
  
Julia, as always, believed what her sister had told her and vowed to get even
with Simon for what he had done.  
  
Julia's older sister also had a fourteen year old son, who had been neglected
at lot as a child and allowed to roam the streets at night and had become a
troublesome teen.  
  
The son had been arrested a few times for the possession and sales of drugs
and had also spent a few months in a detention center after burglarizing a
neighbor's home.  
  
Sometimes the two kids would come around whenever Simon was at work or away
from the house for a long period of time and without any concern from his
wife, would steal things from his home, like a camera that wasn't being used
much any more or a CD player that was put aside for a new one, but mostly they
took small pieces of jewelry, along with many coins that Simon would collect
as a hobby, and would sell them at pawn shops and then divide the money up
between themselves and Simons wife.  
  
Many times the two kids would hang out at his house and listen to Julia tell
them what an idiot and fool Simon was to marry her and how she was only using
him for his money and anything else she was able to get out of him.  
  
One day she had told the two kids of an idea she had about taking out a life
insurance policy on Simon with the hopes of him dying at an early age so she
could collect the money and live life any way she wanted too and the three of
them would laugh at some of Julia's crazy ideas of even killing him, if she
had too, just to collect the money.  
  
Once on Simon's birthday, Julia had cooked him a special meal that had been
mixed with rat poison, an idea that had been suggested to her by her sister,
who had never stopped hating Simon for the loss of her husband, which had hurt
their income so much that she had been forced to collect welfare and had
claimed that she had wanted Simon to die for what he had done.  
  
That night Simon spent a few hours in the hospital from the poising and after
he had been released from the hospital had gone back home, where a fight broke
out between him and his wife over what had happened, which she totally denied
doing and then cursed at Simon to leave her alone, as she left the house and
hopped into a car, with a man who had been waiting outside for her, and
together had drove away.  
  
Later that evening Simon received a phone call and listened as a mans voice on
the other end of the phone had warned him to keep his mouth shut about what
had happened and for him to leave his wife alone or else he would be in serous
trouble.  
  
Simon started to become paranoid; never knowing what direction danger would be
coming from and began to live each day in constant fear.  
  
The two kids of Julia's older sister, who Simon had believed were brain washed
by their mother into believing that he was a bad person and that he had made
up the story about their father being a child molester, had grown to hate him.  
  
There once had been a time her sister's two kids had come over to Simon's
house, and Simon, who had just come down the stairs from taking a shower, had
caught the boy urinating and the girl ejecting saliva from her mouth onto some
of the food that he had brought home after work for his dinner.  
  
After seeing what the kids had done to his food Simon had gotten so upset that
he started arguing and yelling at them to get out of his home, but the kids
had refused to leave.  
  
A fist fight had broken out between Simon and the boy, and Julia, who had seen
what had been going on from inside another room, had gotten hold of a steak
knife from the kitchen and had sliced Simon's arm.  
  
Simon, after he called the police, was in shock when he found out that the
police hadn't done a thing to help him, but instead believed a lie that his
wife told them on how he had come home upset over something that happened at
work and begun to act crazy and had taken it out on her and the two kids by
cursing and threatening to hurt them if the three of them didn't leave his
house.  
  
The police then had warned Simon with arresting him if they had to be called
back again.  
  
Julia had two brothers, one younger than her and one, who had been the eldest
in the family, also added misery to his life by interfering into his business
every time Simon had fought with Julia over something she had done wrong,
where Julia would then turn things around by telling them a lie to protect
herself and blame Simon as being the one at fault.  
  
Like one day when Simon and Julia had a fight after she had taken some of the
money they had put aside for their monthly expenses and spent it on some of
her friends and even a few of the men that she had been having affairs with,
and then had called her two brothers and changed the story around claiming
that she had a fight with him because he had been the one who spent the money
on drugs and some whores that he had known and even pretended to cry and
claimed that Simon had threatened to hurt her for fighting with him.  
  
The two brothers, who were very violent people, came around that day and beat
on him and threatened to kill him if he ever laid his hands on her again.  
  
During the sixth year of his marriage his wives social life had gone
completely out of control. She whored around on him when ever she wanted too
and when ever Simon tried to stop her she always found a way to control him by
contacting her brothers who always handled the situation with their threats.  
  
It became so bad that whenever Simon came home from work Julia would be
dressed and ready to go out for the night and many times would not return
until the next morning when Simon had been preparing to go to work.  
  
Julia's brothers always knew that their sister was running around on Simon and
knew just the type of person she was, but didn't seem to care and would even
tell lies about Simon to protect their sister's name.  
  
Simon became known as a bad person among the many foolish people who listened
to the lies that were told about him and had been disliked by all of those who
had believed to the lies.  
  
As time went by Simon began to suffer each day from migraine head aches and
after being prescribed powerful medication from his doctor to relieve him of
his pain, his wife would sometimes steal the medication from him and sell them
to people on the streets and with the money she would again go out and spend
it on her friends and some of the men she was running around with.  
  
And Simon, who sometimes had been unable to withstand the pain in his head,
had no choice but to go out into the streets, where he had bought pills to
relieve himself from the pain.  
  
His wife then started to spread lies around that he had been a drug addict and
had spend a lot of their money to support his habit.  
  
Her family made matters worse for him too by slandering his name, spreading
stories around that he had been an abusive drug addict husband who had always
cheated and beaten on his wife.  
  
Simon felt that he had been living in a nightmare that would never seem to end
and one time had even sworn out loud, through his anger and despair, that he
had indeed been living in hell.  
  
Some people who knew Simon from the neighborhood, and who also knew about his
situation with his wife and her family, told him that he was a fool to stay
and put up with all the nonsense that they were putting him through and that
he should leave her, but Simon upon hearing them would just smirk, lower his
head and walk away.  
  
Simon had been a weak person and a coward and never had the ability to leave
his wife and only lied to himself, that the reason he stayed had been because
he had always been a responsible person.  
  
For a long while Simon hadn't been able to figure out why his wife had done
the things she had done, and had thought that the reason his wife and her
family had all been bad people had come from the result of how they had been
treated by their father.  
  
Later he came to the conclusion that the lack of love and care along with the
abuse their father had given to them when they were children had made them the
evil people that they were.  
  
Sometimes he wondered how people like Julia and her family had ever been
allowed to exist in society.  
  
  
Towards the end of the sixth year of his marriage, life had become even worse
for Simon as he now had suffered from major depression and many times, while
he sat alone during the evening hours, in the darkness of his room, had
thoughts about taking his own life.  
  
He also developed a sleeping disorder from his mental illness, and now had
been taking pills, not only for the pain from the migraine head aches, but
also for his inability to sleep.  
  
One day Simon, during a visit he made to his doctor, had been advised to seek
psycho therapy to treat his depression, but Simon never took his doctors
advice and just continued to live life as it had been.  
  
As time had gone by Simons mind begun to deteriorate from his mental illness,
as he no longer had been able to function or concentrate on anything that had
been involved in his daily life, and one day after he missed too many days on
the job and many times had come to work late, had been laid off and had never
been called back again.  
  
After his job loss the bills begun to pile up so much that all of his
utilities had been shut off and after he had fallen far behind in his mortgage
the bank had threatened to take away his home.  
  
From there life became even more of a burden for him to withstand, as his
wife, on a daily basis, began yelling at him and insulting him with names and
claiming that he was not been a real man and that she wanted him to leave so
she could find another man who would take better care of her.  
  
One night, after Julia complained to her older sister about Simon's job loss
and how they were about to lose their home, her whole family had come over and
told Simon that they had had enough of him making their sister suffer and had
told him to get out and that he had been nothing but a bum and a bad husband
to their sister and that he should be living out in the streets.  
  
That same night, out of disgust and frustration, Simon left the house and had
begun to walk the streets.  
  
He felt so lost and completely alone that the only thing he thought about was
dying, so he wouldn't have to suffer any more.  
  
After spending a few hours on the streets he then went back home and upon
entering the living room and hearing some noise coming from up stairs, he ran
up to his bedroom only to find his wife lying in their bed with two men she
had brought into the house.  
  
Simon became so enraged that he screamed at her and through his anger
threatened to kill her and she yelled back at him to get out of the house, but
he refused to leave.  
  
He then started to attack the two men, but had been unable to win the battle
as they had fought back and left Simon lying on the floor hurting from a
beaten they had given him.  
  
His wife then quickly called her family and complained that he had come back
home and again had threaten to harm her.  
  
The two brothers, who came over that evening, along with the two kids of
Julia's sister, arrived just moments after the two men Julia was with, had
left the house.  
  
The two brothers came in and without saying a word, attacked Simon and began
to beat on him and he did the best he could to ward off the battering he was
taking, but was out numbered when the two kids joined in, kicking and punching
him while he lay helpless on the floor, and unable to protect him self and
when it was finally over Simon looked up at Julia, and would never forget the
smile on her face as she walked over and spit on him.  
  
After that incident, Simon, who had no fight left in him, had given up and
again had left the house.  
  
That was the night he could no longer tolerate it any more and the six years
of living through a hellish life had finally taken its toll on him.  
  
Through the anger and hatred Simon had for Julia and her family, he decided
the only way that he could put an end to all of what he had been put through
by his wife and her family would be to put an end to them once and for all,
and the only way he knew how to do that, would be to kill them all.  
  
For the rest of that evening Simon stayed and slept in his car, where he had
to turn the engine of his car on and off throughout the entire night so he
could use the heater to help keep him self warm from the cold winter air.  
  
In the morning, he had gone to a bank where he had a lot of cash stashed away
inside a safety deposit box that his wife had never known about.  
  
Simon, with the money he had taken from the bank, had gone out to an area of
town to meet with a man he once worked with, who had connections with people
who had sold guns.  
  
He bought two guns that day, one was a semi-automatic pistol and the other was
a sawed off shot gun, and along with the guns he bought an abundant supply of
bullets and shells for his weapons.  
  
From there he went to a department store at a nearby plaza, not far from his
home, where he bought two rolls of duct tape, two kerosene lanterns and
several pairs of nylon stockings.  
  
He placed everything in the trunk of his car and then left to go back to his
house.  
  
His plan was to go back to his home and pretend to Julia that everything was
alright and he had forgiven her for what she had done and would even take most
of the blame for whatever went wrong in their marriage and that their wedding
anniversary was coming up and that he wanted to celebrate that day at a hall
he had rented in New Jersey.  
  
Julia believed the lie that he had told her and now all he needed to do was to
convince the rest of her family of the same lie.  
  
He started by contacting the two kids of her older sister and made up a story
that he needed their help in preparing the celebration of his wedding
anniversary and would even pay them a little money for their assistance.  
  
The two kids fell for the story and later that day Simon picked the both of
them up at their home.  
  
He then drove over the bridge to New Jersey and along the way made a stop at a
fast food place and told them to wait in the car while he went inside to buy
them something to eat.  
  
During the time he was inside buying the food, he opened up a few of the
sleeping capsules, that he had plenty of, and when he was sure that no one had
been looking, poured one into each of their soft drinks and then left.  
  
He returned to the car and after handing them their food then drove away and
headed to an area he had been familiar with, where he had known of an old
abandon warehouse outside of a residential part of a town where he had once
lived for a few years long before his marriage.  
  
By the time he pulled up to the old warehouse the two kids were already done
eating their food and drinking their soft drinks and were beginning to feel
the effects from the sleeping medication and moments later had fallen to
sleep.  
  
He dragged the girl out of the car first and after getting her into the
building, he then, with a nylon stocking, tied her wrist to her ankles behind
her back and left her on the concrete floor.  
  
He went back to the car and got the boy and just as he had done with the girl,
had dragged him in and tied his wrist to his ankles behind his back.  
  
Simon then took a sharp pair of scissors he had taken from his home and cut
off their clothing, leaving them in only their underwear.  
  
After he was satisfied with containing the two of them and knowing that they
couldn't get free, the next part of his plan was to get their mother.  
  
He stopped at a gas station where he loaded up on gas and bought kerosene that
he filled up inside an empty plastic container he kept in the trunk of his
car.  
  
Simon contacted Julia's sister from a pay phone at the filling station and
after he told her the same story that he had told her two kids, more than an
hour later he had met with her at her home.  
  
After he arrived at her house she came out and with very little said between
the two of them, climbed into the car and together had drove away.  
  
Along the way Simon complained how hungry he felt and stopped at a small deli
where he told her to wait in the car while he would go in and buy them both
something to eat.  
  
While he was in the deli, again Simon would make use of the sleeping
medication and empted a capsule into a fountain soda he bought for her, and
then afterwards returned to the car.  
  
While they were driving over the bridge to New Jersey she had eaten her food
and drank her soda so quickly that she had fallen a sleep much sooner than he
expected and just to be sure she wouldn't wake up before they arrived at the
warehouse, he pulled over on the side of the road, where he opened another
capsule and forced it into her mouth and with some of the soda he had left,
poured it down her throat.  
  
Afterwards he continued to drive until arriving at the warehouse. Because of
her size, he had some difficulty dragging her body inside the building, but
after he had gotten her inside he tied her wrist to her ankles behind her back
and cut off her clothing as he had done with the two kids and left her sitting
next to them, wearing only her bra and panties.  
  
As he was about to leave he noticed the two kids had awaken and not wanting to
waste any more of his sleeping medication, he took one of their socks, cut it
up and stuffed it in their mouths and duct taped their mouths shut and then
had done the same to their mother.  
  
He left the three of them there and headed back to Philadelphia to get his
next two prisoners, the two brothers.  
  
He told the two brothers the same story about having a little celebration in
honor of his wedding anniversary and wanted to meet up with them and get their
help with decorating the hall he had rented, which they both had agreed too
do.  
  
He picked them both up at their homes and after driving back to New Jersey he
told them that he wanted to stop at a local bar and buy them a drink before
going to the hall.  
  
While there he made sure that the three of them sat at a table and then
insisted on going up to the bar and getting the drinks instead of having
someone bring them to the table.  
  
The place was quite crowded on that afternoon and after getting the three
drinks that was handed to him by the bar tender on a small metal tray he
pretended to be searching for something in his pocket until the bar tender
walked away and then carefully opened up two of the sleeping capsule and after
being sure that no one had been watching him, had emptied them into their
drinks.  
  
He returned to the table and sat down and chit chatted with them about the
wedding anniversary celebration while waiting for them to get done their
drink.  
  
A few moments later, after they were done talking and the two brothers
swallowed the last drop of their drinks, the three of them then left the bar
and were on their way.  
  
While driving along the highway to the warehouse, Simon just couldn't help but
to think how lame and stupid these people were to believe the lies that he had
told them and then his head had become full of hideous thoughts and ideas on
how much he was going to make them all suffer before killing them.  
  
Simon, who wanted to be more careful with the two brothers, and to make sure
that there would be no problems from them, had taken his time driving back to
the warehouse until the sleeping medication had begun to start working on
them.  
  
But Simon, after he thought about the situation, and knowing that once the
medication would render them into unconsciousness, much like Julia's sister,
because of their size, he would have a problem dragging them into the
warehouse, so he changed his plan and decided to get them to walk in on their
own by telling them that he had been living in the warehouse when he and his
wife had separated and that he had two kegs of beer inside and needed their
help carrying them out, so Simon now hurried to get to his destination.  
  
A problem occurred after they arrived at the warehouse. The two brothers, who
started to feel drowsiness from the medication, suspected that something was
wrong and had become suspicious as to what had been going on.  
  
Simon, who noticed this, pulled out his hand gun from in his coat pocket and
pointed it at the two brothers then ordered them to start walking.  
  
The two brothers did as they were told, but the older one resisted and started
to threaten Simon that if he didn't let them go that he would hurt him, but
Simon only shook his head and grinned and ordered them inside the building.  
  
Upon entering the old warehouse the brothers were stunned when they noticed
their sister and her two kids bound and gagged and laying on their knees on
the floor.  
  
Both brothers turned around to face Simon who then aimed the gun directly at
them and had threatened to kill them if they didn't keep quiet and do as they
were told.  
  
He ordered them to remove their clothing, down to their underwear, and to sit
down beside the others.  
  
Simon stood a good distance from the two brothers and waited until the
sleeping medication had finally taken over them where several minutes later
they both had slumped over onto the floor into unconscious.  
  
Then Simon, as he had done to the others, bound and gagged and duct taped
their mouths shut.  
  
The sister and her two kids were awake and began moaning and struggling to get
free.  
  
Simon walked over to them and began kicking them in the chest and in the
stomach and anywhere he could until they stopped moving around and he caught
their attention.  
  
The sister and her two kids looked up to Simon who pointed the gun at them and
warned them to stay still or else he would have to shoot them.  
  
After he had them under his control and was certain that they couldn't escape
from being tied up he then decided it was now time to go and get the only one
left, his dearly beloved wife.  
  
He made a stop at a fast food place again and bought some food for her and him
self and while in the car, again had used the sleeping medication that he
poured into her soft drink.  
  
Simon arrived at his house around one hour later that afternoon and picked up
Julia, who had been waiting outside on the front steps, and who stilled had
believed that she was being taken to a hall to celebrate their sixth wedding
anniversary.  
  
Julia hopped into the car and Simon, after offering her the food, then drove
away.  
  
Simon, who knew that this would be the last trip he would have to make, drove
much faster this time and in less than forty five minutes, had arrived at the
old warehouse.  
  
Julia, who hadn't fallen a sleep at that time, suddenly realized that she
wasn't being taken to any wedding anniversary celebration and started arguing
with him and at one point had opened the door and ran, but Simon had caught up
to her and turned her around and drove his knee so hard into her stomach that
she instantly dropped to the ground and had begun to vomit up all of the food
that she had eaten.  
  
Simon, after seeing this, became concerned that some of the medication he had
given to her had come up in her vomit and so not to take any chances had
poured more medication into the soft drink that he had and turned her on her
back and forced it done her throat and then held his hand over her mouth to
make sure she didn't vomit or try to spit out any of the medication.  
  
He then stayed there, standing over top of her, while she held onto her
stomach, groaning in pain, and waited until she had fallen unconscious.  
  
Simon then dragged her helpless body into the warehouse, stripped off her
clothing, leaving her in only her bra and panties and left her in the same
condition as the others.  
  
Julia's older sister began mumbling loudly at Simon, along with her two kids,
who also began making noises as they again were struggling to free themselves.  
  
Simon walked out of the building and had gone to the trunk of his car, where
he took out a baseball bat and then had gone back inside where he then walked
up to Julia's sister and swung the bat down on her left shoulder so hard that
he heard the sound of the bone that had been broken.  
  
She fell over on her side and moaned loudly from the pain as Simon again had
hit her again with the baseball bat; only this time on the side of her arm,
breaking the bone in her elbow.  
  
She began to moan so loud this time that Simon covered his ears and walked out
of the warehouse for a short while.  
  
He stood outside holding onto his head and then swallowed down six pills to
help relieve him of the pain that he had been experiencing.  
  
A few moments later he went back inside and again walked over to Julia's
sister and took the baseball bat, raised it high above his head and hit
Julia's sister on the left side of her leg, which had shattered her shin bone.  
  
And even though her mouth had been stuffed with one of her socks and taped
shut, her muffled screams could still be heard quite loudly, which had driven
Simon to go crazy on her as he then dropped the bat on the floor and with his
two hands had begun to choke her until she had fluids trickling out of her
nose and had almost died.  
  
Simon stopped and removed the tape from her mouth so she could breathe.  
  
He didn't want her to die just yet; he wanted to prolong her suffering.  
  
The two teens, after seeing what happened to their mother, started creating a
lot of noise too, and Simon now focused his attention on them.  
  
While looking at the both of them, for a moment Simon remembered how they once
had urinated and spit on his food.  
  
Simon pulled out his penis and looked at the boy and began to urinate on his
face and as the boy lowered his head Simon continued to urinate on his neck
and down along his back and then walked over the girl and grabbed her by the
hair and pulled her head up and twice spit onto her face.  
  
He then walked into another room where he unloaded his hand gun and then came
back, walked up to the two teens and took turns pointing the gun at their
heads and pulling the trigger, sending shock through them as he made them
think that they were being shot.  
  
Simon watched as the two teens winced and wobbled their heads each time he
pulled the trigger of the gun as if they were trying to avoid from being hit
from any bullets.  
  
Simon grinned at them as he then pulled bullets out of his pocket and loaded
up the hand gun.  
  
This time he stood over the oldest brother of Julia and placed the gun against
the back of his head, pretending that he was going to shoot him, and fired the
gun next to his ear, which had sent him falling down onto the floor in pain
from the sound of the gun shot.  
  
He then walked over to the other brother and pushed him down on his side and
pinned him against the wall and then shot him in the knee cap of his left leg
and then once in the thigh of his right leg, which left him squirming and
moaning in pain while his body shook uncontrollably.  
  
Simon sat down in the chair and remained motionless, without an expression on
his face, except for the cold stare from his eyes that focused directly on his
wife who had awoke.  
  
Seconds later he stood up and walked over to where she had been placed on the
floor and started punching her in the face and when she leaned her head down
to avoid from being hit, he grabbed her by the hair and straightened her head
up and repeatedly punched her in the face until her nose had been broken and
both of her lips had been busted open and her face then had become a mask of
red as the blood had flowed freely from her face and mouth.  
  
She bled so badly that the blood had covered over her face, neck and part of
her upper body and continued to drip even after several minutes had gone by.  
  
Simon looked at his wife and remembered all the pain she had inflicted on him
over the past six years and unable to control his anger had raced back over to
her and grabbed her by the hair with his left hand and with his right hand
again had started punching her in the face, splattering blood on her sister
who had laid beside her, and he had kept on hitting her until his hand had
begun to hurt.  
  
He then stopped and had become so sickened at the sight of her face from the
horrible beating that he had given to her that he turned away and walked to
another part of the room where he, with both of his hands, leaned against the
wall and began breathing heavily, sucking in large amounts of air into his
lungs until he had calmed down.  
  
The eerie sounds of their muffled screaming and the stench from the young girl
and her mother who had urinated and defecated on themselves had become so
bothersome to Simon that he again had to walk out of the building.  
  
He paced around in circles with his hands firmly placed against the side of
his head and began mumbling things to himself in regard to when and whom he
would kill first.  
  
Night time had fallen and because there was no light in the warehouse Simon
had to get the two kerosene lanterns from his car, and also had brought along
six plastic buckets that he had stored in the trunk of his car from a cleaning
business he once had a while ago and then returned back inside where he placed
the lanterns on the floor several feet apart from one another to lighten up
the room.  
  
He then took the six buckets and went out to the back of the building where
there was a creek that ran behind the warehouse.  
  
Simon filled up each of the buckets with the dirty water from the creek and
then brought them back inside where he set the buckets in front of each of his
prisoners.  
  
The temperature lowered and the cold winter air made its way inside of the
warehouse, leaving the building to feel like a large freezer.  
  
Moments later Simon took the buckets and one by one splashed water on each of
them, wetting their entire upper body and then stood there and watched as the
six of them shook and trembled terribly from the frigid air that continued to
make its way inside the warehouse.  
  
For the next several minutes, Simon just stared at them as they shivered and
trembled from the cold and the fear that they were experiencing, while he sat
in the chair and constantly clinched the fingers of his left hand into a fist
while his right hand firmly gripped around the handle of the semi- automatic
hand gun.  
  
He had no regrets, guilt or even remorse for what he had done.  
  
No longer did he feel like a man and no longer did he even feel like a human
being, but instead had now become just like them, cruel, heartless, evil and
violent and even worse than that he had now become a true demon himself.  
  
In his mind he not only was going to kill them for what they had done to him,
but he also believed that he would be doing society a favor by killing them
and taking away some of the evil that existed in the world.  
  
It wasn't until moments later that he had finally decided to start with the
oldest brother and kill him first.  
  
He rose up from the chair and walked straight over to him and pointed the gun
at him and shot him point blank under the left eye where the force of the
bullet had sunken in the skin of his face as his body tilted backwards and
then had fallen forward flat onto the concrete floor.  
  
The sight if seeing him shot had sent the others into a fit of terrifying rage
as they tried to scatter around the floor, in different directions, trying
desperately to get away.  
  
And Simon, who just couldn't stand the sound or sight of them any more, ran
over to the other brother and shot him on the side of the head ripping off
part of his ear and then shot him in the neck and continued to shoot him in
the head until the gun had emptied.  
  
Simon looked at his dead body lying on the floor soaking in the blood that had
been gushing out of his head.  
  
The rest of them never stayed still as Simon could see the fear in them as
they scattered and moved around the floor trying their best to free themselves
or find a place to hide.  
  
Simon again went outside to his car, opened up the trunk and took out the
sawed off shot gun. It had been at that time, while loading up the shot gun
that he noticed a car that slowly passed by on the nearby highway where a
person seated in the passenger side of the vehicle had glanced in his
direction.  
  
He quickly hurried back inside where he ran over to the teenage boy and put
his foot on top of his shoulder to stop him from moving and placed the shot
gun against his head and shot him.  
  
The sight of seeing how the shotgun had blown off half of his head, and
scattered pieces of his skull and flesh onto the floor, had become too much
for Simon to bare as he turned around and fell down on his knees and began to
choke and then started to vomit.  
  
He got back up holding his stomach while still coughing up vomit and ran
outside to get away from what he had witnessed.  
  
The pain in his head had come back as he dropped the gun down on the ground
and took a hand full of pills out from inside the pocket of his pants and
tossed them all into his mouth and in one big gulp had swallowed them all.  
  
He grabbed hold of his head with both hands as his winched in great pain and
cried out loud and then kneeled down on his hands and knees, gasping for air
as he continued to moan from the pain inside his head.  
  
And then, moments later, he went back inside the warehouse, walked over to
Julia's older sister and like a raging maniac, began stomping on her head and
face and didn't stop until her jaw was broken where she began to choke on some
of her own teeth that had been lodged in her throat.  
  
Simon then grabbed the baseball bat and cursed out loud as he started beating
her on top of the head until she died and then left her dead body on the floor
where part of her brains had been exposed through her crushed skull.  
  
Julia and the young girl frantically slid their way towards the other side of
the room while this had been going on, trying desperately to get near the
front door, but Simon, who had seen them from the corner of his eyes, had run
after them and dragged the girl back across the floor by her hair to where the
others had laid dead.  
  
He reloaded the hand gun and shot her in both legs and ankles and then went
back to get Julia, who was huddled up in the corner of the room and dragged
her by her feet and laid her next to her dead sister and screamed at her to
stop or else he would torture her some more.  
  
Julia, who trembled with fear, believed him and stopped, but the girl didn't,
as she still tried to get away, so Simon, with the butt end of the shot gun,
began to beat her upon the head and face, and because of her being bound and
gagged and feeling quite weak from the whole ordeal, had been helpless as
Simon continued to beat her upon the head until she had died.  
  
The young girl laid there next to Julia, beaten so badly that her right eye
had been knocked out of the socket, and Julia moaned in terror as Simon took
the shotgun and shot the dead girl in the left shoulder, blowing off her whole
arm.  
  
Simon then looked at Julia, who now had been the only one left, and just
watched as she slowly tried to squirm away from the dead girl's body.  
  
Simon had known all along what he was doing; he had saved Julia for his last
kill.  
  
He made her suffer more by waiting for over an hour, as she laid there shaking
and trembling with fear and the cold winter air that had now become even
colder and still had moaned and bled from the brutal beating he had given to
her.  
  
Simon still had found it difficult to look at Julia, who now had been so badly
beaten that her whole face had swallow and her eyes had been completely closed
and the skin of her face had turned to an ugly color of purple.  
  
Several minutes later he slowly walked over to where Julia had been lying and
removed the tape from her mouth and listened as she begged and pleaded for her
life.  
  
He placed his knee upon her chest so she couldn't move and then pulled out a
small knife from inside the back pocket of his pants and after holding her
still, carved in the word "Pig" onto her forehead.  
  
A short time later he shot her in the neck from close range, walked back, sat
down in the chair, so he could watch his wife suffer even more before dying.  
  
He sat there and listened to the gurgling sounds coming from her as she lay on
her side, struggling to breathe, while blood had oozed out of her mouth.  
  
Simon waited a little longer and when he felt she was about to die, had walked
over to her and at close range had shot her once in the head.  
  
He stayed there staring at her and watched and listened until she had taken
her final breathe.  
  
Simon walked back to the chair and again sat down and looked at the six people
he had killed, their dead bodies torn apart from the brutal beatings and
bullets he had given to them, and now had laid lifeless before him, drenched
in their own blood.  
  
He then looked up to the ceiling and began to weep, knowing now that his
suffering would soon be over.  
  
For a few moments his mind drifted off to another place that never had
existed.  
  
A place where he imagined he was happy again and where life had been good to
him.  
  
It had been a place where he had been among people who all had been friendly,
caring and loving to him. It had been a place he wanted so badly to go too.  
  
His thoughts were then suddenly interrupted by the loud sound of sirens and
cars with red flashing lights that pulled up outside of the warehouse.  
  
In a few seconds he heard the voice of a police officer, who rushed in and
yelled at Simon to lay down his weapon.  
  
Simon mumbled to himself how he now was ready to enter through the gates of
heaven.  
  
Again the police officer yelled at him to lay down his weapon.  
  
Simon slowly lowered his head, and as the tears still continued to flow down
from his eyes, with both hands, placed the hand gun into his mouth and pulled
the trigger.  

