### The man in the Nash sedan by leroyvaughn

**Date Added:** 2012-02-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** An assasin is sent to Mexico to kill a V.I.P. before the start of the cold war. You can listen to this story on Crime City Central pod-cast #34 

* * *

  
It had been over three hours since the man left Brownsville, Texas heading
south on the Pan American Highway. He looked at the gas gauge as he saw a gas
station on the side of the road.

The young gas station attendant watched as the old Nash sedan pulled into the
pumps. The driver got out of the car and handed the attendant four one dollar
U.S. bills and said something to him in English.

The gas pump jockey had no idea what the man with the little red dictator
style mustache had just said, but he went to the pump, picked up the one that
said regular in Spanish and inserted the nozzle into the gas tank of the two
tone, red over gray sedan.

While the younger man pumped the gas, the American walked to the front of the
Nash and checked the desert canvas bag that was tied with its rope handle to
the grill of the car.

The desert bag had evaporated the way it was supposed to do, in order to help
keep the radiator cool and the man with the baggy trousers and loose fitting
shirt picked up the water can that was by the pumps and added water to the
canvas bag.

The Mexican finished pumping the gas and started to wash the windshield as the
man put the water can back and asked how far it was to Mexico City. Again, the
attendant had not understood him and shrugged his shoulders.

The pump jockey was honest and had rounded the American money off, using the
current exchange rate. The American now had a full tank of gas. He thanked the
pump jockey and drove away, as the Mexican looked at the Alabama plates and
pronounced the name of the state to himself.

The pump jockey was still watching the Nash as the man pulled into a shady
area about two hundred meters down the road and parked.

The American sat in the driver's seat of his old car and opened a brown paper
bag. He pulled out two hard boiled eggs and a small can of black pepper. He
washed the eggs down with warm water from an old military surplus metal
canteen and had a couple of pieces of beef jerky for desert.

The attendant watched from where he sat on the edge of the gas pumps as the
old Nash pulled out from the shade and headed south.

It was late at night and the Americans eyes were tired from the long drive, as
he pulled into the outskirts of Mexico City.

He rubbed his eyes as he searched for a place to stop for the night. It wasn't
long before he saw the sign for the Sahara Hotel and pulled in front of it.

He was in luck. It was a slow night and the hotel had vacancies. He did not
require the services of the bellman, because he was traveling light. All he
had with him was his old Marine Corps overnight bag.

As he entered the room, he put the green overnight bag on the luggage stand
and opened it. He took out his two snub nosed thirty eight revolvers and began
checking them out.

The revolvers were identical, except for the serial numbers and they were
close, being built the same day at the Smith and Wesson factory.

Both pistols had been fired by him over fifty times each and they were
spotless and in perfect firing condition. He knew that he would only have one
chance to kill the communist and he wanted his weapons to be as ready as he
was.

He wasn't going to carry any extra ammo, because he knew that he was going to
have to go in fast and dirty. He took his Marine Corps fighting knife out of
the overnight bag, removed it from the leather sheath and lifted it in his
hands, feeling its weight.

The fighting knife would be his back-up, if the ten rounds of ammo were not
enough for the communist, his bodyguard and anyone else that tried to stop him
from killing the son of a bitch.

There was a knock on the door and the man with the little red mustache tipped
the bellman and took the pint of Scotch whiskey from him. He then closed the
door behind the bellman.

He sipped the Scotch straight with water back as he studied a street map of
Mexico City.

He found the street that the communist was laying low on and estimated that it
was less than ten miles from the hotel that he was at now.

If his sources back in the States were correct, he should be able to find the
house, check everything out and be ready and able to kill the commie real
soon.

The American was awake before the sun came up. He ate breakfast in the hotel
restaurant and went back to his room to get his weapons.

He was just planning to recon the area that day, but he would take his weapons
in case the chance came up to kill the communist if he spotted him in the
area.

He looked at himself in the mirror before he put on his corduroy sports coat.
He wore left and right hand holsters on his hips and the knife was on his belt
in the small of his back. The coat covered the weapons well.

As he walked through the lobby, he looked at the calendar on the hotel desk.
The date was August 19, 1940. He was surprised at how cool the weather was in
Mexico City in August.

The would be assassin spent the entire day watching the house and walking the
neighborhood near the compound where the communist lived.

He did not see the communist, but he did see people that he thought would be
part of the household staff and a woman that he was sure was married to the
big shot red.

It was getting dark and he was hungry as he headed back to the hotel. After
dinner, he wiped his weapons down and sipped Scotch. He was too excited to
sleep.

He was ready the next morning to make the hit, but he told himself that he
would have to be patient. His sources back in the states had advised him that
the commie was a late sleeper and the best time to hit him would be just
before noon.

The American knew that he could get into the compound and kill anyone that got
in his way and take the commie in his sleep, but he wanted the man to see him
as he shot him at close range.

He trimmed his mustache and played solitaire for several hours before he put
the knife on the back of his belt and strapped on his pistols.

He felt really good as he strutted into the lobby. The man overheard two men
speaking English and he froze in his tracks as he listened to one of them tell
the other that he had just heard that Leon Trotsky had been assassinated.

The American went to the desk and asked the clerk if he had heard the rumor.
He was told that it had just come out on the radio, over the B.B.C. The Mexico
City police were questioning a Spanish communist suspect at that time.

"Anything to declare", the customs agent asked as the man entered the United
States at Brownsville, Texas.

"No," the man answered as he was waved into the United States.

The man with the little red mustache was disappointed, but he knew that as a
regulator there would be lots communists that would need to be taken out by
the company, but Trotsky would have been the big one for him.

(c) 2006

