### Cobra by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2012-02-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When a serial killer is in town, Cobra is called as cure.. 

* * *

  
Its a very warm day in Miami as the temperature has risen above thirty-five
degrees. Since a few weeks there is a serial killer active in the city where
money counts the most. People, mostly women are getting killed by an unknown
person that only works with a knife. The MDPD hasn't found a single trace
which can lead them to a suspect, so they are forced to call back a suspended
agent and the only one of the corps who has solved all of his cases. His name
is Joe "Cobra" Cobretti, a selfish hardnosed cop who solves his cases with
working "out of the book".

The last victim of the serial killer named "The Slasher of Miami" was a
beautifull model and she ended death in her car two days ago, it was the
seventh notable victim of th serial killer. Cobretti and his partner Al
Johnson are going to a informant on the street who maybe has some usefull
advice for them. This informant known as Noogie doesn't seem to know something
himself. He does leads them to a photographer who was linked to four of the
seven victims. When Cobretti and Johnson where questioning a Randall Queens,
the photographer, the both thought he did knew more. So Cobretti visited him
again in personal and pushed Queens to the limit but still he kept his mouth
shot. Back at the office, Cobretti's supervisor warned him to not make another
mistake or else he would be fired. Cobretti doesn't seem to care and says he
has one way of solving cases, the right one and he leaves.

Back home Cobretti starts searching on the web if there are any locals who
think they saw the killer. Of course there arent any serious ones so he eats
his last peace of pizza before going to sleep. In the meantime the killer is
after his next victim, another model. The killer first lost his victim because
she entered a pub. After two hours she leaves again and she is a little drunk.
The killer plays a game with her but at the moment when a car is coming he
ends the game by killing her. The next day Cobretti gets to know about the
next victim and thinks about someone within the law, someone who wants to make
a statement. His supervisor doesn't take it that serious and wants to take
Cobretti of the case and fire him, but can't do it because Cobretti is his
best man. When Cobretti leaves the crime scene and enters a pub for a drink,
he is followed by another agent. Meanwhile agent Johnson is leaving the office
to go home but is unknown a witness of a next attack by the serial killer.
Johnson can't loose the killer on his way home and is attacked and almost
killed. To make it more worse, the killer's next victim was his girlfriend.
Cobretti wants to catch the killer now more than ever and investigates the
crime-scene on his own way. He then finds a hidden camera and finds the
videotapes of the killing time. Soon he gets to know that it is a man with
long hair, black skinned and wears long coat. To get any further, he visits
Johnson in the hospital to find out if he can tell him more. Johnson hasn't
told anything to other cops but does tell something usefull to Cobretti.

On his old computer, Cobretti soon finds a possible picture of the killer and
checks out a profile. The killer is already on his way to kill the next victim
but failed when she figured out to soon she's being followed and ran away.
Cobretti gets a call from the office who informs him about a witness. The girl
who wants to do a declaration is the same girl who was almost the next victim
of the killer. She describes him as much she can and gets protection. Cobretti
soon finds out who the killer is and knows him well. He and his recovered
partner Johnson visit the killer named Michael Bradley at his home, only to
figure out they where to late. After calling for back up they find a secret
door leading to the basement. Here they find pictures and information about
all of the victims and the girl they found and two other girls who arent death
yet. Cobretti's supervisor starts a operation by using the other two girls as
bait. On the night he should make his next victim, the killer doesn't show up
leaving Cobretti in anger. Then he gets a call from Johnson who should give
protection to their witness, why he was called back to the office. Cobretti
now knows Johnson is the next victim and shortly afterwards Johnson is getting
killed by the killer.

Cobretti finds a dieing Johnson who asks Cobretti for revenge. Cobretti worked
with Johnson for six years and now is furious enough to do whatever it takes
to kill the killer. Cobretti's supervisor wants him to quit the case and
eventually forced him to stop. For Cobretti reason enough to finish it in
personal. He destroys all his work and brakes out the witness Katy. Cobretti
tells her they are both in the same now he isn't a cop anymore. His supervisor
informs Cobretti he's wanted now himself and must turn in himself or getting
fired. Cobretti answers with go fuck yourselves and throws his mobile away.
Cobretti and Katy enter a motel to stay the night. Katy wants to help Cobretti
and they eventually end up in bed. The man of who Cobretti thinks is the
killer shows up in the middle of the night explaining he is innocent. He tells
about his twin brother that was staying with him the last weeks and is the
real killer. Cobretti doesn't believe him but Katy does. So they now work
together to catch "the real killer". Cobretti doesn't trust the man and stays
awake the rest of the night. When the man leaves to make a phonecall and
hasn't came back in an hour, Cobretti prepares him for a attack. Both of the
brothers show up and attack Cobretti and Katy with machineguns. After a few
minutes Cobretti and Katy leave the place in a old pick up. They can't get the
twin brothers of their tale so Cobretti informs his supervisor there we're two
more bodybags needed. Katy drives in a old factory and both of them hide.

The two brothers split up and Cobretti goes on his own leaving Katy with his
gun. A minute later Cobretti jumps on one of the brothers unarmed him and end
up in hand to hand fight. Cobretti eventually wins and kills him, almost
getting shot himself by the other. The living brother tells Cobra they killed
more victims than he knows about and they always worked together. Cobretti
finds Katy again and is wound a bit. When Cobretti and Katy try to leave the
factory, they are being catched by the killer. Held under shot Cobretti is hot
down but is stable enough to shoot the killer in his hand. The two end in a
hand to hand combat won by Cobretti as he pushes the killer in a barg with
oil.

In the end Cobretti is told not to be suspended anymore and gets
congratulations by his supervisor. When he says he would do it himself in a
more better way, Cobretti hits him on the face. When he is looked after by a
doctor, he leaves with Katy.

