### Hey, Man, What's Happenin'? by Rico.Viejo

**Date Added:** 2012-03-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A worthless lout helps a girl throw away her future. 

* * *

Things just happen. A few of us like to think we make things happen; they,
like most of us, spin a narrative to tie all the happenings together, as if
this followed from that and if such-and-such hadn't happened then so-and-so
would have happened or wouldn't have happened: to create a sense of order or
control. Good Ol' Descartes. We don't like the chaos of random happenings.
Well, probably no one likes chaos but theoretical physicists. But a few deal
with it—and if you stop constructing rationality for a moment and look hard,
you'll see that it's all chaos—as I said, they deal with it by blindly—that's
the best word—accepting, or ignoring, it.

John was an acceptor. He accepted that jobs happened, jobs stopped happening,
girls happened, girls stopped happening. His friends would have said he was
oblivious, except they were, themselves, too oblivious to notice. So, John
went to work one day. A new girl had started that day. She saw him. She liked
what she saw. She confronted him. He slept with her that night. The next week,
he moved in, keeping his room across town mainly for his clothes, because her
place was small, too, and she only had extra space in her bed and, there, not
very much.

A new, extended interval of time in which this girl—Alice—would be a part of
John's existence. He accepted her, as he accepted everything else. John was
good in bed, he was very attentive and affectionate, he was absolutely devoted
to her and would be until she happened to go. If she went—and there was no
saying that she would or would not—John did not even consider past experience
because, for him, there was no ability to predict from it (believers would
say: "Sure she'll go, unless you're lucky, the others did." But if they said
that to John, and he considered it, he might have noted that a few came back,
after a while, and stayed for a while), so, if Alice went, John would wait—and
he was good at waiting—because to him there was no such thing as waiting—he
would wait until something else happened—including Alice changing her mind and
coming back—even for just one night—to settle something with him, or herself,
or someone else she'd involved herself with. You mustn't think that John was
uninterested in Alice. He was! It's just that, being an acceptor, he had no
sense of future.

She soon wanted commitment from him—she'd decided on John. He would be
faithful to her—no other girls. If they found they were really compatible,
they would marry, have a family, grow old together. John could accept all her
ideas of the future because they had no meaning whatever to him—because they
were of the future. This talk of Alice to John would have communicated just as
much if John had been Alice's loving, devoted dog, and she was telling
him—this apparently extremely interested dog—about the good time they were
going to have on Sunday (no recognition) playing (some) with his frisbee (a
lot) on the beach (some). And, like a dog, John would be ecstatic when the
beach "happened."

After all this was settled—in Alice's mind—she could be comfortable with John.
The little bit of tension was gone. It was then that Alice discovered the
(pathological?) lack of tension in John—regarding anything. What was she to
do? She was more comfortable with him than with any prior lover—because they
were the same size, could pass for twins—but for gender? Their bodies fitted
together so nicely. And his love-making was the best.

She decided to push him. His current job was mediocre. It would be nice if he
could earn more. They could get a nice apartment where they both could have
their things, their clothes. It was at a Belmondo movie that she saw the
similarity between John and the criminal character Belmondo was playing: John
was not passionless, he was "tough." Alice went to a gun shop with a story
about being afraid of people in her neighborhood and eventually got a revolver
and bullets. She loaded the gun, gave it John along with a rubber Nixon mask,
and sent him off to rob a bank in a distant suburb.

The money—now in a dresser drawer. Alice asked no questions: no how did it go?
did you have to use the gun? She didn't even read the newspapers for a
month—well, she never did, anyway. To Alice, the money's sudden appearance in
her dresser drawer had "just happened." And the money lay untouched in the
drawer until Alice saw a dress "she just had to have."

The hundred-dollar bill had a serial number that linked it to the robbery. The
dress shop was making a minor alteration to the dress to suit Alice's
figure—and had Alice's address. When the police arrived, they found the gun,
the mask, and the rest of the stolen money. The gun was linked to Alice at the
gun shop. Alice's franticness persuaded a dull-minded detective that the case
was solved with Alice's arrest.

John happened to be playing pool with his old friends the day they took Alice
away. When he went to Alice's apartment and found the door padlocked, he
studied the lock for a second, shrugged his shoulders, and went back to his
old room, picking up a newspaper, to read the job-ads, and a new razor and
toothbrush, on the way.

Did John ever think of Alice—the good times together, the laughs, the great
sex? No. He wasn't that kind of guy. He just waited to see what would happen
next.

