### In Stupid by Rico.Viejo

**Date Added:** 2012-04-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Who really killed Dinah Brand? 

* * *

"You're going to want to get Millie in here to read this to you, Boss," said
the detective, waving a book, from his broken desk out in the bullpen.

"I'm busy. What is it? Why Millie?"

"It's a diary, in shorthand. Can you read shorthand?"

"Never learned it."

"That's why you're the boss."

"This has something to do with your current job. And why are you here?"

"Joe's meeting me here in a few minutes. And it's about Hansen."

"Bill?"

"Yeah, your boy Bill."

"Best operative I ever had."

"Sorry I'm not insane, Boss."

"Leave the book on my desk when you go."

When Joe appeared, the detective put the book back in its brown paper
wrapping, and left the package, string and all, on his boss's desk. The
package was postmarked Montana. It had one of Hansen's legitimate business
cards glued to it for an address.

"You had some work for me, Mr. Ashton?"

"Take this and read through it," said the boss to Millie. "Then come back and
tell me about it."

She opened the book and looked inside. "Should I read it here?"

"Too many distractions. Take it home with you."

"Standard rate, Mr. Ashton?"

"Standard rate."

"Thank you, Mr.Ashton."

"Oh. Don't just show up. Call me first."

"Yes, Mr. Ashton."

"Okay, Millie, what _is_ it?"

"The first part—up to the page that was dog-eared—is all about business deals
and meetings and money. Then it gets personal and pretty racy. A woman wrote
it."

"Who? What was her name? When? What dates?"

"She didn't write her name in it. And there's no dates," said Millie. "Like
here," she said, opening the book to the dogged page. "She drew two heavy
lines across, then, under them, wrote 'Day 1'. Next, there's something I don't
understand. She says, 'Today, [for the] first time in my life, I fell in
stupid.'"

"Means 'love'."

"Makes sense. Shall I read it to you, read it back to you, word-for-word?"

"How long will that take?"

"Coupla hours."

"Haven't time. You can read pieces of it to me when you come in to take my
letters."

"I feel bad. This is awfully personal. And I was a little embarrassed to read
some parts of it."

"If it's by who I think it's by, she's dead."

"Are you going to find who killed her?"

"That's the idea."

"Shouldn't you, what, 'get somebody on it' right away?"

"Whoever killed her is dead, too. No rush, Millie."

"You owe me for four-and-a-half hours."

"I'll make it five hours, Millie," he said, scribbling.

"Mr. Ashton! I was sure you'd say 'four' or less."

"I'm getting old, discouraged, and soft, Millie, " he said, handing her the
chit. "Time for me to retire."

"Not old, Mr. Ashton! You look quite young to me! 'Vigorous' I'd say!"

"You'll always have work here, Millie. George will pay you. Go. I'm busy."

"Oh. I could type it out for you."

"I'd rather have you read it to me. You have a nice voice and pretty ankles."

"Mr. Ashton!" she said, blushing.

Millie had taken three letters and closed her book. The boss took the diary
out of a drawer and slid it across the desk to her. "A few pages, Millie," he
said. He tipped his chair back, put his hands behind his neck, and closed his
eyes.

Millie read: "'Day one. Today, for the first time in my life, I fell in'
love—I mean 'stupid'. Then there's the initials H and E."

"Could it be 'he' in capitals?"

"Could be. Like he's really special? There's no names in here. It's all
initials, but periods between them, except with the 'HE'."

"You're an observant girl, Millie. Read on."

"'wants [to] talk to me about D period W period Wants me to tell him I killed
him. Or who did. Gets [a] real funny look in [his] eyes when [he] says [the
word] "kill". Think [I'd?] flashed him my' I don't use the next word, Mr.
Austin."

"Come on, Millie. We're not children."

"People use that word when they call a cat, Mr. Ashton."

"Good, now I know the word, Millie. Are you a prude, Millie?"

"I'm a nice girl."

"You are, indeed. If you can't be literal, circle the parts. I'll get one of
my male detectives to read them to me."

"You don't need to do that, Mr. Ashton. She said: 'flashed him my pussy', Mr.
Ashton. Are you satisfied?"

"Your work is always extremely satisfying, Millie. Enough. Go type the
letters."

A long letter and a short letter in her book. Book set aside, diary opened:
"She says: '[I] Had to see what he has. [He'd?] Passed out. When [his]
breathing got regular, [I] Unbuttoned his fly'. Can I skip some, Mr. Ashton?
Is this all relevant?"

"You never know what's relevant Millie. You have to attend to every detail.
It's the ones that most people would dismiss that are sometimes the ones that
break the case. Every boring little detail. Read every boring word, Millie."

"I'd hardly say what's next is boring, Mr. Ashton."

"Good! Read it to me. Every word."

"Yes, sir. '[I] Unbuttoned his fly. Pulled it out. Nothing special. Played
with it. Hair-trigger. Got [as] stiff and rampant as [the] wet dishrag [I]
cleaned up with.' If that means what I think it does, sir, she had a problem.
I mean, if she wanted him to make love to her. And I think she was the kind of
woman who would have expected that."

"Are you that kind of woman, Millie?"

"Certainly not, sir!"

"Well, if you were, and you found yourself in a situation like that, what
would you do?"

"Value him for some other qualities?"

"'In stupid', Millie."

"She really was, sir."

"A little more, Millie."

"That's all there was for that day, sir."

"Okay, then. Go type the letters."

"Mr. Ashton? About the details. I've been putting in little words she left
out."

"That's fine, Millie. I think I know who killed her, now."

"'HE' killed her. I could tell you that. Just from what we've read so far."

"You make me sorry I'm old and married, Millie. If I wasn't, I'd ask you to
marry me."

"Thank you, but I'm already married, Mr. Ashton," Millie said, smiling shyly
and blushing bright red. Millie loved the old man. She was 'in stupid' with
him. She would have married him in a minute if she could.

