### Job-Sharing by Rico.Viejo

**Date Added:** 2012-04-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Twins. Computer Programmers. Lady killers.� 

* * *

They had _one_ job: they job-shared, working, usually, alternate days. Their
employers didn't know this, nor did the people they worked with—except one
that fell victim to them, and she didn't live to tell. 'He' worked as a
contract programmer, directly for a man neither had met—who held the actual
service contract and took a nice cut. They'd work at large companies that were
failing, in bankruptcy, where some employees were working diligently to "save"
the company and their jobs (or their retention bonuses) and some were jumping
ship.

Because a "saver" sometimes proposed a (software) system conversion as an
assist to turning the company around, those companies needed to maintain their
programming staff levels, or to even temporarily increase them. The simplest
solution was to bring in "contractors."

These outsiders, these temps, if incompetent, were quickly weeded out. Highly
paid, their product and their work habits were severely scrutinized. Here, the
twins excelled: they'd developed a programming "style" that yielded highly
readable, well-documented code. Anyone could pick up one of 'his' programs and
quickly understand it—which was important, because one couldn't waste any time
figuring out what the other had written or changed the previous day, and vice
versa: the get-prepped mug was sufficient. And they were religious in
recording 'his' hours in detail, to the minute, on what particular task 'he'
was working on (which the project managers loved). And 'he' worked
diligently—never more than the expected brief break in the lunch room, to the
men's room, or to eat at 'his' desk, glued to 'his' terminal, wearing 'his'
set of noise-canceling headphones connected to a music player. No personal
phone calls. No surreptitious reading of magazines or newspapers, no web-
surfing or Solitaire, no nodding off.

The perfect employee. Not everyone liked 'him': the members of the regular
staff resented 'his' sometimes being held up as an exemplar—examples of 'his'
code being distributed as "how we are going to program/document, going
forward." They resented the money 'he' was making, not considering that 'he'
didn't get paid holidays, sick-days, or vacation-days. Or that his
employer/agent was getting a large share. Or that they could goof off half the
day with relative impunity. Some just resented 'his' outrageously good looks,
which got painfully evident attention from some of the women.

So, when a vague likeness from a surveillance camera would appear in a
newspaper reporting "another disappearance of a young woman," they were fairly
quick to point 'him' out to their friends and to the authorities. If
questioned, 'he' always had an "air-tight alibi": hard at work, people all
around, signed time-sheets, etc., etc., at the time the photo was taken.

While 'he' was at conspicuous work, the other 'he' would "play" with their
victims; or 'he' would cruise bars and coffee shops for a new victim, or be
making up to a selected girl, seducing her to the point where she'd agree to
go to "his place." Which was in an apartment-hotel with a guest elevator, a
service elevator, and stairs, several entrances, and an unrenovated upper
floor, that they'd obtained, arguing 'his' need for isolation and quiet—"he
was a computer scientist"—and 'his' willingness to do the renovation
'himself', at 'his' expense, to 'his' apartment, to _their_ standards—"Come by
any time."

'He' also renovated an adjacent, connecting room to 'his' standards, which was
to totally sound-proof and water-proof it, to create something like a
gymnasium's showers: open stalls along the sides, with showers and unusually
large, open drains, and a large massage-table in the center over another
drain.

On arriving at 'his' place, on being taken to the bedroom after a romantic
dinner, the girl was subjected to the most enduring sex she would ever
experience. The guy would make love to her, make a quick stop in the bathroom,
and be back, ready to resume, with magically renewed vigor. It would sometimes
go on for several nights, depending on her enthusiasm and inventiveness. Then
she'd wake up with a severe hangover, hanging by her wrists in one of the
shower stalls.

When she regained her senses fully, she'd soon see she was not alone: there
were other girls, live girls, hung in other stalls: some much too quiet, some
muttering, some talking to each other. 'His' "hobby" was to drive girls
insane, by torture, neglect, starvation, dehydration—whatever suited 'his'
fancy at the moment. A desperately thirsty girl would be given a drugged drink
and wake to find herself cuffed to the "massage table," where she just might
be massaged, but more likely severely whipped or raped, in full view of the
other girls. A few girls would "break" and become 'his' assistants, they'd be
unhooked to feed the other girls—usually canned cat food or dog food—run the
showers to wash away blood and excrement, help with the moving, the strapping-
down, even with the torture of the other girls. Anything, anything, to avoid
the final torture, which was to tattoo a large broken heart on the left
breast. Once marked, the girl would be given an injection, and taken from the
room, never to return.

The twins would dress the girl in the clothes she'd come in. The "handsome
boy" would take the girl "who'd had a little too much to drink" down to the
underground garage, where she'd spend a day in the trunk of a rental car, and
then be taken and dumped by the side of a deserted road where she'd be sure to
be found, sometimes within hours.

One girl, taken to her shower stall, had read an account of "The Broken-
Hearted Girls." It became permanent, common knowledge in the showers.

One preferred rape, the other, the lash. A trusty, jealous perhaps of a girl
who was raped every other visit, offered to do the whipping. While 'he' was
busy fingering another, almost-berserk girl, the trusty beat her victim to
death. It was difficult to tattoo, dress, and get rid of the body.

A young woman, of the type 'he' would generally select as one of their
victims—trim, healthy body, but something wrong about her facial structure,
making her un-pretty (such girls were particularly vulnerable to 'his'
masculine charm)—had a subject for her Master's thesis in Criminology: "The
Inheritance of Tendencies to Commit Serial Homicide." As an-about-to-be a
member of the in-crowd, and with her advisor's help, she was given access to
records normally unavailable but to those working on a case. With names and
birth-dates of killers, or of suspects—people who had been questioned—in
several cases over the years, she reviewed records of birth for parent's
names.

She hoped to find a parent identified as a serial killer—or, even, suspected
of it. One dreary afternoon, she looked at a birth record that noted:
_monozygotic_.

Eight half-starved, deranged girls were rescued from the showers.

