### The explosion on Soho Road by Jacobstories

**Date Added:** 2012-05-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Read and see how Alison feels when her home almost gets destroyed! 

* * *

THE EXPLOSION IN SOHO ROAD

Another crime filled day in the centre of Handsworth took its toll on 48 year
old solicitor, Alison Hall. She got back to her filthy, run down flat just on
the edge of West Bromwich, when she heard rumbling. She thought that it
couldn’t be an earth quake because it felt too soft and quiet. Just as she
ignored everything and was just about to put the TV on, she heard screaming
and cars going past at extremely high revs. She looked out of a hole in the
boarded up window and she saw citizens fleeing in cars covered in dents and
obvious signs of serious crashes. Some with broken windows on the drivers
side. She decided to grab her keys and leave the area as fast as she could!
Going in to a state of shock after seeing fire and smoke filling the sky with
most of the high street obliterated, she got into her crappy Vauxhall Astra
mk3, she started it up and drove down the road with the accelerator to the
floor. After leaving a long trail of burned rubber and smoke, she got out of
the area alive. Her first thoughts were to get as far away from Handsworth as
she could before warning her daughter and her daughter’s two kids. Flooring it
past several speed cameras she finally got on to the M5 motorway. Desperate to
warn her family, she was weaving through traffic at 110mph. As she got down to
Victoria Road in Brierly Hill, she yanked up the hand break while the car was
still in motion when she still had her foot flat to the floor. Smoke spewed
from the front tires until she let her foot off the accelerator. But by the
time she got to her daughter’s front door, Alison was in that much shock she
couldn’t speak for crying! She was hysterical. A few seconds after Alison
collapsed, her daughter Denise opened the door. She said “MOM!! Are you ok??”.
After a few minutes Alison began to calm down. She began to speak “Oh my good
lord thank you” What? Said Denise. Thank you that your all okay!! Why??? What
happened? There was a terrorist attack in Soho road!!! What seriously?? Yes,
really! Well quick come in and put on BBC News and I mean QUICK! They put on
the TV and Hey presto, the news was just starting. It said “This is BBC News
at six. Tonight's stories terrorist attack in Handsworth, overweight cat eats
less than an ideal weight cat, and petrol prices rise again. Our top story, at
only five pm today all hell broke loose in the centre of Handsworth when a
bomb was placed in a drain system in the high street. and was set to at least
five minutes to give the criminal time to get clean out of the area. Reporter
Matt Round is at the scene. Thank you Lizzie, well I'm standing in the rubble
which used to be Soho Road. By the look of this situation, it is definitely a
terrorist attack. The police are questioning as I speak. Thank you Matt now an
overweight cat in Liverpool” Sorry but I had to turn off the TV, that isn’t
important at a time like this!! Said Denise. Tears rolled down Alison’s face.
Do you want to stay here for a few months? I have a spare room. Yes please and
I better check on the flat when all of this blows over. said Alison. Well
we’ll just have to wait for more news

3 months later...

Alison and Denise went to see if the flat was okay. It had a lot of smoke on
the outside but inside was just how she left it three months ago, she lived at
New Street in Quarry bank ever since, all out of worry that it would happen
again and that’s the end to my story!! Thank you for reading

Reporter DJ JAKEY

