### May Madness by J H P

**Date Added:** 2012-05-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Man found dead, killer is close and clever, Detective watches colleagues die, considering the ending a sequal may be written. 

* * *

  
********

May Madness

Blood trickles down his wrinkled forehead, splashing silently against the
stone cold floor of the victims manor, like a river it squeezes through the
floors veins passing through the cracks on the old oak doors. Leaking on to
the tepid tarmac, overflowing the cracks like rainwater on crusty mud land.
Common cars drive past, spilling the blood all over the road and all over
their tires, shiny hubcaps splattered with crimson blood making constant
circles as the wheels spin. It’s not until a group of fresh faced youngsters
walk past and scream at the sight of the growing grotesque puddles of putrid
plasma, plastering the pavement outside. The street now filled with panicking
pedestrians, packing up the street, screaming, shouting, crying. Sirens ring
out, bright lights flash, screeching cars drift round corners, to everyone’s
rejoice the police have arrived.

A detective in a long black trench coat arrives at the scene, his badge tells
he’s working for the money but his heart shows he’s in it to make a
difference, to prevent deaths, assaults, rapes or any crime within his ability
to stop. His appearance arranged and abiding, his hair cool and calm but also
showing sophistication, his eyes… well his eyes tell a different story. At the
sight of blood his eyes glaze, the nightmares he so longs to forget stream
into his head, he fights them off but at the cost of bottling up his anger
causing discomfort and sorrow. His pupils flash immense to diminutive, his
heart races, rages and rapidly changes his mood. Making him anxious, eager and
excited almost, excited that he will be able to attempt to stop some joker
thinking he’s home free.

As the detective stands there in the spring sun, few green leaves fall off the
replenished trees landing in the plasma puddles. The breeze sways the oaks
limbs back and forth, creaking, cracking and snapping smaller branches,
falling softly but surely to the area of grass beneath. The sounds of the
crowds is so loud, people from further streets join like a school yard fight,
except questions fill the air not shouting, sorrow fills the air not laughter.
Remorse is felt in every face as everyone knows that they have done nothing
but gawk at the victims last location, silence falls upon the crowd as a small
group of people arrive, at the first of the woman they knew, they all knew it
was the wife of the victim.

The family run, straight into a police officer, as he ushers them back the
woman cries in his senseless face, the dark bags below his eyes tell he is
tired, tired of life, tired of people, tired of his dead end job, tired of
dealing with the dirt bags we call the community, tired of the lies spewed out
of ’Important’ peoples mouths filling simpletons minds without any regret.
However, just this once he looks deep into the ageless eyes of each family
member, he looks even deeper into the young child’s eyes, grief stricken eyes,
knowing that something has happened, something that will turn his world upside
down forever, growing up without a father. The officer looks at the woman, he
calls over to his friend he then looks at the woman, nods and guides them,
slowly and carefully around the blood. They get to the doorway, they all start
to shake, anxiety and fear grip them all, their hearts race faster and faster
with every step until everything stops as the mother looks into the lifeless
eyes of the victim. She looks at the officer and then at her family, like a
choir they break into coalescent crying, melodiously.

Pictures, text and an ID card flash up on the laptop screen, the detective
runs over, takes the information down like a class of private schooled kids
during a lecture on how to spend there rich little lives. He calls over
colleagues, has a quick, quiet team talk like an NFL huddle, ends with a
decisive shout, all sprint to there cars, he looks at all their tired faces,
tired of cleaning blood off the streets in front of irritating crowds. All
hurry, none dawdle, the crowd scatters in different directions a part from one
man, a man in a vivid white suit, like a Cheshire cat he grins with evil eyes
catching the detective focus. The man quickly lifted his arms, flicked out all
fingers and thumbs, stared straight into the detectives eyes and whispered…..
“Boom.”

The detective blinked for not even a second, but he couldn’t do anything, one
by one each of his colleagues cars explodes in an array of metal and flames
spitting shrapnel everywhere, smashing windows and even hitting unsuspecting
civilians tearing fat and flesh from exposed skin. More blood, younger blood
covers the street, body’s pile up pouring plentiful amounts of blood on road
and pavement, clogging the drains. The murderous bastard looks around at all
the blood, some splatters from a fleeing family onto his suede shoes, making
him smile even more. His giant grin reaches from ear to ear, his evil eyes
strike mine, he tries to crush the detectives soul, but the detective resists.
The murderer acknowledges his resilience, he nods his twisted head, no doubt
his disgusting face matches his revolting spirit.

Jumping into his car, he drives, not rashly but calmly to blend in with
traffic. The detective looks back at his car he is just about to chase after
him when he finds a beeping object underneath his seat, he takes one quick
look at it, face turns pale with fear, like a deer he skittishly runs from his
car. Sprinting like a madman or a victim, he jumps for cover rolling over like
a pig in mud, except his screams are not of joy but of anger and remorse.
Looks up at the flames, looks down at the blood, looks straight at the
innocent bodies. Tears roll off his cheeks and into the mud and rain, he
mumbles “Only in May.” and dunks his tired face into the mud and begins to
cry, cry for those colleagues he lost on this mad may day.

By J H P

