### The Scents of Death by Rico.Viejo

**Date Added:** 2012-06-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Fatal combination 

* * *

Elizabeth will be here momentarily. I'll be leaving when she arrives.

Is the artist evident in the portrait, there, of whom I believe to be my
grandfather? No, it's not some copyist's attempt to emulate the little genius.
Toulouse-Lautrec and my grandfather were great friends—such great friends that
one is not absolutely certain which fathered my mother. Her mother, my
grandmother, was the infamous La Goulou. That's her portrait next to his. The
original. Worth a fortune? Indeed.

Notice that Grandfather is wearing an apron. He was a chemist. Not well-paid.
He was also a very ugly man, as you can see. And from a poor family. He had
nothing that would appeal to a woman, particularly the beautiful women he
preferred. He was forced, for a time, to frequent street-walkers and the
lowest brothels. As a scientist, he was in the habit of journalling
everything, his experiments, his dalliances.

He worked for a perfumer. If he came up with a masculine scent, he would test
it on himself. You see, sometimes a scent will react with the oils in the
wearer's skin and change, even to the point of offensiveness, while being
worn. Obviously, not a scent that could be marketed.

He developed a venereal disease from one of the women he'd consorted with and
was enduring a painful cure. He took to his journal to see if he could
identify—in order, in future, to avoid—the woman, perhaps from the comments he
had written on his experiences. You raise your eyebrows: how could I know such
details? I have his journals and his formularies, you see, and he even
recorded his observations of his own observations.

He was unsuccessful in identifying the woman who'd infected him. What he did
find, however, was a series of experiences where he'd found the women
particularly receptive to him when he was wearing a particular scent. Once he
was cured, he would have to wear variations of that scent during his
entertainments.

Which he did do. He came up with a formulation that invariably led the woman
to act in an extremely affectionate, passionate and generous manner—while
exposed to the scent. A temporary love-potion! He learned to apply it once he
was alone with the woman, in order to avoid being mobbed by women when he
entered the brothel. He learned to escape from the brothel after his visit, to
avoid dealing with other women. He learned the women made no association of
him and the scent: he could choose the same woman several nights in succession
and she would be typically indifferent to him until he opened the flask and
rubbed a few drops of the cologne under his arms.

Henri was offered an experience of the cologne. He became a regular user. Also
another friend, a baker named Georges. Ggrandfather did not, of course, report
his formulation or findings to his stingy employer. He and Henri and Georges
were the only users—at that time.

I use the cologne. I have some here. Put a drop on your wrist. Pleasant isn't
it? A hint of lilac, a hint of cedar. But if you encounter a woman before it's
worn off ... Ah, but you will! The beautiful Elizabeth! Any moment now!

To continue the story, while we wait—

There was an older whore, Arielle, Grandfather liked for her novel practices.
She would complain to him that she was losing clients because of her age. She
was finding it difficult to support herself and her infirm mother. My
grandfather could not help her financially, but he could, as he was taking
leave of her, rub a few drops of his cologne on her breasts. Then, if she
happened to have another client and the gentleman absorbed some of the scent
from her and returned to the parlors, he would find himself delightfully
attractive to the women there.

My grandfather would comment in the parlors that Arielle was a sort of
talisman—have her, and other women would eagerly follow. He was going to her
now. Perhaps the gentleman would engage her later?

This helped Arielle immensely, but Grandfather felt there should be a
variation of the cologne for women. In the course of two years, he developed a
perfume. When Arielle wore it, she became the most sought-after whore in
Paris.

Despite her desirability, Grandfather was past consorting with Arielle. He had
acquired a beautiful, vapid young mistress who kept him to herself. He
supplied Arielle by courier.

The inevitable happened: Georges visited the brothel, engaged Arielle, who was
wearing Grandfather's perfume and, when alone with her, applied the cologne.
The combination was lethal—to Georges.

When Grandfather consulted with Arielle, she reported that she and Georges had
had frenzied sex—the most frenzied sex she'd experienced in her fifty-odd
years of work. That it had been delightful for her but so severe on Georges
that his heart had failed.

Henri was advised. But he had become so celebrated for his art, so attractive
on his own account, he no longer needed the cologne. As for Grandfather, from
then on he used the cologne exclusively to enjoy La Goulou's favors.

My father knew nothing of the cologne. He was an extremely handsome man. The
Renoir of the boy: you can see the striking regularity and symmetry of his
features even then. He'd no need of the cologne, even if he'd known of it. His
wife had inherited her mother's money. He had money. They helped each other
spend it. They collected the antiques we're surrounded by.

I inherited my grandfather's uglimess. And his writings! That's how I've been
able to recreate the cologne. Do you like it? Dab a little more on your wrist.

Unlike Grandfather, I've found an easy living using the cologne and perfume.
No, I don't pimp Elizabeth to Senators. We're contract killers. My wife and I.
She wears the perfume that lured you here and you are wearing the cologne.
Here she is, now. Isn't she irresistible? Goodnight.

Have fun, you two!

