### Syndicate Part 5 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2012-12-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Being a crime lord isn't easy, and neither is falling in love with him... 

* * *

** * * ***

Lia went to Kieran’s house early, since it was Saturday. She and Lilly knew
each other, but Lia was looking forward to getting better acquainted with the
young girl.

When Lia arrived, she peeked in Lilly’s room to see it the girl was awake.
Lilly opened her eyes and looked at Lia when the door opened.

“Oh, I’m sorry Miss Lilly,” Lia said.

“Lia!” Lilly sat up and smiled at her, rubbing her eyes. Lia smiled back at
her.

“Would you like to get some breakfast with me?”

“Yeah!” Lilly said, jumping out of bed. She ran over to Lia and grabbed her
hand. Lia smiled at the young girl. They ran down the hallway giggling. The
large kitchen was still empty. It was too early on a Saturday for employees to
be there yet. Lia lifted Lilly up and sat her on a counter. The young girl
beamed at Lia.

“What shall we eat?” Lia asked innocently.

“Ice cream!” Lilly answered with a yell. Lia put her finger to her lips.

“We can’t be too loud Lilly, or _they_ will catch us!”

“They?”

“Yes. The mean mansion guards. They won’t let us have yummy things for
breakfast. They’ll make us eat broccoli!”

“Yuck! Then we have to be quiet,” Lilly agreed, putting her finger to her
lips, mimicking Lia.

“Yes,” Lia whispered. “Shhh…” Lia shushed Lilly. They both listened. Footsteps
echoed in the hallway outside the kitchen. “Run Lilly! Hide under the dining
room table! I’ll come and find you! Run!” Lia whispered. Lilly ran into the
dining room.

Joe came into the kitchen.

“You’ll never take me alive!” Lia yelled at him. He stood in the doorway and
rolled his eyes.

“What are you doing in here?” Joe asked.

“Lilly and I are getting breakfast.”

“Then allow me. I’ll make eggs.”

“Fine.” Lia squinted at him. “Party pooper.”

She went out into the dining room and looked under the table. Lilly was curled
into a ball underneath.

“I got caught,” Lia said. “We have to resign ourselves to eggs.”

“What does resign mean?” Lilly asked while crawling out from under the table.
Lia explained it the best she could. They sat next to each other. Lilly sat to
the right of where Kieran usually sat, in Will’s spot. Lia sat across from
her. Joe brought them out eggs and orange juice.

“What are we going to do today?” Lilly asked, while shoveling a forkful of
eggs into her mouth.

“I was thinking we could go to the park,” Lia suggested. Lilly’s eyes lit up,
but then she immediately looked sad again. “What’s wrong Lilly?”

“I want Kieran to come with us, but he never can.” Lilly poked at her food
now, looking downcast.

“Wait here Lilly. Don’t move.”

Lia got up from the table and went to Kieran’s room. It was still early and
she was sure he was asleep. It was also a well-known fact in the house that
Kieran didn’t like being woken up before his alarm clock went off. But Lia was
determined. For Lilly’s sake _and_ Kieran’s. No one should work all the time
and have no fun. That would be a sad existence.

Lia peeked in the door. Kieran was asleep. Lia was about to leave and wait for
him to wake up, when Kieran began to move in his sleep. He also began to moan.
It sounded like he was in agony. Then he started to yell the word “no” over
and over again. He was having a nightmare. Lia ran across the room
impulsively, and sat next to him, shaking him lightly. She had no second
thought about it, until he clenched his fist and raised it to Lia. In response
she shook him harder.

“Kieran!” Lia cried. He opened his eyes, and dropped his fist immediately.
Kieran was breathing hard. He frowned at Lia, clearly upset.

But something in Lia wasn’t afraid of Kieran. Something inside of her felt an
immense sadness and destitution for him. He had lost so much in that one
night, of course he was going to have nightmares. Lia’s heart felt like it was
made of lead. And without thinking, she threw her arms around him. At first,
he froze at her touch. But after a few moments, she felt his arms around her
back. Her heart was beating so fast, she thought he would feel it for sure.

The sound of the alarm clock made Lia pull away.

“What are you doing in here?” Kieran asked.

“Lilly and I wanted to know if you would accompany us to the park,” Lia said
timidly. Kieran was silent for a few moments. Lia saw his bright eyes
gleaming, lost in his thoughts.

“When?” he asked.

“Soon. But we won’t be there for long,” Lia prodded. Kieran made eye contact
with Lia.

“Okay,” he answered. “Okay.”

“Good! I can help you get ready!” Lia jumped up and beamed at him. Kieran
laughed.

“That won’t be necessary. But I will have some breakfast. I’ll be right out.”

Lia nodded at him and hurried out of the room. When she got back, Lilly was
still picking at her breakfast. Lia concealed her excitement.

“Where were you?” Lilly asked quietly.

“I had to go to the bathroom, I’m sorry. What were we talking about? Did you
say yes to the park today?” Lia asked innocently. Lilly looked down at her
food again and shrugged.

“I guess so.”

A minute later Kieran was at the door to the dining room. Lilly hadn’t
noticed.

“I hope you don’t mind if we bring along a guest Lilly,” Lia said. Lilly
looked up at her, and Lia nodded towards Kieran. When Lilly’s eyes found
Kieran, her entire face lit up. A huge smile spread across the little girl’s
face, and she jumped out of her chair to run over to Kieran, throwing herself
in his lap. When Lia looked at Kieran’s face, her heart almost melted out of
her body. Kieran had the most beautiful, serene smile on his face that she had
ever seen on anyone. It was that moment that Lia realized that Kieran needed
Lilly just as much as Lilly needed Kieran. She had assumed that raising
another person’s child would be scary and unwelcomed by a twenty six year old
man. But, when Lia looked at Kieran’s face, she saw neither fear, nor burden
in his eyes. Kieran loved the girl.

It was enough to make Lia’s eyes water. She wiped away the tears before they
were noticeable.

** * * ***

Riley was just about to call it a day when he received a phone call from
Brennan.

“You son-of-a-bitch, you have a fucking Benedict Arnold in your ranks!”
Brennan was yelling into the phone.

“Yo! Calm down, what the hell?” Riley responded.

“Get your dumbass over here!”

“Where, the docks?”

“My place. Now.”

Riley listened to the line disconnect. He was still confused. By “his place,”
Riley knew Brennan meant for him to go to Brennan’s usual headquarters. It was
down by the docks, but in a heavily guarded warehouse.

It only took Riley fifteen minutes to arrive. When he walked in the door, he
was met with a gruesome sight. There was blood on the floor, and many of
Brennan’s men trying to either bandage their own wounds or the wounds of
another. Riley found Brennan in his office behind his desk, with one of his
men trying to put a bandage on his bleeding arm.

“What the hell?” Riley asked.

“What the hell is right, you asshole,” Brennan spat at him.

“What happened?”

“Well, Riley, you should remember from the meeting that I found a big client.”

“Yeah…”

“And we went today, to sell to that client.”

“Okay,”

“But we were ambushed on the way to the POE by the damn Westside assholes.”

“What?” He knew POE meant point of exchange, but Riley was still confused.

“Shut up and listen. We were ambushed, robbed of the goods, and sent home on
our asses because someone YOU let in is a fucking snitch, double-sided ass-
wipe, and when I get my hands on him he will wish you never hired him!”

“Wait, they took the goods?”

“Yes. And sold to the client. He called to give his damn regards! We look like
a bunch of jackasses!”

Riley ruffled his own hair in frustration.

“Shit.”

“That’s right dear friend. Great judgment, asshole.”

“Hey! Shut the hell up. How do you even know it was one of my guys?”

“Who else would it be?” Brennan yelled.

Riley actually considered the question, aside from the fact he wanted to punch
Brennan’s whiny bitch-ass in the face.

“I think we have to consider the fact this could be orchestrated by the same
person who sold out warehouse 7,” Riley said with a concentrated frown.

“Right, and my grandmother helps Santa Claus deliver presents every year.”

“Shut up Brennan!” Riley yelled. Brennan was pissing him off. “Have you called
Will and Kieran?”

“Of course.”

“Good. They’re coming?”

“Yeah.”

“At least I’ll be able to talk to a rational, intelligent person then,” Riley
said, walking out the door to Brennan’s office. He heard Brennan cursing him
out through the walls.

** * * ***

Will was fascinated. He had awoken to the sound of laughter, and found Kieran
getting ready to go out. Since Will’s bike was in the shop, and he was still
injured, he had planned on staying with Kieran for at least a week. Kieran had
insisted. And Will had stayed with Kieran for extended periods of time before.
But never had Will woken up on the weekend to find Kieran ready to go to the
park.

So now Will was sitting on a bench next to the park’s playground. Murphy and
the chauffeur were back in the car still. It was a brisk day, since it was
November after all. And Will felt dumb wearing the sling under his coat, but
his wrist was still giving him hell. His ribs weren’t being much better. Will
had to take pills to help him sleep for the past three days.

But he was fascinated watching Kieran, Lia and Lilly. Lilly was running around
the playground laughing, while Lia chased her. Kieran was sitting nearby,
looking relaxed and… happy even. Will hadn’t seen Kieran enjoying himself like
this in a long while. And Kieran was watching the two girls very fondly. Will
realized that he _had_ witnessed Kieran growing a particular tenderness in
regards to Lia. And here they all were, enjoying a day in the park- despite
the fact the skies were overcast and gray. Will shifted position on the park
bench, as dead leaves swirled around his feet in the wind. He glanced over his
shoulder when he heard someone approaching. It was Murphy.

Will noticed Murphy’s face was slightly pale and his expression was drawn. He
sighed as Murphy came hurrying up to him with a phone. There was a reason he
had left his phone in the car, however; Murphy’s expression told Will that
something seriously wrong had occurred and that he would _have_ to take this
call. Murphy held out the phone to Will, and Will took it with his available
hand.

“Yes?” Will said.

“It’s Brennan.” _It had to be Brennan to ruin the day. _“We have a problem,”
Brennan continued, jumping right into the issue. Will hated the fact he never
had a transition period to deal with these damn crises. He would be relaxed or
enjoying himself one rare moment, and the next he would be running down the
hall in his pajama pants trying to avoid a gang war or trying to get Kieran
out of harm’s way.

“Speak,” Will said, accepting his momentary hatred for life.

“There was an ambush.”

“What the hell? What’s your status?” Will had to keep himself from just
yelling “I hate you,” into the phone.

“Fairly stable. We’re at my place. Multiple injuries.”

“We’ll be there soon.” Will hung up. He watched Kieran for a few more seconds
before pushing himself off the bench. His feet felt heavy as he walked over to
Kieran.

They arrived near the docks an hour later, after dropping off Lia and Lilly at
the house. Will went first, to make sure everything was okay. Kieran and
Murphy waited in the car. When Will walked up to the door, the guards stepped
aside wordlessly to let him enter. One of them opened the door. Will noticed
the blood immediately, and heard the yells of pain from the men. He was
greeted by Riley first, with Brennan in close pursuit.

“What the hell happened?” Will asked.

“_Riley _hired a rat, sir,” Brennan responded, squinting at Riley.

“What were the events that took place Brennan? Don’t waste my time,” Will
said, thoroughly annoyed.

“We were on our way to meet a big buyer in town, when we were blocked off on
34th. Fire fight ensued, but we were beaten. They took the goods and met the
buyer. I have no idea how they knew about anything,” Riley explained. Will
thought about it. 34th street was a small block on the outskirts of town, so
it made sense to block them off there. This heist was well planned. Someone
was leaking information. Will rubbed the bridge of his nose.

“Hold on,” he told them. Will poked his head back outside and gave the signal.

“Kieran’s here?” Riley asked, recognizing the signal. Will nodded in response,
lost in thought. This was going to take a while. He took off his coat.

“Let me get that,” one of the men said to Will, taking his coat for him.

Will looked up at Riley and Brennan again. He noticed Brennan was looking him
over, staring at Will’s injuries from the crash. But Brennan said nothing
about it.

The noise level in the room dropped. Will didn’t notice it at first, but then
the sudden change grabbed his attention. More than half the men in the room
were staring at something behind Will. He turned around. Kieran had entered
with Murphy.

It was understandable to Will why many of the men were staring. Most of them
had never seen Kieran before. Most of them probably didn’t know Kieran was
handicapped. But most of all, Kieran’s presence seemed to demand attention
anywhere he went… so Will wasn’t surprised.

Riley and Brennan shook hands with Kieran, and then Will quickly told Kieran
what had happened.

“Let’s go to my office,” Brennan suggested, noticing his men were distracted
by the boss. They nodded and followed Brennan into his room. Brennan closed
the door while the other men sat down. Brennan sat behind his desk, sifting
through some papers.

“I was telling Brennan how maybe we should consider the possibility that this
was devised by the same person who sold out warehouse 7,” Riley told them.

“Seems a little far-fetched,” Brennan interjected.

“I agree with Riley,” Kieran spoke. Silence followed.

“Then we have to get to Martha Flannery immediately,” Will said.

“The people who carried this out, and the person who gave them the information
are probably two different affiliations as well,” Riley said. “A double agent
wouldn’t expose his identity to us and participate in this. You would’ve
recognized him,” Riley said to Brennan.

“Maybe… There was a lot going on.”

“Can you tell us anything? Any details about the guys who did this?” Will
asked.

“Let’s see…” Brennan said, frowning in concentration. “Some of them were
masked. But there was one guy who had a tattoo on his face!” Brennan said
loudly, the memory hitting him.

“What did it look like?”

“It was kind of swirly-looking. Looked like some weird symbol on his left
cheek.”

Will’s stomach turned. He dropped his head onto Brennan’s desk in front of
him. Murphy, Brennan and Riley looked at each other, confused. Kieran leaned
over to one side of his chair and rested his head on his hand. Will was afraid
of something like this.

“What is it?” Murphy asked softly.

“It’s Ad Hoc,” Will said. “One of the top men in Ad Hoc is named Trevor
Dodson. He has the tattoo you describe.”

“Someone tipped off another gang?” Brennan asked.

“Yes. Someone wants us to engage,” Will said wearily.

“They must’ve known we would have to engage! They’re asking for it,” Brennan
said. Will and Riley shot each other a look. Brennan was an idiot.

“It’s not them we’re worried about,” Will explained. “Think about it. _Why_
would someone want to start a gang war?”

“But what happens if we don’t retaliate?” Murphy asked. They were all silent.

“We can’t be broken that easily!” Will said, feeling the mood in the room
shift towards violence. “We’ll just be giving them what they want.”

“But they should know better than to engage us. They must think we’re weak,”
Riley said, thinking out loud.

“We’re not children! We can’t give them the reaction they want.”

“But we can’t ignore this, or we’ll be walked on.”

“You’re all correct,” Kieran said. “We have to send them a sign. We have to
send them a warning.”

** * * ***

Monica was on the phone. Dan was nearby. They were both standing on the roof
of Dan’s apartment building, and Monica was standing up against a wall to
avoid the wind, while talking to Trevor Dodson. She was surveying her nails as
she was speaking to him. Dan was standing near the edge of the building,
overlooking the lights of the city. His hands were in his pockets, and he was
trying not to listen to the ongoing conversation behind him. Dan didn’t want
to give any more information about his brother’s whereabouts, since he didn’t
want his brother to be physically hurt. Dan also didn’t know exactly where
Will was, but he did know where Brennan’s hideout was, which was where Monica
guessed he was, along with Kieran and some of the other high-standing men.

Monica was beginning to get angry at Trevor.

“You idiot! Do you have any idea how rare this opportunity is?” Monica yelled
into the phone.

“I think one act of violence is enough for one day,” Trevor responded.

“No. It won’t be enough!”

“The man leading the operation looked pretty pissed, lady. The war will
probably start tonight.”

“You are a weakling, you dumbass. If you want to win this war, which you
expressed to me as an objective, than you must listen to me. It’s no wonder
you aren’t higher in the ranks,” Monica said disdainfully.

“Shut up you bitch!” Trevor responded.

“No you shut up, you ball-less bastard. They won’t begin a war that easily. I
know them better than that. You have to do this as well. Because right now it
sounds to me like you want to start this war, but not win it… Have to be
ruthless to win.”

“You wouldn’t understand. There’s a code to these things, chick.”

“Fuck the code!” Monica yelled. “Do it. Or I’ll sell you out to your men and
your boss. What will they think about this?” She heard him sigh on the other
end of the phone line. Monica could sense he was beginning to break.

“It’s wrong, even for this business. But I have no choice I guess,” Trevor
said. Monica smiled.

“Good. Do it. I already forwarded you the address. Call me when it’s over.”

Monica hung up the phone. Dan was now smoking a cigarette, the smoke being
blown around by the wind. After he was done, they went down into his
apartment.

“What’s going to happen, Monica?” Dan asked.

“They’re going to do it.”

“Do what?”

“The shooting. It’ll start the war for sure.”

“You better watch out, girl. You’re walking a thin line. You might end up
completely destroying the empire you want to take over.”

“It won’t be much, Dan. Just a little sign to the leaders.”

“And Will? He’s there?” Dan asked with a frown. Monica had been looking at
herself in the mirror. She turned to face her lover.

“He won’t be harmed,” she said aggressively, trying to reassure Dan. It didn’t
work.

“You can’t guarantee that! You have no control over them. I can’t let this
happen to him, he’s still my brother!” Dan said, grabbing his coat and heading
for the door.

“Dan, stop!” Monica yelled, running over to grab his arm. He shrugged her off.

“If you do this, I’ll have to take measures you won’t like,” Monica said
sinisterly.

“Like what?” Dan said, finally stopping. Her tone had hooked his interest.

“You might give away my position by warning them. I’ll have to take measures
accordingly. I might have to do something to your brother.”

“Don’t you dare!” Dan snarled, turning around and grabbing her shoulders. She
was taken by surprise as he pushed her against a wall.

“Get off of me!” Monica yelled.

“Don’t hurt him.”

“Then don’t do anything stupid.” There was silence in the room for a long
while. Dan was thinking things over.

“Fine,” he said eventually. “But I’m going to watch. I have to make sure he’s
okay.”

“And if he’s injured?”

“If he lives, I’ll stay in the shadows. No one will ever know.”

“It’s risky, Dan.” Monica still didn’t like his plan.

“But I have to go. I just have to make sure.” The resolve in his eyes told
Monica she was unable to stop him.

“If you do anything to jeopardize my mission…” She didn’t even have to finish
her sentence. Dan pushed his lips against hers, still pinning her to the wall.
Then he was gone. Monica still had hers eyes closed from the kiss. It had made
her hot. She walked over and reapplied her lipstick, realizing it would really
suck if she had to punish Will. Monica had actually grown fond of Dan Reedus.

** * * ***

