### The Mayor by Lemby

**Date Added:** 2012-12-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The story of a man who tried to end crime. 

* * *

# The Mayor

He kicked, nothing happened. He tried to scream but the water just rushed down
his throat. He could feel the concrete on his legs pulling him down to the
bottom. He could feel death closing in, and like a marksman, death never
misses. And all of a sudden he felt calm. He had always worried about how he
would die and now he knew, he was going to drown in his own swimming pool. His
tie floated up above his head. He realised there were red stains on it, he
looked down at his chest, his eyes burning from the chlorine, and he tried to
scream again, he was bleeding, they weren’t complacent with just drowning him
they had stabbed him too. He didn’t blame them, he had cheated death many
times of late, but he had just always assumed that fate had other plans for
him. He tried to think back, back to how this had started, but all he could
remember was stepping out of his Rolls Royce on to Miami Beach. He had gone to
give a speech. He could remember some of the words he said, something about
being re-elected. It didn’t matter. He was a fool. He thought he could clean
up Miami, and now he was dying for it. His eyes closed. He heard voices
calling for him in the distance. He felt himself rising upwards as if he was
flying, he could feel himself free from limitations. And then he saw the most
beautiful sight he had ever seen. A light, so bright it blinded him, bathed a
beautiful landscape. He looked down, men in suits were carrying him, and
somebody was shouting orders into a mobile phone. His eyes closed. When they
opened again he was in the back of a van of sorts he could here sirens. He
looked to his left and saw a doctor holding him steady, to his right he saw
his wife holding his hand. He looked at her and smiled. After what seemed like
an eternity he arrived in hospital. He was in a private room with an armed
guard outside. His bed was large enough to fit three other patients, but he
didn’t care he just wanted safety, he just wanted to live. He vowed then that
he would give up the office of Mayor, he did not want it anymore, and he would
just leave. Maybe he would start a family. He drifted to sleep with warm
thoughts in his mind. It was 3:41 AM when he felt the cool metal on his mouth.
He opened his eyes and screamed. He screamed for the guard outside, only to
realise that it was the guard who had the gun. And then it dawned upon him. He
was going to die. The guard told him to open his mouth so it would be quick.
He did as he was told and felt the gun rest on his teeth. The last thing he
saw the wrong end of a Berretta’s sights.

