### Rain by mchristani

**Date Added:** 2012-12-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The crime's done, now the fallout... 

* * *

  

"If I see him I'm blowing his kneecaps off."

"I understand."

"No, you don’t. I want him more afraid of us than the cops."

"Yes," said Al.

The two men talked from under the cover of an awning in the driving rain. It
was night and

headlights passed both ways, but not many. Inside the lounge, people laughed
and talked loudly. The

two men spoke quietly.

"We should go in," said Al.

"Not yet."

"Come on, Louis. He won't talk, he’s harmless. You're getting yourself all wet
for nothing. Come

on, I’ll buy you a beer.”

"In a minute. If he shows he's backing out."

"Did he say that?"

“No. But he implied it. He says he's nervous."

"You'll make yourself sick in this weather."

Louis sighed. "Alright. One beer."

"Good. Come on."

The two men went into the dimly lit bar. The tables glowed with red glass
candles, and the light

over the bar and the dance floor stood out from the gloom. The dance floor in
back was bright in

the smoky gloom.

They sat at the bar. "Two Bud bottles," said Al. The bartender went to get the
drinks.

"How about two glasses, Joe." said Al. The glasses were placed before them.

"Come on, Louis," said Al. "Celebrate a little. Indulge me." Louis wearily
tapped his glass to Al's.

"He made us money, right?" said Al, "One little lie."

"Yeah. A little lie."

"He gave us an alibi, Louis, stone cold," Al whispered in Louis' ear. "We're
safe. He's implicated

in it now anyway."

"No." said Louis, aloud, but softly. "He'd make a deal.”

“No. I don’t think so. No.” said Al. Louis didn't believe Al took this
seriously at all, and really, Al

had merely planned the robbery. Blueprints, timing and such. Come to think of
it, he really didn't

have much to lose either. Great. Two potential rats and me in the middle. Two
rats like clothespins

hanging me out to dry. "Hey, are you alright?" asked Al, "You look a little
tense. Finish that, I'll buy you

another."

"Yeah, I could use another." said Louis, "I'm going to the can,"

"Ok," said Al.

Louis made his way to the grungy bathroom. The sight and smell of it made him
sick. He looked

into the metal mirror. I do look tense, he thought. He splashed cold water on
his face, his hair getting a

little wet. That made him look worse, like he was sweating. He took a leak and
dried his hair with

paper towel. He looked again at the man in the mirror, trying to look calm. He
was not calm. Two

pigeons at the slightest pressure and he'd do ten years. The hell with this
shit. He felt like punching

something. Damn it, damn it! He even entertained the crazy notion of giving
the stuff back. No, he

thought- He'd bury it. Tomorrow morning. No- tonight. He'd get a shovel and
flashlight and bury it

tonight. No evidence, no crime, right? He clenched his fist tight and punched
the ceramic tile hard. It

cracked. It felt good, the quick pain. He sighed. Al was not serious, it was a
game to him, and so a danger

to me, he thought. Friday at the exchange. He smoothed back his hair and
walked into the noisy lounge.

"Hey," he said to Al, "I'm going to go. I’ll see you Friday, right?”

"Hold on a minute, I'll drive you."

"I'll walk."

"In this rain? Hold on a sec and I'll give you a ride."

"No." said Louis. "I don’t want a ride."

He went out the door. Al chugged down his beer and followed him out. Louis was
a short

distance away in the downpour. "Hey!" Al shouted. "Are you crazy?" Louis kept
walking, his back

hunched up. Al started his car and drove up beside Louis, who was dripping
wet. "Get in," said Al. "You'll

get soaked," Louis smiled in a way that made Al nervous.

"I can't get any more wet, can I?"

"For god’s sake, Louis," said Al. "Get in. Come on."

"Alright." He went around the car and got in, dripping. The car started
forward again.

"God, what are you thinking?"

(I am thinking I am the cheese between two rats on a raft.) "I just needed
some time to myself,"

he said.

"Come to any conclusions?" asked Al.

(I think you're a rat fink fuck)"I think one should not take vital matters
lightly. Anyway, you could

hydroplane in this weather. Slow down a little." He noticed Al had his seat
belt on.

"Alright. So he’s a fink?” Al said, easing on the brake.

“You agree?” asked Louis.

“Yeah. You can always tell when someone’s got too much weight on them, when
they'll break.”

“Yes. Yes. Then you think we should take care of him?”

“I do,” said Al, turning to Louis. ”Is the stuff still where we left it?”

“Yes.” said Louis. He felt a great relief and stared out at the beaded water
streaming across the

windshield, the wipers sweeping rapidly, mechanically over the glass passing
under the streetlights. It

was hypnotizing. Al checked the driver’s side airbag light. A large tree stood
a little way off to the right.

“Yes,” said Al, “We’ll take care of it. No worries.” He grabbed the wheel
tight and wrenched the

car hard, the passenger side kicking out, and steering into the skid the
passenger side slammed into the

tree. It was a loud wrenching crash and glass shattering and he was swallowed
in the booming airbag.

Once more alert he cut it open with a knife from his pocket and looked around,
dazed. Louis was

mangled and his blood was everywhere. Al stumbled into the street and threw
up. He then got back in

the car and collapsed into his seat, the door hanging open. He thought he
heard sirens in the far

distance, nearing. A sense of fatality came over him and he closed his eyes.
Fuck this shit, he thought.

Fuck this...everything. Then this thought passed over him like a vaporous
cloud and he saw the gems

and gold in his mind, and felt surely, everything happens for a reason. He
smiled, and lay back in the

seat, waiting for the sirens, ever nearer..."I thought I saw a dog" over, and
over, in his head. "My

friend?", he thought, "And my friend?" Bravo. The rain rolled down his cheeks,
and he closed his eyes

and nodded. "Yes."

