### Sunset by DVDNair

**Date Added:** 2012-12-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

_**SUNSET**_

No!!! He felt sick to his stomach. What had happened was just… It shouldn’t
have happened. His mind whirling, he had to cling to the wall as a wave of old
memories swept through him, threatening to knock him off his feet. * He was
only a boy of twelve then. After school, he had walked home, eager to see his
mother the person who’d loved and cared for him after his father’s death a
year before. At home, once he had hugged his mother, he turned to see the
newcomer. It was a Man. He had seen him before but not very often. With his
tiny goatee and wire brush moustache, his face looked quite pleasant. The
bulging arms sprouting from his shoulders and very clearly seen due to his
sleeveless shirt said otherwise. Those enormous hands and the massive body of
an ex-weight lifter would scare any kid. But the biggest fright came when he
reached out to shake the Man’s hand. Feeling something sharp and cold on the
Man’s hand, he looked down and saw a ring. It was exactly like the one Mother
wore. He knew too well what that meant. With a loud cry of, “No!!!!” he
wrenched his hands from the Man’s grasp and ran for his bedroom. * The ringing
in his ears was like a waterfall. Moving to the side, he peered out into the
living room. The windows were shut and all was quiet. He turned back to the
kitchen. There was so much blood. * “Mummy please……” His mother could only
watch with tear-filled eyes as the belt came down hard for the tenth time that
night. She herself had sustained several vicious cuts on her cheek after
fighting for her son. He had had to stop school temporarily because that
punishment had got him to the hospital. Mother had nearly been strangled for
doing that. He told her not to get herself hurt. He didn’t want the Man to
hurt Mother. As he watched the Man glare at him with his cruel black eyes, he
asked himself for the hundredth time. Why? What did I do wrong?? All I asked
for was a little more food because I was hungry. Is that wrong? * He couldn’t
help it. Staggering to the sink, he threw up whatever he had had for
breakfast. The sight of blood had always made him sick ever since the first
beating came when the Man had stayed but a year as their new family member.
Just the thought of Him made him throw up again. Sunlight streamed through the
blinds giving a little bit of light in the old kitchen. He glanced at the
clock. It was almost evening. Night was coming.

* He had always been afraid of the dark, which was why he slept with his mother on nights that he was especially afraid. When He came, it had to stop. He had cried and cried outside his mother’s bedroom because he kept seeing the shadows. The Man had come out and grabbed him by the scruff of the neck. He had been dragged to the attic which was the most terrifying place in the house. The Man had just thrown him into the room and locked the door behind him, leaving him all alone…with the shadows. The next beating came three days after. He had begged and begged and pleaded but to no avail. Those eyes never wavered. Never showed any pity. * That’s why he couldn’t show any pity too. He had had enough. It was just too much. One after the other. The pool of blood on the floor had started to spread. Like water. Weird, the saying, ‘Blood is thicker than water’. It did seem rather concentrated but this flowed almost as easily as water did. It reminded him of tears. * Tears had become a constant companion. Mother was too afraid of His hand and His cane to do anything but comfort him after any beating. He had stopped relying on her though he still loved his mother very much. It wasn’t her fault. It wasn’t her fault that she’d married a jerk. Not jerk. A DEVIL. Soon, the tears had left him forever. They never made an appearance again. After four years, there just weren’t any left. No emotion any more either. Only love for his mother and HATE for that Man. After He chased away his last girlfriend with a rock, his hate for Him had continued growing. He didn’t even have a chance to further his studies. He had to work for that Man at his workshop. Only five to ten dollars a fortnight was his meager salary. So he began to save. Like mad. He HAD to get Mother out of the hellhole they were in. He couldn’t leave her behind. The enormous jar started getting heavier and heavier. The day was coming. Any time now. * The knife was lying on the floor, covered in blood. He felt disgusted and sick. Hate can drive you to many things. People can push you around and hurt you but sometimes, if they weren’t careful, they might push too far. * It had been a hot summer day. He had come back home, tired from work when he heard raised voices in the house. Dashing in, he’d stopped short, seeing the enormous jar filled with money that he’d kept hidden under his bed. “And there’s the main culprit,” He had said with a sneer. His mother was nowhere in sight. “Thief,” He had hissed. “That’s the money you gave me!!” he had shouted, too angry to remain polite. “You stole it. Trying to escape from me, aren’t you? You and that spineless mother of yours.” “Well, you married her!!” “When her stupid husband died, he left her a fortune. Why else would I marry someone like _her_??” “You’re the spineless one!!! Where is she?!!!” “Right where she’s supposed to be,” He grinned evilly, the gaps in his teeth more prominent than ever, not betraying anything but looking exceedingly proud of Himself. He had run upstairs, his heart in his mouth, all sorts of terrible thought crossing his mind. Bursting into his mother’s bedroom, he stopped short and stared in horror. His mind went foggy as he saw the lifeless body of the only person who’d ever shown love to him spread eagled on the floor. Dead. The pool of blood seemed like an ocean, never ending. Her eyes were open and staring at him. The world suddenly seemed to go red. That Man had pushed him too far. Hearing a sound behind him, he spun. He was just in time to see the knife. * He stared down at the body. At the moment, there was no emotion in him. There was blood on his clothes and on his body where his wounds were bleeding. But they weren’t very deep and would heal soon. He was used to cuts much deeper than what he’d received an hour ago. His eyes were drawn to the stab wound. It just caught him, reminding him of everything that had happened. The hell he had been through. The hell he was going through. He heard shouts from outside. The neighbours had probably heard the shouting and the sudden silence. That did not bother him. The tears finally began to fall, after four long years. His mother was dead. He was now truly alone. The anger was gone, replaced with remorse and disgust. Even though He was dead, he looked much more peaceful than Mother did. That made him feel even worse. Looking out of the window, he saw that sunset was coming. He had to get away. It wouldn’t do to stay. But he had to wait for after sunset. So many evenings, he’d lain on his bed, watching the sunset from his bedroom window. It was the most beautiful thing he’d ever witnessed. As if it was cleansing his heart and mind and soul from the foul things happening around him. But it was also a sign that the light was going away. With its leave came the Darkness. Now, he wasn’t afraid. From that day on, Darkness had to be his friend. Without that, he was a goner. Peering through the blinds, he watched the sunset. Two minutes left. Turning away from the window, he washed his hands in the vomit-filled sink. His life was over. Just like that. But he could change that. He had no life here so he had to get away. When he was done washing his hands, he stared at the calluses on them, a sinking feeling in his stomach. No matter what new life he had, he could never escape from the truth of what he was. What an accident had made him into. A split second impulse. There was no denying it now. He was a murderer. Glancing out of the window, he saw that the sun had set. It was time. Opening the door, he glanced back at the man he’d killed, knowing that the image of the body as well as his mother’s dead body would never leave him. Shutting the door behind him, he turned. It was dark. No one was around. He ran. 

