### That Dame Part 1 by Star Rose

**Date Added:** 2013-01-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** It is the 1920s and James Frank needs to solve a crime and the beautiful Ms. Jane becomes an asset 

* * *

It was late evening and the rain was coming down heavy. There was a slight
leak in the room and the occasional drip splashed into the bucket. A knock at
my door. I stubbed out my cigarette and put down the file.

“Come in.” I said, blowing out my final breath of smoke.

My secretary came in, her brown hair piled high, pearls swinging, and her
skirt and blouse were neatly pressed. Her red lips were pursed in slight
annoyance.

“Ms Jane is here to see you sir.” Said Rebecca (Becky for short).

I clued onto her annoyance and nodded slightly. Becky left the room and in
walked Ms Jane.

She was tall in her black stilettos which were slightly hidden by her long
black fur coat. She removed her head scarf and red hair cascaded down her
back. Her real diamond necklace glinted in my yellow lamp light and her green
eyes held intelligence.

“I heard you were the best Mr Frank.” She stated, extending her gloved hand.

“Please call me James.” I replied, taking her hand and giving it a greeting
peck.

“James then.” She stated coolly and my heart skipped a beat.

“My husband has been missing for about a week now and the police refuse to
continue their investigation. I hope that you can find some answers for me.”
She seemed to purr in that sultry voice of hers.

I regained my composure and refused to let this glam puss fool me. It could
have easily been her that did it; it usually was. She even looked the type:
spoilt, rich, above everyone else, fur coats. She was just a walking cliché
who probably offed her husband for his millions and then tried to cover her
tracks by hiring a private investigator to make it seem like she was serious
about finding the perp and then seduce the private eye into keeping quiet.
Yeah, I have heard it all before and I wasn’t buying Wall Street today thank
you.

She tossed a manila folder onto my desk. This was new.

“I have included photographs of him and the places he usually goes to.
Sometimes he hangs out with the boys in the Black Cat but he went to Blue
Diamond Bar last Thursday night and left at 10:03pm, alone. He was not seen
since.” She stated.

Suspicion replaced my surprise. She was trying to throw me off the scent. This
was the most thorough job any one has ever done. I flicked through the file
and saw that the photographs were real police taken ones. I looked at her
sitting across my desk.

She leaned forward a little.

“I know you don’t believe me James and I know you think it was me. I can
assure you that it wasn’t. The crooks at the station, the officers I mean..”
She laughed a little. “Well, what is the difference when it comes to crooks
and crims these days? Anyway, they undressed me with their eyes and leered at
me. So, I flirted a little bit and swiped the folder from the pig’s desk.”

She looked pleased with herself and I smiled, shaking my head.

“You really are something else Ms Jane.” I said. “I will take on your case but
I will need a solid alibi for you, just to be thorough.”

“Of course.” She said without hesitation. She got up and put her fur coat back
on and I opened the door for her.

“I will be in touch.” I said with a slight bow.

She gave me a brief smile and was soon gone, her expensive perfume lingering
in my office.

