### Speechless by Rico.Viejo

**Date Added:** 2013-01-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A graduate student who, with the help of a hacker-boyfriend, looks into a municipal system for evidence of corruption finds new evidence for the unsolved crime that drove her family from that city years ago. She phishes herself an internship in the mayor's office and takes on city hall. 

* * *

The committee who designed City Hall a hundred and fifty years earlier had
decided a "medieval fortress" would be in nice contrast to the Greek Revival
that prevailed. High in the building, with tall, narrow windows that
overlooked the city, was the mayor's office. If not secure enough by its
remote location, it was further secured by imposing an outer office between
the mayor's office and the public hallways, and, in that office, installing
administrators to interfere with visitors' access to the mayor. And, as a
final measure, the current mayor had established a policy that the door from
the outer office to the hallway would be locked at all times. People could
leave the offices unimpeded, but, to enter, they had to knock on the door and
be admitted, admitted by someone who had, perhaps, just put away a book or a
sudoku puzzle or a cigarette, or had switched from a computer game to a work-
like program, or had put their disarrayed clothes back in order. The mayor,
his senior administrator, and the Captain of the Guard were the only people
entrusted with a key.

  

  

And there were body scanners and guards checking people's bags and briefcases,
at the entrances, as they went in and out of the "fortress."

  

  

The mayor's senior administrator, Hazel, had made coffee and had gone back to
her cup after admitting her junior, Marie.

  

  

"He in yet?"

  

"That'd be an event!"

  

"Coffee?"

  

"Got enough. He left us a note."

  

"How nice. What now?"

  

"We're getting an intern. To fill in while Ethel's out."

  

"Oh, joy! When?"

  

"Any minute, now."

  

  

There was a light tapping on the pebble-glass panel of the door to the
hallway. Marie set down her cup, went to the door, and opened it to a
prettyish girl: blond pageboy bob; shiny black shoes; black hose; a short,
pleated, Black Watch skirt; and a beige crew-neck and cardigan combo.

  

"The mayor's office is always locked," Marie explained. "Everything is always
locked."

  

"You must be Nora," Hazel said to the girl.

  

"Erm," said Nora, nodding.

  

"You can have the desk over there," Hazel said, pointing at Ethel's desk.

  

"Ah," said Nora. Nora straightened her shoulders, as if with resolve, walked
to her new desk, put down her large black Coach bag, and came back.

  

"So, Nora. Welcome to Mayor Bradley's office. I'm Hazel and this is Marie.
We're to find something for you to do."

  

Norah nodded.

  

"So what can you do?"

  

Norah waved her hands around.

  

"So what's your experience?"

  

Nora looked confused.

  

"Can you talk?"

  

Nora shook her head.

  

"Hire the handicapped," Marie said to Hazel. "The expensively dressed
handicapped."

  

Marie went to her desk, unlocked it, opened the file drawer, and pulled out a
yellow form. She handed it to Nora, saying, "Have you filled out one of these
yet?"

  

Nora looked at the form and shook her head.

  

"Fill it out," said Marie pointing at Ethel's/Nora's desk.

  

  

Nora went to her desk, picked up her bag to get it out of the way, closely
inspected the top of the desk, then got a rag and a bottle of Lemon Pledge
from her tote. As unbelieving Hazel and Marie watched, speechless, Nora
briskly polished the top of the desk.

  

"How'd she get that past Security?" Marie asked Hazel.

  

Nora put the rag and polish back in the bag, rattled the locked desk drawer,
pulled a little golf-score pencil from somewhere, sat down, and, with the
pencil in her fist, point down like a phonograph needle, attacked the form.
She put the pencil away in her bag, and looked blankly at Hazel and Marie.

  

"The form," said Marie. "Let's see it."

  

Nora brought the form to Marie and stood waiting, looking at them shyly,
finger on her lower lip.

  

"Hazel?" said Marie. "You've got to see this." Hazel walked over.

  

  

In crude block-printed letters an inch high, Nora had written at "Name:" NORA.
At "Education:" POLI SCI CHI. At "Work Experience:" OFFICE ASST. At
"Interests:" CORRUPTION.

  

"Corruption?" sniffed Marie. "No shortage of that, here." They inspected Nora.

  

"Your necklace," Hazel said. "Is that 'PBK'... is that a Phi Beta Kappa key?"

  

Nora nodded, smiling.

  

"You got that and you can only print?" said Marie.

  

Nora wiggled her fingers.

  

Marie walked over to Nora's desk, motioning Nora to follow, sat down, unlocked
and turned on the computer, tapped her fingers on the desktop, typed a few
characters, tapped her fingers on the desktop, then did some mouse-clicking.
"Nora," Marie said, "Proof this. It's His Honor's next speech."

  

Nora sat down in Marie's place and glanced at the screen.

  

Nora pointed at a misspelled word.

  

Marie looked and nodded and said, "And any others."

  

Nora's fingers flew.

  

"Control-P to print it local," said Marie.

  

Ten pages eventually chugged out of the machine near Hazel's desk. Hazel read
each page as it came out. "Very nice, Nora," Hazel said. To Marie, she said,
"This speech gets off to a really good start."

  

"Lemme see," said Marie. Hazel passed her the printout. Angry Marie said,
"She's rewritten it!" Marie turned to her computer and started to type and
work the mouse.

  

"What are you doing?" said Hazel.

  

"Backing out her changes," said Marie. "Harry won't like them."

  

"Oh, it's 'Harry', now?" said Hazel.

  

"So what if it is?" said Marie.

  

Hazel shook her head.

  

  

"Nora, dear? Can you file?" said Hazel.

  

Nora nodded.

  

Hazel got a key, tagged "File Room", from her desk, walked to the door to the
files, and unlocked it.

  

"Shut your computer completely off," Hazel said, over her shoulder.

  

Nora joined Hazel in the room, to see Hazel working combination padlocks and
taking locking bars off the oak file cabinets.

  

Hazel indicated the half-full "To Be Filed" bin. "Lock up the cabinets when
you're done," Hazel said. "All the locks are the same." Nora picked a large
piece of lint off Hazel's sleeve. Hazel left the room, closing the door behind
her, leaving Nora to figure out their system. The large key tag swung under
the key in the outer doorknob.

  

  

There was the sound of a key in the hallway door, the door flew open, and the
mayor rushed in and past the girls, saying, "Hello, hello, hello!" He went
into his office, closed the door, a moment later opened it, and rushed out,
saying, "Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye!"

  

"He's got a date," said Marie, sadly.

  

"Condoms in his desk drawer," agreed Hazel.

  

The phones started ringing. Hazel and Marie got to work.

  

  

At lunchtime, Marie opened the door to the files room to see Nora on her knees
next to an open bottom file drawer. She was reading pages in a folder.

  

Marie said, "You're not to read them. You just have to put them away."

  

Nora handed Marie the folder and pointed at the tab, then pointed at a drawer
two drawers up.

  

"Guess somebody misfiled it," said Marie.

  

Nora gave Marie a pleading look.

  

"Yes," said Nora, "you can straighten out the files. Keep you busy."

  

"Lunch!" Hazel called.

  

"We're going to lunch. Come with us?"

  

Nora shook her head and mimed reading a book.

  

"Bring you something?"

  

Nora pulled her skirt up at one side. Tucked into the top of her thigh-high
stocking were a three-by-five card and one of her little pencils. Marie
scowled. Nora put the card on top of a file cabinet, scrawled on it, and
showed it to Marie.

  

"Tuna wrap?"

  

Nora nodded.

  

"Drink?"

  

Nora turned the card over and wrote. Marie looked at the card, snatched it
away from Nora, and said, "Snapple Green Tea?"

  

Nora nodded.

  

"Remember, if you leave the office, you'll have to wait for us to get back to
let you in. Hazel's got the key. Guess you could ask a guard."

  

Nora nodded.

  

Marie left Nora in the files room. To Hazel, she said, "She's not coming with
us." She waved the card. "Her lunch order. It's got Ethel's passwords on it!
Hope to hell she didn't see them!"

  

After they left, Nora got on to her computer and started to explore. When she
heard Hazel's key in the door, Nora hit the switch on the power strip with her
toe and ducked back into the files room.

  

  

At two o'clock, the mayor strutted into the office, smiled, and looked around.
"The intern show up?"

  

Hazel and Marie looked at each other. "Uh, she's filing," said Marie.

  

"Well, find her and send her to my office. Want to meet her," said the mayor.

  

"She's... uh," said Hazel.

  

"What?" said the mayor.

  

"You'll find out," said Marie, smirking.

  

  

Nora stepped into the mayor's office. His eyes lit up; he stood at his desk,
big smile, his hand out to her. Nora approached his desk, looked down at it
with an expression of horror, fled the office, and, moments later, returned
with the rag and polish. She set them down on the desk. She picked up an
ashtray and handed it to the mayor, then took his sleeve and pulled him away
from the desk to a leather club chair. She pushed at his chest, to get him to
sit, which he did.

  

"Do you not talk?" he said.

  

She shook her head, then started opening the drawers to his desk. She came to
him with a pack of cigarettes she'd found, put a cigarette between her lips,
lit it, took a drag, then moved it to his lips. As the stunned mayor took the
cigarette in his fingers and inhaled, Nora attacked the top of the desk with
her rag.

  

"We have cleaning people to do that, Nora," the mayor said.

  

She pointed at the desk and shook her head.

  

"No, I guess we don't," said the mayor.

  

Before she was done with him, she'd shined his shoes with shoe polish she'd
found in the bottom drawer of his desk.

  

  

Nora left without giving the mayor a chance to introduce himself.

  

"Okay," he said to himself, "write that chickie off."

  

Back at his desk, he buzzed Marie. "How's my speech coming?"

  

Happy Marie brought in a printout, put it in front of him on his desk, and
leaned behind him, her cheek next to his, so she could read it with him.

  

"The beginning?" he said, frowning. "Dull?"

  

"It's fine," said Marie. "You're a good writer."

  

  

When Marie came out of the mayor's office, adjusting her sweater, she saw Nora
at the copy machine. She rushed over, crying, "What are you doing?" Nora
showed her: on the platen was a folded magazine, in the output tray was a
piece of paper. Marie read. "A recipe for squash soup?" Nora nodded and put
her finger above the COPY button. "No, that's okay. Why not just tear out the
page?" Nora showed her the "Library Copy" stamp on the cover.

  

  

"Look," said Marie. "Every copy has to be logged. I'll do it for you." She
pulled up the clipboard hanging from a string by the machine. She used the
velcro'd pen to write, "1, Nora, Personal, Magazine recipe." "See this
counter?" she said to Nora. "Don't ever reset it. We record weekly use. Hazel
or I reset it. Not you."

  

Nora picked one of the mayor's grey hairs off the shoulder of Marie's sweater
and handed it to her. She untwisted one of Marie's bra straps, through her
sweater. Nora found another hair before Marie frantically batted Nora's hands
away from her.

  

  

At two twenty-five, Nora walked up to Hazel and put a note on her desk. As
Nora walked out of the office, Marie said, "Wazzat?"

  

"I think it says therapy and 75 minutes."

  

"This is ridiculous, these notes of hers," said Marie. "We've got to get her
access so we can exchange eMails. Just us three. I'll call down to Systems."

  

Hazel nodded.

  

"How can she talk to a shrink—and she really needs to—if she can't talk?" said
Marie.

  

  

When Nora returned and was let in, Hazel was scrabbling around her desk. Hazel
looked up at Nora and said, "My keys. I've lost my keys."

  

Nora stepped back, looked down, moved forward, bent from her waist, knees
straight, and reached her fingers to the floor next to the railing and under
it.

  

"You shouldn't lean over like that in a short skirt," Marie commented, as Nora
handed Hazel her keys.

  

"Ballet lessons?" said Hazel, putting her keys in her bag.

  

Nora nodded.

  

"Beautiful, slim legs," Hazel commented to Marie.

  

Marie didn't reply.

  

  

A tall, thin young man was admitted to the office.

  

"Where?" he said.

  

Marie pointed at Nora's empty desk. He went over, sat down, and tried to start
her computer. He found the power strip and switched it on. "You shouldn't shut
down a computer this way," he said.

  

"Tell, Nora," Marie said, Nora at her side.

  

"You shouldn't shut down the computer with the power strip."

  

Nora shook her head.

  

"She's a mute," Marie said. "Can't talk."

  

"I'm Andy, Nora." He reached his hand out to her, which she politely shook.

  

"Resident nerd," said Marie.

  

"Systems programmer," said Andy.

  

Nora pulled her guest chair over and sat down next to Andy, giving him a big
smile.

  

"Send and receive eMails between her and Hazel and me, only. No Internet,"
said Marie.

  

"The security in this office!" said Andy. "This is the only occupied office in
the building that's always locked. Even the Chief of Police's office is
accessible."

  

Andy worked away at the computer while Nora sat quietly next to it and
watched.

  

"Case you need anything, I've added myself: 'AndyJ'. You're 'Doll' and your
password is 'Bonner', cute? Like the girl detective? I see a Rex Stout book,
there."

  

Nora gave him a huge smile and nodded her head. She reached for his left hand
and twisted his ring so the beaver was up. She nodded approvingly.

  

"Can you believe it?" said Marie to Hazel. "She's flirting with that goof!"

  

  

Nora took the keyboard and mouse and started Mail. She put in "AndyJ" then, at
the heading, "Thank you." In the message area, she typed, "Thank you, Andy."
Then she gestured at the screen, pointing at what she'd typed and spreading
her thumb and forefinger vertically apart.

  

"Bigger font?" he said.

  

Nora nodded vigorously.

  

"I may have to hack the application to do that."

  

Nora nodded slowly, looking at him expectantly.

  

"Don't watch," he said.

  

Nora shook her head, then watched intently.

  

  

"96-point okay?"

  

Nora nodded vigorously. She took the keyboard, started a message to Andy, and
typed a huge, "Fantastic!" and clicked Send. Andy's iPhone beeped. He looked
at his phone, at smiling Nora, and said, "Works. Let me hear from you."

  

Nora nodded and touched his hand again.

  

The shaken, smiling Andy reluctantly left the office.

  

Hazel said, "He's not that accommodating to us."

  

Marie said, "What's she doing now?"

  

"Shining her shoes? Have you been in the files room? It reeks of Pledge."

  

  

The next day, returning to his office, the mayor saw Nora at her desk looking
at the computer monitor.

  

"What's she doing?" he asked Marie, concerned.

  

"We think she's sending a love note to Andy, in Systems."

  

"As long as that's all she's doing," said the mayor. "You've restricted her
access?"

  

  

Alone in the office, at lunchtime the next day, Nora got up, left, went to the
Ladies room, returned, and let herself back in, using her duplicate of Hazel's
key.

  

  

"I don't think you should visit me here, Louie," the mayor said to the dapper,
silk-suited thug.

  

"Why not? Campaign contributor! Want to talk to you about an opportunity. Big!
You won't have to worry about being re-elected," said Louie.

  

Nora opened the door to the mayor's office and looked in.

  

"Oh, Nora," the mayor said. "Later. Busy."

  

Nora shook her head and came in. She had her rag and polish in her hands.

  

"Oh, oh," said the mayor.

  

"What's this?" said Louie.

  

"Our new girl, an intern, here as a favor to a senator. She cleans," said the
mayor.

  

Nora got down on her knees, showing some thigh in the process, and started
polishing the front of the credenza.

  

"Weird," said Louie.

  

"She'll probably want to shine your shoes before she goes."

  

Louie shook his head.

  

  

"Listen," Louie said to the mayor, "this is my idea." He outlined his
defective-parking-meters scheme to the mayor, as Nora polished the furniture,
a few feet away.

  

Silent, smiling, nodding, pretty Nora left them after making the credenza and
their shoes gleam.

  

Louie had fingered the shoulder of her sweater.

  

"I think her sweaters are pure cashmere. She rich?" said Louie.

  

"Probably," said the mayor.

  

"Then why work?"

  

"Something to do?"

  

"Pretty girl. She can shine my shoes any time. Like that she keeps her mouth
shut."

  

  

A week later, an overambitious developer who'd purchased an abandoned
industrial site he could find no good use for, and couldn't resell without a
huge loss, was appealing to the mayor. "Waterfront, swampy, rats. I tell you,
Harry, if this project is blocked... There are citizen's groups forming... A
bunch of anti-dump people rallying against me is the last thing I need."

  

"I'll take care of it. I'll push it through. We'll say it's strictly for
demolition-waste recycling."

  

  

Nora walked in with rag and polish.

  

"Ignore her," said the mayor. "Have to get the lock fixed on that door."

  

"Pretty girl."

  

"Bit of a nut case."

  

  

The mayor and the developer argued about what approach to take, to deceive the
public, while Nora polished his lawyer's bookcases.

  

"Don't know how to thank you, Harry."

  

"You know how to thank me. You better damn well know how to thank me."

  

  

"How do you get a Phi Beta Kappa key if you can't talk?" Hazel said to Marie.
"How do you get these stupid don't-expect-me-to-work guys around here to wait
on you like you're a princess?"

  

"On your back?" suggested Marie.

  

"Or maybe you're just nice to them, smile at them a lot?" suggested Hazel.

  

  

Marie and Hazel were at lunch; Nora was working on a Dannon Yogurt and was
selecting recipes to copy from the magazines she'd brought. There was loud
knocking on the door. "Supplies!" When Nora opened the door, a young man
backed in, pulling a loaded hand-truck behind him. He looked, approvingly, at
Nora and said, "Hi!" She smiled. They continued their "conversation" as she
returned to her desk. "How's it going?" he said. Nora nodded. "New here?" She
nodded. "Don't talk much?" She shook her head. She ate another spoonful of
yogurt.

  

He opened the supply cabinet and put a few things in. He went to Nora with a
clipboard and a pen. "Sign for it," he said. Nora looked at the list, took the
pen, put the clipboard on her desk, and scrawled an 'N'. She pulled off the
top sheet.

  

" 'N' ? That's it? That's your signature?"

  

Nora nodded. She smiled and did a fingers-wave goodbye to him, turned to her
computer, and started to type.

  

  

After finishing her yogurt, Nora inventoried the supply cabinet. A week later,
in the morning, she did another quick inventory while straightening things up
on the shelves. The supply boy came and went. While Hazel was at the dentist
and Marie was in with the mayor, Nora did another inventory. The next day, she
made up a spreadsheet. She entered prices from the Staples catalog. She shook
her head at the gross discrepancies, at what was being embezzled. She printed
a copy of the spreadsheet, for her file.

  

  

And the next time supplies came, she filched a package of copy paper while the
young man was busy was shorting the cabinet.

  

  

"Got an eMail Nora needs something," said Andy, eagerly.

  

Nora pointed to a chair as Andy arrived. When he sat down, and rolled up, she
pointed to the blank eMail page on the monitor. "I need more disk space," she
typed.

  

"Sorry, Honey, server's full," he said.

  

She gave him a pleading look and put her hand on his.

  

"Can't be done."

  

Nora shook her head and pushed the keyboard at him and then looked expectantly
at the monitor. He typed, "Sorry. No more space. Server's full. Get the mayor
to budget a server upgrade."

  

Nora pulled the keyboard back and typed, "Space? What about the kiddie porn?
Is that essential?"

  

Andy looked at her in amazement. She clicked out of Mail. Her fingers flew and
moments later there was a grossly obscene picture on the screen. He looked at
the file address and muttered, "That's Chief O'Brien's. Holy shit! How'd you
get to that?"

  

Nora clicked back to the word processor, deleted the line she'd typed, and
typed, "Does personal image storage take priority?" She shoved the keyboard at
him.

  

He typed "No."

  

She took the keyboard back and typed, "What about the pirated videos?"

  

"How much storage do you want?" Andy croaked, starting to sweat.

  

"Tons," she typed, and then popped up "Pirates of the Carribean" and started
it.

  

"Can I use your computer?" Andy said, quickly stopping the movie.

  

Nora nodded.

  

"This'll take fucking hours," Andy griped. He started deleting his least-
popular MP4 files.

  

Nora rolled her chair back to give him her desk. While she watched what he was
doing, she rested her hand on his shoulder. Andy couldn't remember the last
time a pretty girl had been interested in what he did, or had touched him
affectionately, for that matter.

  

  

Marie and Hazel had left for the day.

  

"There. Satisfied?" Andy said.

  

Nora looked over his shoulder at the monitor and smiled.

  

"What you going to use this for, anyway?" he said.

  

Nora stood up, got behind him, and started massaging his shoulders and neck.

  

"You won't tell anyone about the videos, will you?" shaken Andy said. "A
little sideline business... to make up for the lousy pay."

  

  

Late at night, Nora, with LED flashlight, was sticking a microphone to the
bottom of the mayor's credenza, reaching in from the side. She heard the door
to the outer office open, saw that the lights had been switched on, and heard
the mayor, exclaiming aloud, "Why is the door to my office open?"

  

Nora managed, pushing with elbows and knees and toes, to work her body under
the credenza.

  

The mayor sat, in his desk chair, inches away from her, and talked on the
phone: tens of minutes to various people assuring them he was "taking care of
things"; over an hour to his mistress; ten minutes or so to his wife.

  

He dropped his pack of cigarettes while spinning an elaborate excuse. Talking
away on the phone at the limit of the handset cord, he twisted way back in his
chair to grope behind him for the pack. His fingers grazed Nora's arm a few
times. Nora moved the cigarettes to where he could grasp them. He frantically
lit up, one-handed.

  

  

Nora had time to do a lot of wondering. Would he drop something else and turn
to look for it? Would he just turn enough and look down enough to see her when
he left his chair? What if he thought the pack had spilled a cigarette or two?
What would happen if he caught her? She'd be arrested. Would she be raped and
murdered, too?

  

  

Nora was let into the office after a lunch break.

  

"Nora?" Marie said.

  

"Erm?" said Nora.

  

"New policy. His Honor's door is always locked," said Marie, proudly. "Now you
can only get in by key or by invitation."

  

Nora looked at the naked key in the doorknob and shrugged. When she left for
her "therapy," Nora had the key in her bag.

  

  

Hazel eMailed Nora, "If I'm not being too personal, dear, why the therapy?
Does it have something to do with your speech? And your cleaning?"

  

Nora replied, "Yes, you're being too personal. But if you must. I am a rape
victim. That's why I like keys, everyone having to knock to be let in. My
therapist suggests I clean. Clean the dirt out of my memory? Be able to talk
without screaming?"

  

Hazel showed Marie the exchange. "God, what did he do to her?" said Marie.

  

"Hate to think," said Hazel.

  

Marie was momentarily sympathetic.

  

  

"How's she get music on her PC?" Hazel said to Marie, indicating Nora,
headphones on as she monitored the creation of a sound file, to be converted
to an MP3 file, of a performance review of one of the mayor's female
managers—a very positive review, a very intimate conversation, a conversation
interrupted by a lot of rustling of clothing and grunts and groans.

  

"Andy gave her Internet access?" said Marie. "We specifically told him not
to."

  

  

Before Nora left the office each day, she'd copy two or three recipes for her
"cook book." She'd check the counter on the machine. If the number was right,
she'd use her duped key to the Ladies Room to hide there for a while, use her
duped key to the office to let herself back in, set the copier counter to
zero, then copy enough pages from files she'd selected and hidden in her desk
to get the counter back up again.

  

  

Andy started "dropping by," more and more often, eventually spending more time
in the mayor's office than in his own, downstairs. He and Nora would "talk"
for hours, skidding the keyboard back and forth, and typing everything, so his
words wouldn't "disturb" Marie and Hazel, who wouldn't have minded overhearing
at all. Nora got him boasting. He boasted of being a hacker at twelve, of his
exploits as a member of Anonymous, of the documents he'd provided to Julian
Assange and others. He demonstrated how he could penetrate firewalls, retrieve
passwords, decrypt text.

  

  

"Who's that?" said the mayor on noticing Andy's ever-presence.

  

"Andy from Systems," Marie said, smirking. "Nora's got a boyfriend! Aren't
they cute?"

  

  

Andy and Nora surfed through eMails sent by politicians, hedge-fund managers,
CIA agents, State Department staffers, celebrities. Most were pretty dull
until they set up a filter on the variants of the word 'fuck'. Nora was avidly
reading, chuckling, at the mail of a notorious quarterback. She clicked over
to the word processor to type, "This one was to me. He calls me NoNo. Secretly
married."

  

Andy grabbed the keyboard and typed, "Secretly married?"

  

Nora typed, "Until his divorce is final. He wanted me to. I told him after we
were married. Why I'm away weekends. To be with him. Talk on the phone every
night."

  

Andy said, "Talk?"

  

Nora looked at Andy, then got specific, "He does all the talking. All about
his day. Every boring detail. But then he spins us sexual fantasies. He's
doing this to me. I'm doing that to him. All I do is groan at the right times.
He says he's jerking off, but I know he's with a deceiving little jock-
sniffer, who's stifling her laughs. Like I did when I first met him."

  

After a moment, she typed, "I do love him, the huge, handsome, cheating, son
of a bitch. But I'm true to him, in my way."

  

"And I love you, too, Andy, in my way," she typed.

  

  

They were reading eMails in and out of the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Nora
switched over and typed, "This is like adultery, isn't it? Sneaky? Superior?
Nobody else knows what you're up to? It makes me feel funny inside. When you
were doing this as a kid, did it get you to jerking off?"

  

  

Andy was reading his mail. Nora was getting him coffee. He yelled, "What the
fuck is this?"

  

Nora came back, looked at the monitor, and cocked her head.

  

"An eMail from the University of Chicago data center saying the uploads went
well! Uploads?" yelped Andy.

  

Nora nodded and smiled.

  

"He your boyfriend, too? That stuff's not allowed!"

  

Nora just smiled at him.

  

"Videos?"

  

She nodded her head.

  

"The kiddie porn?"

  

She nodded her head.

  

"Shit! Shit! Shit!"

  

Nora stuck her finger in her mouth and sucked it, thoughtfully.

  

Andy stormed out of the office, wailing, "Bitch! Fucking Holy Hell! I'm
fucked! I'm in jail!"

  

  

"Something wrong, Nora?" said Hazel.

  

Nora shook her head sadly and shifted her monitor a quater-inch.

  

"Lovers' spat?" said Hazel.

  

Nora nodded.

  

  

"My guy says 'Yes, your office is bugged'. He found a couple of wireless
microphones. He said they're low range: not much further than your outer
office. Or the clerk's office next door.

  

"It's got to be that fucking Nora! Chief! What am I going to do? I suspect
she's been into everything. My desk, the files, the archives. Copying stuff,
everything."

  

"You've got a problem."

  

"Just me? She's got a hacker for a boyfriend. One of our people!" said the
mayor. (Actually, Nora had two hackers for boyfriends: there was the one at
the University of Chicago who'd given her the record-every-keystroke worm
she'd infected the system with and needed all the file space for. And the
monitoring equipment and software.)

  

"Who?" said the chief, getting out his notepad.

  

"Andy Black from Systems. God knows what they're seeing on our computers. I'm
sure it's everything. Confidential stuff. Personal stuff."

  

"Going to arrange a couple of little accidents. Maybe a murder-suicide," said
the chief, nodding his head. "Little Nora won't be coming to work tomorrow. Or
ever again. Cryin' shame. Such a pretty thing, too. Hard-working. We all loved
her."

  

The phone rang. It was Hazel. "Mayor Bradley, it's Elihu Wilson of the 'Post-
Dispatch'. He says he got an eMail you wanted to see him. Urgently. Wanted to
confess?"

  

"I never. Tell him I'm busy. Tell him to go away."

  

  

"He says 'bullshit'," reported Hazel.

  

  

As Wilson entered the mayor's office, the mayor said, "What do you want, you
muck-raking bastard?"

  

Nora bustled in, elbows pushing Wilson's back, her hands full, and kicked the
door closed. She handed the mayor a manila envelope, the police chief a
stapled document, and Wilson a thick book in a cheap pressboard cover.

  

" 'A Corrupt City/Exhibits' ?" Wilson said, reading aloud. He flicked through
the pages, his mouth open, his eyes bulging. When he looked to Nora, she
pointed at the mayor and nodded, then at the police chief. She led Wilson,
engrossed in the book, out of the office, palming the key from the door as she
closed it.

  

Through the closing gap, the mayor could be heard, yelling, "She your fucking
spy?"

  

Nora got her bag from her desk and a piece of paper she dropped on Hazel's
desk. She took Wilson's arm and they left.

  

"What's it say?" said Marie.

  

" 'I QUIT' in her kindergarten writing," said Hazel.

  

"Good riddance," said Marie.

  

"I'll miss her," said Hazel. "Always something going on."

  

  

As Nora and Wilson left City Hall, Nora said, distinctly, in her pleasant,
midwestern voice, "Name's Nora Malle. Used to be 'Maleski'; maybe you remember
it." Elihu nodded at her, speechless.

  

  

The chief was reading a transcript of an in-the-mayor's-office "job-
opportunities conversation" the mayor had had with the chief's youngest
daughter. He fingered the strap holding his largely-decorative service
revolver in its holster.

  

The mayor had opened the envelope with "PCOB" marked on it and pulled out
laser-prints of a sad-looking, naked, little girl. He put on his glasses and
looked closely at her face. "It's Emma Maleski! Where did she dig up these
pictures of Emma?" he screeched at Police Chief O'Brien. "You slimy piece of
filth! Were you Emma's murderer?"

  

  

Marie and Hazel heard a gunshot. "Harry!" Marie cried, rushing to the door.
There was a second shot, from inside, when the police were crowbar-ing and
sledge-hammering their way into the locked mayor's office, high in the
"fortress."

