### Quasiment Fugitif by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2013-02-09. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** One story leads to another 

* * *

_**This story is set place in my own created Out Of Distriction-world. I have
three finished film scripts and have been working on a fourth since. The first
two parts were posted as my first two short fiction stories in the genre
‘crime’. Instead of summarise chapter three and post that one I’ve decided to
write a new short story about Nick Bentley, which will connect Out Of
Distriction with Out Of Distriction 3. This story will tell the story about
what happened with Nick Bentley after the events of Out Of Distriction and
which leads him to eventually meet with Shayne Jackson again in Out Of
Distriction: Desert Point (Part 3). You don’t have to read the other stories
for a better understanding of this one but I do recommend it. So read and
enjoy my comeback in Crime.**_

Miami June-2009 (Out Of Distriction)- When Shayne and Nick leave the police
building they both say goodbye. But before Shayne leaves, Nick wants to know
where he's going to. Shayne answers that question by: that he doesn't know
himself, but that he still has a mission to finish. Then Shayne leaves while
Nick goes the other way walking back to his house.

**Miami Two Years Later:**

Nick was promoted for his work with Shayne and now working for Miami-Dade:
Homicide as a Detective-sergeant. Different than two years ago, Nick was now a
respected cop and the best at his department. His Lieutenant Frank Saunders
was a very much Horatio Cane-like boss. He always wanted his team to be
extreme careful with their weapons. The team was working on a murder case from
back in 2003 when the leader of a gang (the Sicilians) was killed in his
house. One day later another man from that gang was killed with the same gun.
The case was closed since their was no trace of a murder but has been re-
opened since the murder weapon was found.

In the mean time, two of the team where working on a different case involving
some corrupt cops. They where close to force a breakthrough since one of the
suspects was ready to assist for a full pardon. The cops where going to the
place they would meet the man, when they where attacked by three cars. The
people inside carried some machineguns and eventually they crashed on the
road. One of the men who where attacking them made sure they where both death.
This had much impact on the whole division and especially for Nick’s team.
Just two days later a new agent was introduced: Shyenne Carpenter. Shyenne was
transferred from New York since she couldn’t deal with the fact that her
partner died during a simple arrest. Now she was considered stable again but
she had to be transferred.

From the very first encounter, Shyenne and Nick had trouble working together.
Both their egos where in the way for what could be a great partnership. This
matter continued constantly and eventually led to an unsuccessful attempt to
solve the murder of the gang boss. Saunders forced the two hotheads to work
together on a different case. The two had to work on the case the two death
cops where working on. The other option? Was getting fired!

Now forced to work together they had to deal with their ego’s first. This was
not as easy as it looked. Nick made openly fun of Shyenne’s theories and joked
about her while talking with other agents. Shyenne didn’t try to end this at
all and constantly used her knowledge to diss Nick in front of the others.
They worked on the case solo and made a game out of it in who would be the one
the solve the case. What they didn’t know was that it involved corrupt cops.
So after some days of annoying each other and preventing the other to actually
do their job, they where both equals in the case.

After Nick finds a name of a cop in the files the late cops had kept, he
tracks him and starts following the suspect. This leads him to and address
where after an hour, three man step out the building. Nick continues to follow
them and finds out all three are active cops. In the mean time, Shyenne finds
a trace because of a witness. She knew the licence plate except one number
from one of the three cars. Back at the department she works together with
another agent to find out which number plate is the correct one and who is the
owner. This leads her eventually to an address just outside the city to and
old and left industry building.

When Shyenne enters the building, she finds some cars and the licences plate
as described by the witness. At the same time, Nick arrives by following the
three men. Those men drive into the building so Shyenne has to hide herself
immediately. Nick walks over to the building and goes to a door near by the
entrance where the suspects drove in. Shyenne is found, since the buildings
ground was just sand, she left a trail to her hiding. When Nick hears the
gunshots, he kicks in the door. After a long gun fight, Shyenne and Nick come
together and back to back kill the three guys. Saunders appears later and its
identified, both three men where cops. The cars are full of weapons and drugs
which where stolen from a police lab two months earlier. Also the gun which
killed the former cops working on this case is found.

The next day, Nick and Shyenne are different to each other, they really start
working together which brings them together to the house one of the death
suspects lived, he was the cop killer. Saunders kept the death of the three
corrupt agents a secret so someone would try to find them. Nick and Shyenne
where to stay in the house until someone would make contact. Its when Nick
leaves the shower when Shyenne and Nick have an affair. It starts with a
history lesson about their wounds till the moment they kiss. At this time the
didn’t knew their where cameras hidden in the house, placed by Internal
Affairs. On the television, Nick learns the fact that Shayne Jackson’s
girlfriend was killed and that three Mexicans where found death later. This
affair between Nick and Shyenne continues for two days until someone calls.
Shyenne is able to hold him on the phone for some minutes with ‘dirty’ talk
and the call is traced.

Nick and Shyenne leave the house to pay a visit to the address. Here they find
the corrupt agent who wanted to talk. They first have to beat the hell out of
them and then he finally agrees. Saunders gets proof from internal Affairs
that Shyenne and Nick have an affair and is said to “do something” about it.
Back on the bureau, The cop talks and a list of six corrupt cops is made with
and ex Lieutenant as the big man behind the operation. Shortly after, Saunders
informs Nick and Shyenne that they may not work together anymore and gives
them a photo as proof. They are both pulled of the case. Meanwhile, someone
enters the bureau and acts as a internal affairs cop. His real name is Alex
West from the FBI. He kills the corrupt agent and when he leaves, he eye
blinks to Shyenne who has eye contact with him.

Nick and Shyenne come to agreement that they choose to finish “their” case.
They try to close in on all the named persons and arrest them, but every time
they run into a corrupt agent, they find them death. Someone else is ahead of
them and leaves without a trace. They inform Saunders about the fact they are
too late every time and he becomes angry that both are still working on the
case. He expels both of them and warns them to let them fire if they continue.

Simons gets a phone later from an unknown man and it seems that Saunders is
involved too. Shyenne chooses to quit but Nick continues. What we didn’t know
is that Nick has a fiancé who was out of the country for four months for
business. When five names are killed, Nick traces the sixth name and is just
in time to prevent him from being killed. Nick arrest the man and brings him
to the bureau. Nick is met with compliments while Simons makes a phone call to
the unknown man, revealed to be Alex West. Nick has become an huge problem
now?? When Nick is entering Saunders office, he asks him to leave his badge
and gun. Nick can’t believe this but Saunders explains himself by saying he
has had his chance and he has blown it by arresting the surviving suspect. As
Nick leaves the bureau in an angry mood, Saunders takes his phone again and
says he has probably dealt with Nick. Alex responds by saying he has done
something himself and then Simons heard a gun shot. When Nick is finally home
he finds the death body of his fiancé.

Its revealed that Alex was responsible indirect for the murder of Nick’s
fiancé and the five suspects while talking to Shyenne(!). Shyenne is working
for the FBI too, but undercover, the lieutenant is revealed as the killer and
is called Grant Cooper. In the mean time its revealed that Shayne Jackson is
wanted by the FBI for some of the events that happened in California.

Nick calls Shayne Jackson that evening. Nick tells him about the death of his
fiancé and that he’s working on a murder case. Shayne tells Nick he’s in
something involved too. Nick says that he has to be careful since Shayne is
wanted in the hole USA by the feds. Nick spends the following days doing
weekly stuff a normal person would do. He’s very emotional about his loss even
while he had an affair with Shyenne. He cant find a reason why Shyenne would
leave him by himself. So he pays a visit to her apartment the next day. While
looking around the place he finds nothing useful. This changes when he finds a
briefcase. Nick opens it and finds out that Shyenne is a FBI agent and her
partner is Alex West and very much alive! He even recognizes Alex from a
photo. While searching on her computer which Nick could brake into, he finds
all the documents of the corrupt agents. Eventually he finds evidence that
they where already caught by the FBI. They where used to catch a bigger fish
who was known as Las Chavez, a Mexican drug lord who was dealing with the
corrupt agents. He then reveals that both Alex and Shyenne didn’t got
permission to go through with the case. As last he finds out that the real
lieutenant who was involved with the corrupt agents and the leader, was no one
else than Saunders.

Nick leaves and knows now almost the whole truth. Shortly afterwards, Alex and
Shyenne appear and find out that Nick has broken in and found out about this.
Also Shyenne’s apartment was covered with cameras. Nick in the meantime
confronts Saunders at the bureau who firstly denies everything until Nick
shows the proof. Saunders confesses afterwards and explains that a ‘fake
lieutenant’ was also involved and the third member of the FBI team where Alex
and Shyenne where also members of. Nick leaves Saunders behind and has
recorded the conversation. He also knows how his fiancé’s killer looks like
and is out for revenge. In the mean time Saunders is arrested.

Nick finds Cooper and the two end in a gun fight. Which Nick didn’t knew was
that this was all a trap to put away Nick. Eventually they end in a hand to
hand combat which Nick is winning. While he hears the sirens he stops fighting
and doesn’t kill Cooper first. But when Cooper tries to shoot Nick, Nick
shoots Cooper. Cooper than explains it was a set up for Nick and that he will
be arrested for the murder of a FBI agent. In the mean time, Saunders is
transported in a Internal Affairs van driven by Shyenne while the agent in the
back is Alex. Nick fled the building before the cops find an injured Cooper.
Cooper manages to say Nick was the shooter before he dies. While in the
bureau, Nick finds out his locker is broken in and the tape is gone. Saunders
is later found death in the back of the van while Nick is now accused of
killing a FBI agent but by an unknown source is let free without an option to
return back by the police. He receives a letter from Shyenne why he was let
free. She didn’t knew that killing his fiancé was part of the plan. Nick pays
a visit to his fiancé’s grave and brings her flowers. Also he buried a letter
in which he confessed his affair and explaining why he needs to do those
things he had sworn not to do. Her only living family was her sister of
twenty-two years old. Nick paid her a visit later and apologized for the death
of her sister. She said it wasn’t his fault, and thanked him for killing her
killer. Nick gives her the money of her life insurance explaining that she has
a promising future. They drink one on Roann before Nick say’s goodbye. After
some minutes when Olivia opens the box, she finds more money, Nick and Roann’s
life savings and some pictures of Roann with her Nick or alone. Also a family
dinner video is in the box which Nick never had finalized. The next thing we
see is Nick breaking into the car compound of the police and stealing a fast
Nissan Skyline GT-R. Nick starts to participate street races to pay the bills.
First some easy races for less money so he can modify his car. In the
following months he will race several times and become a big name in the
illegal street circuit. After a while he is comparable to Shayne’s reputation.
Once he’s in a bar celebrating another win while on news can be seen that
Shayne Jackson is one of the FBI’s most wanted.

**Miami (2013) (eight months later):**

Nick has become one of the big guys now in illegal street racing circuit
Miami, but has his debts with some casinos he plays often. He’s wanted too and
has five years imprisonment ahead of him if he gets caught. As he participates
a next street race, the cops are aware of the race since one of the drivers is
undercover for a while. The race ends nasty when the cops interrupt. One of
the racers dies by an accident while Nick can loose the heat successfully. Now
he has to deal with the mobsters of the casino and the police too. That’s why
he thinks its time to leave Miami.

Nick can be seen a day later next to Roann’s grave talking to her. He
apologizes for doing the things he always promised not to do, following the
footsteps of Shayne. He meets Olivia there for a final time and the two talk
for a while. Olivia has successfully been given a job with Vice Division and
knows this could be the last time the two see each other. After a while she
lets Nick leave and gives him the reason that she isn’t a cop yet. Nick leaves
in his car while Olivia walks to Roann’s grave. Some minutes later Nick calls
Shayne to say he’s in big trouble and needs his help. Shayne is with Horatio
Valera near-by Houston and on his way to Miami. They will meet in their old
safe house over three days in Palm Bay.

**Six days later:**

Nick has been in the safe house more than six days and Shayne still hadn’t
shown up. While asleep, someone knocks on the door. When opening someone
wounded introduces himself as Horatio Valera. First thing he said was that
Shayne is death. While Horatio treats himself for his wounds, Nick does some
investigation and finds in the back of the pick up Shayne’s necklace.
[[Shayne, Horatio and Craig where in a gunfight with the FBI since they where
traced. Craig was killed while Shayne gave Horatio the opportunity to escape.
Eventually Shayne gets shot deathly. Horatio could tell Shayne still carried
his necklace when taken shot. Shayne has thrown the necklace after he was shot
which means that he’s still alive.]]

The next day, a manhunt is forcing Horatio to move on. Nick goes with him and
they leave just in time before the Feds find the old safe house. Its revealed
that Alex West and Shyenne Carpenter are leading the case.

**A few weeks later:**

Nick and Horatio are hiding somewhere in New Orleans. Nick gets another call
from Shayne who is now with someone with the name Bastiaan Andrews, its
revealed they have successfully escaped. Shayne informs him where they will
meet again (Desert Point). After the phone call, Horatio walks in informing
they have to hurry, the newspaper reveals that Shayne, Nick, Horatio, Andrews
and some others of their former crew are wanted by the FBI.

**_I dedicate this story to a person, Jelmer Kooistra, who’s been with me on my journey since 2008, when I first started to write stories in Dutch. I created Nick Bentley specially for him. Both the character and my friend share the same sort of behaviour, soul and heart.. Nick Bentley is of course fictionalised, but the character in basic is pretty much the same as how is see you my friend. This is you’re role in my Out Of Distriction universe, this is my thank you for believing in me.._**

