### A Life Imperfect by mrschina

**Date Added:** 2013-04-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This is the first piece of writing I have submitted to a site outside the CW course I'm doing or bored family members with constant proof-reading! All comments welcome. 

* * *

**A Life Imperfect**

When Cecelia came home she usually paused to admire her stunning penthouse
apartment and the views over the city, to remind herself how far she had come.
Today she didn’t. Throwing her coat and bags onto the white leather chair she
turned on the music system and the poignant strains of _Rhapsody in Blue_
filled the room. She took a few calming deep breaths whilst pouring a large
vodka tonic. Sitting down at her uncluttered desk she sipped her drink,
beating an impatient tattoo with immaculate nails.

Cecelia hadn’t recognised Debbie at first. She never dreamed she'd see her in
this part of the city - after all, she was more Pound Shop than Prada. Her
elder sister had certainly let herself go in the past twenty years. There was
only five years between them but Debbie looked far older. Always a chubby
child she was now decidedly obese, her pasty skin clearly not used to seeing
daylight and a mix of brown and grey roots showing in her cheaply-coloured
hair. Cecelia thought she had escaped her past although there had always been
a possibility someone from her family would seek her out once she had money.
Unfortunately, she was photographed frequently by the press; it was
unavoidable given the circles she moved in now. The sleekly perfect creature
she had become was very different to the scruffy, neglected fourteen year old
who had finally escaped their clutches. Debbie was the only family still
living in the city since their mother had run off to Spain after their
father’s death. Now Debbie wanted money, otherwise she would reveal her
sister’s buried secrets. Cecelia knew if she started paying it would never end
and she had no intention of letting anyone have a hold over her again.

Her diary was in front of her and she checked her plans for the next few days,
the familiarity of routine helping calm her. By each event was noted the
outfit she intended to wear, down to the smallest item of jewellery. Tonight
her fiancé’s sister was opening a new gallery, yet another fad no doubt, but
she had better confirm she was going. She picked up the phone and dialled,
pulling her mouth into a smile as she left a voice message.

‘Annabelle, it’s Cecelia. Just walked past the gallery. Looks fab darling.
Can’t wait for the opening tonight. See you at seven. Kiss, kiss.’ The
charades they all went through were farcical and she couldn’t bear Annabelle
but, as her future sister-in-law, Cecelia had to hide her contempt. She had
cultivated their style; it had been necessary to ensure acceptance, and
maintain her own pretence, but she never imagined it would be such hard work.
Going into her dressing room to put away her latest purchases, she double-
checked her maid’s instruction list to ensure everything would be ready for
later. Her fiancé, Anthony, laughed at her obsession with what he called ‘old-
fashioned pen and paper’, and had bought her an iPad but it remained in its
box. He thought it one of her quirks, one of the reasons he loved her, unaware
she was constantly afraid of being found a fraud, and this was one way of
keeping control.

The only person she could turn to in such a crisis was Jimmy, the man who had
rescued her from the streets, helped guide and educate her, setting her on the
path she somehow knew she was destined to follow. She knew he loved her and
could always rely on him to help her. She dialled his number.

‘Hello gorgeous girl. What’s up?’ he answered and Cecelia felt the tension
begin to seep away at the sound of the voice as familiar as her own. With
Jimmy she could be herself.

‘Darling, I’ve got rather a problem. Debbie has found me and is trying a bit
of blackmail. I don’t know what the hell I’m going to do about it. Any
suggestions?’

‘Hmm. Okay, well I suppose there was a danger she would. She always was a
nasty piece of work.’ Jimmy paused and she could imagine him sitting at his
desk, immaculately dressed as always, running a hand through his thick grey
hair.

‘You could always go round there,’ Jimmy continued, ‘try to reason with her.
Tell her Anthony knows everything so she hasn’t got anything to hold over
you.’

‘I don’t know.’ Cecelia hesitated, trying to decide the best option. ‘She’s
not really the sort of person you can argue with. She always insisted she was
right, even when we were children, and I imagine she’s worse now.’

‘Why don’t you try it? If it doesn’t work you could always go to the police,’
he laughed, knowing how she would react.

‘No,’ she shouted, her cool façade momentarily disappearing. ‘No way. Then it
would all come out and I’ll lose everything.’ She was taken aback, Jimmy
wasn’t normally so harsh, even when he was joking with her.

‘Hey sweetheart, calm down. You usually know when I’m teasing. God, you really
are upset about this aren’t you?’

‘Sorry Jimmy. It’s just brought everything back. I’ve got so much on at the
moment what with getting ready for the wedding and trying to get Anthony’s
parents on side. They’re still suspicious of me as I’m not from their social
circle.’

‘I’m sure you’ll charm them over soon.’

This time Cecelia did laugh. ‘I’ll go round tomorrow morning. Anthony’s
picking me up in the afternoon as we’re off to the old ancestral pile for a
weekend pheasant shoot.’

‘Oh dear, what a hard life you lead,’ he chuckled, pleased he’d finally got
Cecelia to lighten her mood. ‘Seriously, if you can’t persuade her to back
off, let me know and I’ll arrange something to change her mind.’ Cecelia’s
face hardened, her mask firmly back in place, cursing herself for the moment’s
weakness allowing her vulnerability to show, even if it only was in front of
Jimmy. She knew perfectly well what he was capable of, after all he had dealt
with the problem of her father, but a similar fate would be what sister
dearest deserved. As she walked back to the kitchen, she thought of the
rumours she’d heard lately that made her wonder about his motives but just as
quickly dismissed them.

The following day, Cecelia dressed carefully not wanting to appear too smart
or risk anyone else recognising her. Unfortunately, even her oldest clothes
were designer, but she did the best she could. Her maid had left a scruffy
quilted coat behind which Cecelia put on, the bulk disguising her slim figure.
She pushed her blonde hair under a hat and wrapped a pashmina around her neck,
pulling it over the lower part of her face. Before leaving she took off her
diamond and sapphire engagement ring, a symbol of her success, placing it
carefully in the velvet-lined box. She didn’t want Debbie trying to get her
hands on it, although Cecelia doubted her sister would have any idea of its
true worth.

The taxi dropped her off several streets away and as she walked it began to
rain. She pushed her hands deeper into the pockets as the familiarity of the
area brought long-buried memories flooding back. The closer she got to the
house, the more she felt herself reverting to the scared child she had once
been and it took all her strength to shrug those feelings away. Cecelia looked
around warily noticing attempts had been made to smarten up the area, but
newly planted tree saplings had been ripped from their pots and railings had
been broken. Graffiti decorated the stained walls and most of the paving
stones were cracked. She heard angry barking and the pulsing bass of dance
music before a door slammed, cutting off the sound, leaving the drone of
traffic on the nearby overpass. From the state of the house and garden it was
clear Debbie had not just let herself go. Cecelia pushed open the broken gate
and gingerly stepped round the rubbish on the path. The front door was ajar so
Cecelia went in, following the smell of cigarette smoke and burnt toast down
the dim hallway to the kitchen. Debbie was in front of the oven and turned as
she heard the door.

‘Well, well, look who it is. Miss High and Mighty herself.’ A triumphant smile
split her face as she turned back to the oven where she was pushing something
unidentifiable around a frying pan caked in grease. Cecelia looked around in
disgust at the filthy kitchen. The small TV on the worktop, surrounded by
unwashed dishes, was tuned to _Neighbours_. At least their mother used to keep
the place clean and tidy but then she had to, otherwise she would have
received another beating. In the corner she noticed some holiday brochures on
top of a leaning pile of newspapers. Planning how to spend my money, Cecelia
thought.

‘So what can I do for yer ladyship then? Oops sorry, I forgot, you’re not
actually an aristocrat yet.’ Debbie laughed bitterly, showing stained crooked
teeth.

‘I thought we could sort this out. Have a sensible discussion,’ Cecelia began.

‘Nothin’ to discuss,’ Debbie said, looking round for a clean plate. Not
finding one, she, added a large dollop of ketchup to the pan, picked up a fork
and began to eat.

‘I told you I want money. Now.’ Throwing the fork in the direction of the
sink, she pulled a pack of cigarettes from the pocket of her worn sweat pants
and lit one, leaving the contents of the pan to congeal.

‘There’s no point trying to blackmail me,’ Cecelia said, now realising this
was a complete waste of time. ‘My fiancé knows everything.’

‘Oh come on bitch.’ Debbie’s face contorted into an ugly snarl and she jabbed
her cigarette towards Cecelia’s face, the smoke making her eyes smart. ‘You
mean to say all your posh friends know what a little slut you were? All about
nicking stuff and boozing? And the lies you told? You were nothing better than
a whore, before you got all la-di-da. Mind you, I s’pose you’re still one,
sleeping your way to the top. Bet your fiancé don’t know that bit.’

Cecelia was shocked at her sister’s view of their childhood. ‘You mean you’ve
conveniently forgotten the beatings father handed out. It wasn’t just me; he
went for mother as well. He even put her in hospital once.’

‘No, he didn’t. He might have slapped her a bit but he never laid a finger on
you, not his little princess.’

‘How do you know that’s what he called me?’ It was as if Cecelia was re-living
the horror all over again. ‘He only called me that after he’d, you know. When
he said I had to keep it secret.’ Even now she couldn’t bring herself to say
the words.

‘Rubbish, you were his favourite and a right spoilt brat an’ all.’

‘If what you say is true,’ Cecelia said quietly, ‘how come I was pregnant when
I left?’

‘Some school lad, I reckon. Like I said, you were a slut. And where’s the brat
now eh? Bet you were lyin’ about that.’

‘I lost the baby, probably due to the punching I got before I left.’ She
couldn’t bring herself to tell Debbie how she had nearly died, how the
hysterectomy had saved her life but that life would be childless. Just as she
hadn’t been able to tell Anthony. She’d work out what to do about that when
the time came - after all, when you had money there were ways of dealing with
even seemingly insurmountable obstacles.

Debbie was walking towards Cecelia. ‘Yeah, right. Now, how much cash you got?’

Cecelia backed away but was trapped against the worktop, ‘Get away from me.’
she said, ‘I told you, I only came here to talk.’ She edged sideways towards
the door.

‘Talk eh? I’ve said all I’ve got to say.’ Debbie moved, blocking the hallway.
‘You know what I want.’

Cecelia looked towards the back door but it was bolted. ‘You don’t really
believe I’m going to carry large amounts of cash around with me, do you?’ she
asked, and reached behind grabbing a saucepan, which she swung in Debbie’s
direction, in a vague attempt to get her to move away from the door. Debbie
tried to dodge, slipped on some spilled grease and fell back, hitting her head
on the oven. She groaned, and then lay still, blood from her head mixing with
the dirt on the floor.

Horrified, Cecelia dropped the pan with a clatter and bent over her sister.
‘Debbie. Debbie,’ she began to back away. ‘Debbie. Wake-up.’ Nothing. She
scrabbled through her bag for the phone then stopped. No-one knew she was
there; there was nothing to link the two of them. Looking down at Debbie,
unable to believe what she’d done, but feeling little compassion. She was
beginning to understand her family had known what her father had done to her
but said nothing. Now she had to find a way out of this. For so long she had
kept everything completely in check but, unless she was careful, she could
ruin everything. She looked around the kitchen again, but the only thing she’d
touched was the pan. She scrubbed the handle with a grubby towel and then, to
be safe, wiped the edge of the worktop and the door handles, throwing the
towel onto a pile of clothes by the front door as she left. Problem solved;
with a bit of luck. Back to her perfect life: another secret to keep hidden.
Swallowing feelings of guilt, she hurried away to find a taxi, not seeing the
face peeping around the grubby net curtain at the window of the house
opposite. Once in the taxi, she dialled Jimmy, but the call went straight to
voicemail.

‘Jimmy darling. Phone me as soon as. Got another little problem.’ He always
returned her calls. But he didn’t call back. She tried again; no answer. She
left increasingly panicky messages, constantly twisting the end of her
pashmina around, staring out at the passing traffic as the taxi crawled
towards her building.

Back in her apartment, she anxiously dialled Jimmy’s number again while
checking her landline but nothing. She had to calm down before Anthony
arrived. She should be looking forward to seeing him, but just wanted to get
away, then she might be able to start putting this behind her. She would have
to behave normally so neither Anthony nor his family would know anything was
wrong. Cecelia had a long hot shower, letting the water cleanse away the
stench of her childhood and began to relax slightly. Perhaps Jimmy had guessed
what had happened and was clearing up her mess already. He’d call when it was
done.

Her maid had left her weekend bags packed but Cecelia emptied them onto her
bed and then repacked them, checking her watch every few minutes. She
discarded her original choice of outfit throwing the clothes on the bed,
changing twice before she was happy, and was putting on her make-up when the
entry phone rang. Pushing the button without speaking, Cecelia briefly
wondered why Anthony hadn’t let himself in. At least he was finally here.

‘I’m in the kitchen darling,’ she called as she finished applying her
lipstick. Fixing a bright smile on her face she turned towards the door, to
see two strange men entering her apartment.

‘Who are you? What do you want?’ Cecelia asked in alarm.

The older man held up a police badge. ‘DS Thornton and this is DC McCoy. Are
you Karen Clements?’

Cecelia was stunned to hear her real name spoken aloud for the first time in
years. ‘My name is Cecelia Connelly. You’ve got the wrong person. Now please
leave.’ Turning away so they couldn’t see her face, Cecelia decided she would
have to brazen it out. How could the police have linked her with Debbie so
quickly, after all, the only person who knew she was going there was Jimmy.

He took out his notebook, flicking through the pages ‘If you’re not Karen
Clements I’ll need to see some identification.’

‘I’ve told you my name. Now leave, or I will lodge a complaint with your
superiors for harassment.’ Cecelia put on her most imperious voice as if
addressing a rude waiter. Through the open door she heard the lift and prayed
it wasn’t Anthony.

‘We’re investigating an assault on Debbie Clements. I understand you’re her
sister and you went to see her this morning.’

‘You mean she’s not dead?’ she blurted, just as Anthony stepped into the room.

‘Cecelia? What’s going on?’ he asked, looking from her to the two policemen
and back again. Cecelia sank into a chair and the blood drained from her face
as her carefully constructed life crumbled before her eyes.

