### Detectives in a Diner by Closet_Bohemian

**Date Added:** 2013-04-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

**Detectives in a Diner**

“You know it ain’t easy being a private detective. Not now. Not ever.” The two
men, a table and a generation between them, had barely sat down at the East
Sunset diner when Frank dropped a bombshell.

“You’ve been a good sidekick. I asked you to meet me here tonight because I
wanted to talk to you. It’s time for me to retire. I’m looking for someone to
take over. Naturally I thought of you. Interested?”

“Wow,” said Rick. “Sure I am,” he stammered. “But I mean, I had no idea.”

“Can I trust you? Before I turn it all over to you, there’s something you need
to know about me. Some things I’ve never told anyone.”

The protégé looked up at his mentor with admiration. Rick had wanted to be
private eye ever since reading “The Big Sleep.” Not exactly a growing
profession in the new millennium. But this was Los Angeles. There was still
murder and treachery. Still jealous husbands who wanted their suspicions
confirmed with hard evidence. Glossy photos or a flash drive with digital
images. Poor bastards could have their pick. The times were changing but a few
jobs could still be found for the true devotees. Frank had taken Rick under
his wing.

“Remember that beautiful model married to the heart surgeon. The one he wanted
followed. The one who was half his age. The one who could turn heads and stops
hearts every time she walked into a room. The kind of woman every man dreams
about."

“You kidding? How could I forget?”

Dr. Leibovitz paid me twenty five grand for a month of surveillance to see
what she was up to. Well. It went bad. I followed her to the Beverly Hills
hotel. Polo Lounge. She was having a drink with a young actor type. Sculpted
good looks. They real cozy. Got a couple of photo

“Yeah. So?”

“She spotted me. Put two and two together. It was a hot day. She was dressed
for the weather if you know what I mean. She approached me made me an offer
for my silence. Ya know what I’m saying? It was the only time I ever did
anything like that. I betrayed our profession. I lied to the doctor after
taking his money. That’s it. That’s the story. I needed to tell you that.
Still interested in taking over the agency?”

“Of course I’m interested,” said Rick. “One mistake. I won’t hold it against
you. With a woman like that? Hell, who could blame you?”

“Wrong answer, kid. I was pulling your leg. Mrs. Leibovitz was just meeting
her mother at the Polo Lounge for lunch. There was no actor boyfriend. No
offer either. I’m sorry but we’re done, you and I.”

The kid walked out. His bubble burst. _One wrong answer._ He would have to
look for another gig. Maybe even another profession. He glanced down Sunset
Boulevard to the illuminated skyscrapers of downtown. Maybe the private eye
business wasn’t for him after all. Maybe it was all an adolescent fantasy
belonging to another era. Then he turned to look the other way toward the rich
estates of the Hollywood Hills. He was seized by mix of emotion and
imagination. No, definitely not. Rick was not ready to let go of the dream of
being Philip Marlowe.

