### Opening Night by jddsox

**Date Added:** 2013-05-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A killer attempts an act of revenge during opening night of a performance. 

* * *

**Opening Night**

** **

**By: Jamison Dempster**

Tonight he had it all planned out; this was his moment. He had done this
before, but not to such a high profile person as this. It this enticed him. He
has planned this out for months, waiting for the proper moment. His peers know
him as the phantom, because he never leaves a trace of evidence behind. He
always dresses in black, so he could easily blend into dark theatre crowds. In
his early forty’s, clean shaven and blue eyed, he pulls his long, wavy blonde
hair into a ponytail to accentuate his prominent jaw structure. He took pride
in working backstage in theatres form New York to California. He was a rather
taciturn fellow, for he didn’t like working with others. He liked his
nickname, which was much more appealing than his birth name. The phantom
persona presented him with a sense of immortality, because no one knew his
true identity. How could they? He disappeared into thin air after he committed
his crimes.

This was opening night at the Pantages Theatre in Hollywood for one of the
most anticipated musicals of the century. No one could quite grasp the thought
it was just about to lose one of its star actors. “Oliver!” had been a
Broadway hit in New York for the past few months. Critics praised the well-
known actor, Jerry Stephenson, who played role of the exhilarating antagonist
named Fagin. Also in his early forty’s, Jerry cut a dashing figure with dark,
chiseled features, and a gym-rat physique. This was his first role where he
wasn’t the main attraction, but he enjoyed it anyway.

Jonathan Weinberg was one of the harshest critics in the entertainment
industry. With his keen eye for detail, he could bring down even the most
respectable actors and make their performances flop. However Jonathan wrote
his opinion, even if others didn’t agree, he always critiqued performances
based upon his personal opinions, for which he as well paid.

Jonathan arrived at the theatre just as the curtain rose for the first act. He
always sat in the upper right rear corner of the theatre. This perch afforded
him the best view of the backstage area so he could watch the crewmembers
behind the scenes when the actors bored him. In case there was an emergency,
he could flee without being noticed. He dressed in his usual night attire:
tailored gray pin striped suit, subtle black tie, Italian leather loafers,
with his pencil thin mustache curled up at the top, looking like his usual
snobbish self. In his early fifty’s, he looked more fatigued than usual
tonight.

As the curtain flew out of sight, the performance began at 8:00 P.M. on the
dot. Just as the phantom had planned, he had as much time as he needed to
commit his crime. He hated Jerry Stephenson with a passion. It was Jerry who
introduced him to Bernie Madoff in New York. It was Jerry who convinced him to
invest his life savings with Madoff. It was Jerry who told him Bernie would
make them both rich. It was Jerry who was responsible for the phantom losing
his life savings. Tonight Jerry would pay.

As the performance approached intermission, there was a sudden snapping sound
from behind the set as the actors finished the final scene of the first act.
Some of the ceiling rafters began to cave in above the actors’ heads as they
stood with trepidation. Several lights and microphones came askew as well.
Panic broke out backstage. No one knew what caused this calamity, or if the
show could go on.

After the first act, the audience queued up after emptying the theatre for
complementary food and beverages. The stage manager, Philip Rinehart, called a
cast meeting. He was a burly man, dressed in all black, with a clean-shaved
head and a goatee that was not yet fully-grown. He stood 6’4” and was
extremely well built for his 45 years. Philip assured the cast the ceiling was
not as bad as it appeared, and he could fix it in time for Act Two. He ousted
the cast from the stage, and disappeared up a ladder to start the repairs. The
cast scurried to their dressing rooms to effect a quick costume change for the
next act.

Unfortunately, all the following debris completely missed Fagin on stage. The
phantom had counted on Jerry getting hit and he would have been dead by the
beginning of Act II. This change in plan enraged the phantom who vowed Jerry
would never finish the play as Fagin. He had to devise a new play he could
simply and easily pull of before the end of the performance.

The phantom picked up a script lying on the table next to him, with detailed
notes from a crewmember working the performance. Since the phantom was
actually a crewmember, no one would give it a second thought if he fumbled
through the script. He read through the second act about 20 times before he
gave up, and realized he was screwed. As he frantically crumpled up the
useless script, he still had high hopes for unveiling a new plan. Just then,
he heard a commotion over his headset, which he had turned on for Act II. At
first he thought it was just the normal stage crew chatter that occurred when
they are bored and has nothing to do with a particular scene. That was not the
case at all. They were discussing the scene where his former partner, Bill
Sykes, shoots Fagin. He never expected something to fall into his lap quite
like this had. If he could somehow switch the stage pistol with a real one, or
fire a real piston at Jerry, this would accomplish his goal. It was going to
be tricky, because he had to find a real gun.

The phantom had worked other shows in this theatre and learned most of its
secrets. He remembered the stage manager kept a pistol in his office for
emergencies. Well, in some sense, this was an emergency for the phantom! If he
could sneak past the crew during a big dance number in the second act, maybe
he could get his hands on the manager’s pistol in time to shoot Jerry in the
third act.

He ran the whole scenario perfectly illustrated through his head several
times. During Act II, the phantom slowly snuck off the stage and tiptoed down
the staircase to the stage manager’s unlocked office. He remembered seeing
Philip place the pistol into a black cigar box, and hide it under his desk in
the metal file cabinet. However, he didn’t realize the cabinet had a
combination lock. He tried Philips’ date of birth, 070746; it worked and the
cabinet opened. He removed the pistol from the cigar box, and felt its weight
in his right hand. It was a beautiful sight, engraved with the stage manager’s
initials, and a tooled leather handle making it easy to grip. Stuffing the
pistol into his pocket, he hurriedly tiptoed back upstairs.

Toward the end of Act III, the stage crew set up a night scene outside on a
bridge where Sykes stands to shoot Fagin. Sykes drew his prop pistol from
under his coat and pointed it to shoot Fagin. The phantom, standing on a
ladder at stage left, lined himself up at the correct angle and with perfect
timing shot and killed Jerry. As pandemonium ensued when the cast and soon the
audience realized Fagin had been shot for real, the phantom tried to slip out
of the theatre. Dropping the pistol from his black-gloved hand, he headed for
the nearest exit. However, from his perch at the back of the theatre, Jonathan
the critic spotted a person fleeing through the backstage door and gave
pursuit. He tackled the phantom in the alley behind the theatre and subdued
him. Soon after, the phantom was arrested and charged with the ATTEMPTED
murder of Jerry Stephenson who survived the single gunshot wound. The phantom
was no more. Opening night proved to be the phantom’s swan song.

**THE END...**

** I am open to any feedback readers have. I really enjoyed writing this particular story as I was a part of stage crew throughout my highschool career. I am planning to write more short stories such as this. I am also open to any suggestions that would make a good plot. Thank you so very mush for reading my work, I greatly appreciate your time and effort. I hope you enjoyed it and found it entertaining**

