### The Gables by AndrewJN

**Date Added:** 2013-05-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A cautious middle-aged cleaning lady discovers cocaine hidden in a large Los Angeles house she is emptying, and goes about locating and dealing with the criminals to whom it belongs. 

* * *

**The Gables**

A year ago I was cleaning house for three ladies including two writers, one of
whom had introduced me to the other. The first lady was a cheery divorcee who
sold magazine stories and had an alimony. The other was single, a worrier. She
tried to write movies and TV and spoke on the phone for forty-five minutes
each Friday with her shrink. My third lady was a legal secretary, pleasant and
businesslike. I also did errands for my sister, who is pretty and married
well.

After Easter, to make extra money and lower my expenses, I moved into a large
unoccupied house with the understanding that I would dispose of its contents.
It was in a neighborhood they call the Gables because many of the homes have
those upstairs windows that look like birdhouses. This is the house, with dark
wood and fancy glass, under thick palms with rustling rats, where I found the
drugs.

The man who let me stay in the house was a pilot with his own plane. He bought
and repaired boats with sea damage. He would fly to where they were – Florida,
Louisiana – hire crews to fix them, sell them for a profit. We met at the
animal hospital when I was putting down my sister’s cat. He assumed the cat
was mine. I told him I took care of practical things like the cat for
impractical people like my sister. He said my English was good and that I
looked like a person to be trusted.

The pilot’s father had passed. His house was full of collections of strange
things like New York restaurant menus, rocking horse heads with grinning teeth
and a canvas bag of brass doorknobs. One large box in an upstairs bedroom held
headphones for stereos, the kind from when they went over your ears. The foam
ear pouches had rotted so my finger could push through them. On high shelves
circling the kitchen were old cappuccino makers, sensual in copper and brass
with glowing curves and slender pipes. The electric cords on some were just
two wires twisted together. They could no longer be plugged in because all the
walls they used to be plugged into were gone. There were heavy wooden
fireplace chairs with wide ironing-board arms, sea chests, display cabinets
and footstools, wind-up record players, rattan bar stools and bamboo hat
racks, brass music stands and a coffee table made of Playboy photographs. You
try to imagine some people’s lives and you wonder.

The son with the airplane told me he had taken from the house all he wanted. I
was to stay for as long as it took me to sell or dispose of the rest:
refrigerators, rugs, board games, a pinball machine, chess boards, an oak
writing desk with secret compartments. I was to phone him my report every
week. When I’d emptied the father’s house – when the boxes of smooth-handled
woodworking tools were gone, and the kayak paddles, the three Singer benches
with black wrought iron bases but no sewing machines, and the boxes of Double
Your Sales Magazine, 1969-1976 – then I could stay another month while they
cleaned and painted. This was our agreement. I was to get half the money from
the sales, and I could have anything I wished to keep. I had no use for eight
microscopes or a suitcase with a leather belt around it full of glass squares
holding bee legs, Acacia pollen, dull yellow scraps of butterfly wing. But I
decided it was an adventure, a problem of a sort I had not faced before, and a
proof if one was needed that not all difficult challenges are bad life
experiences.

On the ground floor next to the kitchen, the house had a sauna, a small room
with benches and floors of cedar, and a metal cage filled with pockmarked
rocks. He said I could use this any time, but not to put water on the rocks
because the heater was electric.

In the beginning I kept some heavy picture books I liked: the Atacama Desert,
Japanese fish, churches of Rio De Janeiro. But after three weeks I began to
dream of starting a bonfire in the back yard and burning it all, the neat
clothes and heavy colorful blankets, the catalogues of farm equipment, antique
bubble gum dispensers, Chinese salt and pepper shakers. It’s more emotional to
get rid of a houseful of someone else’s belongings than you would think.

Judging from his pants and jackets the father had been tall. My own father was
a short man who died repairing a fence for a landowner, a farmer in Zacatecas,
where the fence had leaned during a week of storms. As he repaired it, the
fence was struck by lightning. My mother said his cause of death was not
having an education. She urged me to go to school once I reached California.
She didn’t realize that some places you go, you start from less than nothing.

With my half of the money from the piano I fixed my brakes. Ernesto used to
repair my car but he was jumping out of planes in Afghanistan. His fiancée
Giulia was over there working in an Army office. She wrote me letters, Ernesto
texted.

I found the cocaine the second week, in a green metal ammunition box pushed to
the back of a shelf in the garage. It was under a pile of lawn chairs with
straps frayed by the sun into brittle blue and white strands. Inside the green
box were ten paper envelopes of the kind that hold the extra buttons for a
jacket, sitting on top of twenty-seven plastic packets, each the size of two
decks of playing cards. The ammunition box had a closer that snapped down like
a mousetrap. I stood looking at it for a long time, then I returned it to the
garage shelf.

The next day I brought the green box to the kitchen, shut the curtains and
examined it closer. Beneath the sealed plastic packets was a round key like an
open fish mouth and a business card from a storage facility with a seven-digit
number written on the back. The first three numbers, 7-3-3, were circled with
the word BOX. After the numbers was a star and the word GATE.

I drove to the address in a large hat and gloves, parked on the street,
entered the number in the control box and pushed *. The gate moaned open. It
was a long new building with a smooth concrete drive dipping to center drains.
Signs on the walls told how to get a free month by telling friends. Cameras
were pointed at the doors and the ends of the halls. I was the only person in
the facility. I kept the brim of my hat low.

The fish-mouth key opened the lock of unit # 733. Inside were four shoeboxes
sealed with wrappings of brown tape. I slid them with my gloved hand to see
how much they weighed, then I put the lock back in the door and went home.

I was cleaning Mondays, Tuesdays and Fridays. On Wednesday, when I spoke to
the pilot about what he wished to do with a broken lawnmower, I asked what his
father had done for a living. He said he had been an insurance agent, over
thirty years with the same firm. Did he travel much? No, he said, he couldn’t
even get him up in his own plane. I thought, don’t people with planes
sometimes fly drugs into the country? But if the son knew the green box was
hidden in the house would he have invited a stranger to poke her nose through
everything?

That night, I put a Yellow Pages on the kitchen table with the police
department circled so if someone burst in I could say I was planning to turn
in the drugs. I had already looked up _cocaine test _on Ernesto’s old laptop.
The internet said to add a special chemical and compare the result to a color
chart. I had none of the chemical. I had tin foil, but nothing to measure the
temperature the powder melted at when heated on an open flame. I dropped some
in a drinking glass of Clorox, where it sank slowly, leaving jellyfish
tentacles. I saw no “dull-brick residue.” In a Teflon-coated kitchen spoon of
methyl alcohol ($3.99, Walgreens), the powder dissolved with nothing left.
This meant it had no sugar, but I needed a better test.

I removed three of the four shoeboxes from the storage locker, hid them and
the ammunition box in the shed behind my sister’s, bought a padded envelope
(Staples, $1.10) and put inside it the round key and a note with the address
and “Locker 733. DRUGS.” I mailed the envelope to the police. Two mornings
later there were two patrol cars outside A-Z Storage. Across the street I
bought a coffee and donut. An hour later there were three police and the Fire
Department. One of the police cars stayed all night.

This was my purity test.

I threw away my large-brim hat and the dress I wore to the storage facility.
No police came to the old man’s house. I decided, since the garage door was
old with no motor or lock, someone had used the house for a drugs hiding place
but had not come back to get them.

I waited three weeks, selling furniture, doing my cleaning. You can learn a
lot about a person by living among his things. Perhaps it was the piano and
the neat clothes, the books of crossword puzzles neatly completed in pen, but
I didn’t feel the pilot’s father was the kind of man who would sell drugs. The
kind who might attack a mechanic because he thought he had been sold a used
radiator, or who would punch a woman who tried to put a flyer on his
windshield. These were things my husband went to jail for. That’s how hot he
was to get out of this world.

The pilot’s father had a scale of the same kind the man in the _confitería_
used to weigh jelly beans when I was a little girl, with a wide steel scoop
like a baby’s bath that he lifted off the three metal prongs to pour the candy
into paper bags. The jelly bean scale said I had nearly five pounds in the
ammunition box and ten pounds in each shoe box. A story about an arrest at
Dallas-Forth Worth (AP News, Melissa Corcoran) said a woman had four pounds of
cocaine in her luggage disguised as chocolate. Her four pounds had a street
value of $130,000. I estimated the father’s cocaine at a million dollars.

The television lady I cleaned for was named Carolina. She was in her mid
thirties and put on and took off shawls as if deciding what to wear out, but
seldom left the house. She talked with all her fingers held up in the air. She
made me think of the girl in a _telenovela_ who makes bad decisions then
annoys the main women by pleading for their advice and never taking it. I made
up a story about a friend who had discovered stolen cocaine. My friend, I
said, had bad luck that wasn’t his fault and wondered how he should get rid of
the cocaine to turn his luck around. I told Carolina I had never seen any hard
drugs – which until recently was true – but this was a good friend with family
worries who needed help. Carolina looked scared for me, then there was a
different look. The next day my previous neighbor Jorge called during my
dinner to say the police had crashed my old apartment where a young black
couple with a baby lived now. They waited for the couple to come home then
asked if they had ever found drugs in the apartment. I had not told Carolina
that I had moved to the Gables. A telephone number I didn’t recognize began
calling my cell phone. I stopped cleaning for Carolina and her magazine
friend, threw away that phone and got a new one, _sin contrato, _from the
7-11. I had made a mistake but I learned from it. I always tell myself, be
aware. If you find your husband lying outside your apartment next to blood and
vomit, kick him first to see if he is alive. Before you act, know the
situation you are dealing with.

One evening when I came back from Goodwill a tall elderly white gentleman in a
suit with a green straw hat was sitting in one of the wicker couches on the
porch beside a light-brown girl in a nurse uniform. He said hello and told me
he used to live here. When I asked how long ago, he said five months. I hadn’t
realized the pilot’s father was not dead, he was living in Le Clare Point
Senior Residences. It surprised me that in my conversations with the son
nothing had made him correct me and say oh no, my father is alive.

He was ninety-one, he said, raising his hands as if to say, do you believe a
person can be that old? My own father died at thirty-eight. He had a wonderful
wide smile and loved to sing at night to me and my brother and little sister.
I worried that the old man would be shocked by how much of his furniture was
gone. But the girl, Carla, who had a poor complexion, darty green eyes and
black hair wrapped under a white hat, told me it was okay, _se entiende todo,_
and anyway he was in the stage of his life where he was _muy tranquilo_. From
her accent, she was Salvadoreña, the only country in the Americas using
Castilian Spanish: the _voseo_. It is a pretty dialect.

As the old man showed Carla his house, I mentioned I’d had to throw out some
things. He laughed a dry laugh and said, “Let me tell you something: I used to
be crazy. I should have thrown everything out years ago.” He showed me under
the stairs an electric bear fence he’d bought from a man in a hangar at the
Whiteman airport. It had two hundred yards of rolled-up wire, black with
silver threads like the hair of an old lady caught in a brush. He had been a
mountain camper, the man said, “and for my money you can’t be too safe.” I
told him I agreed with this sentiment.

Old people remind me of babies. I often think their souls are preparing to go
back. The pilot’s father looked around his own house nodding and smiling
approvingly, as if it might be a nice place to grow old, if he had not already
done that and found that even growing old comes to an end. The nurse whispered
to me the money from the house sale would be necessary to keep him in Le Clare
Point. He looked so peaceful with his thin skin and large eyes. He had let go
of something and found happiness. But whoever owned the drugs, if they didn’t
find them where they had been left, would look for me or for the old man. His
thin skin like glue poured on a bone would not be protection from the things
they would carry with them. His new address was in the public record. You
might ask, would they mess up a sweet old man? Let me tell you, people do
worse things.

When I asked if he had anything in a storage locker he waved his hand at the
mess in the front room and said welcome to his storage locker. Were there
perhaps things in the house I should not sell because he was holding them for
someone else? No, he said, everything was his and good riddance. We had tea
with his nurse and he went back to St. Clare Point.

The Bible gives me comfort and contains so many answers sometimes it takes a
while to find the right one. I found the Parable of the Shrewd Disciple (Luke
16: 8-13) showing how bad money turned to good ends can reveal to our gracious
Father how we have been instrumental in furthering His needs. I had noticed
some large blue tarpaulins still in their packaging among the boxes in the
garage. I moved the tarpaulins now to under the kitchen sink. It surprises me
to realize now that when I did this I did not have what I would call a plan.

Before he joined the Airborne, Ernesto and two of his high school friends had
had a marijuana run-in, but I had not known those boys, Marcos and Remy, or
their parents, except for seeing them in court. I texted Ernesto, and visited
the California State Prison where he told me Marcos was incarcerated. I took
cigarettes. I didn’t know what kind so I got Camels. Ernesto wore a yellow
jumpsuit with thick white seams that looked like he had been packaged for
transporting, as if he only needed stamps on his chest to be mailed far away.
He was tall, but not heavy or strong like my Ernesto. He had a sharp face, he
was a boy you would see in a movie planning something. The hair was patchy on
one side of his head and when he rolled up his yellow sleeves he had a burn in
a J. He wasn’t the scared, shy boy I had seen in Superior Court.

I took a small amount of cocaine to Lancaster in one of my socks like beach
sand. I tapped it on the table, pretending to make a point. Marcos wet his
finger, rubbed it on his gums and said this was good shit. I told him I had
thirty-four pounds, minus what I put in the Clorox. He leaned back in the
metal chair. I said I needed help moving it, and protecting myself from who
might come. He asked for more information: there were how many paper
envelopes? What did they weigh? I told him one-third to one-half as much as a
Panda Chinese mustard packet, which was 8 grams. A gram cost $60 on the street
(WikiAnswers) and people warned against paying less than $30 because this
means it has been cut. Mine, pure enough to excite three police cars and the
fire department, I priced at one hundred and fifty dollars an envelope.

Marcos said he would find out what he could and he told me next time
Marlboroughs.

During my next visit, Marcos said there was someone I needed to meet, and to
tell the person what I had told him. He told me where, and said the man
wouldn’t hurt me but don’t surprise him. I asked what he meant by that and he
said just don’t.

The address was on Western, above Western Lamps. I went up a stairway and
knocked. The man, Zac, seemed nervous, but after talking to him a little while
I felt the nervousness fit him, as though it expressed not so much an attitude
to the world in front of him as a fretful habit of mind. His apartment was
spare and cold. His internal thermostat was broken, Zac said, stomping his
feet on the floor as he walked to a rocking chair by the window. “The lamps,”
he said, pointing down to the store below us, “they burn through the ceiling
all day, all those bulbs, they never turn them off, I dream about them. I wish
they’d go out of business.”

He had short bristly hair and a silver dolphin earring. Very pale blue eyes
and delicate hands. With more weight he might have been handsome. He looked my
age, but with the drug use he could have been thirty. I have seen those meth
Before and Afters. Zac’s cold apartment had framed posters leaning on the
walls of churches in Italy and Spain with the blue washed out of them by
sunlight. I considered asking if he might want to buy something from the old
man’s house, maybe the table tennis, to use his nervous energy. He sat in a
rocking chair with new pink and white pillows on the seat and the back and
folded his hands in different shapes in his lap. He didn’t know my friend in
Lancaster, he said, only someone in a chain of people connecting them. I sat
on a wooden bench by the window with a long hinged seat. He asked about the
containers the drugs were in. I described the shoe boxes and the green
ammunition box as if these had only been described to me. I told him I was
just a go-between. I told him I had been told it was good shit. He asked if I
would like something to drink, then went in the other room and poured iced
tea. He said from what he had heard fifty pounds had gone missing. I said that
sounded right but due to an unforeseeable incident the police had ten pounds.
I had brought a calculator in my purse to convert pounds to kilograms (0.4535)
but Zac used pounds.

The man who had hid this cocaine, Zac said, was just a runner. The runner and
his boss had had _una discrepancia_ over a girl and the boss had begun to
distrust them both, runner and girl. Zac asked if I knew someone named
Maritza. I reminded him I was just a house cleaner. Okay he said. Two weeks
before Christmas there was a chase through the streets of East L.A. and
Glassell Park. The runner had escaped but was found at a gas station in New
Mexico and killed there. He didn’t have the drugs, just a small amount for his
own use. I took notes in an L.A. Raiders writing pad (Walgreens, $1.25). I
wrote: _Runner, Boss, Maritza, Chase, New Mexico._

The boss’s girl was back with him, Zac said, but things were not smooth
between them. For one thing, the girl insisted the runner had not intended to
steal, that he had only run because he was being chased. The boss was now
keeping an eye on the girl because he thought she had too much sympathy for
the dead runner. Also, that she might be looking for the drugs herself. I
asked Zac if this boss would pay a finders fee and if so how much. Zac stopped
rocking when I said finder’s fee and opened his mouth as if trying to remember
how to laugh. His eyes made crocodile slits. “How much,” he said, “is, he’ll
cut you up in pieces and scatter you all over the Southland. That is how
much.”

“Maybe someone else would be interested in buying what my friend found? Maybe
Maritza? Maybe you?” Zac held a disposable lighter to a pipe with a lion head.
“She has no money,” he said. “My feeling? The runner promised her half. No,
she wants it for nothing. And my money,” he said, sucking on the pipe, “goes
for air conditioning, as you see.” His windows facing the street were taped
shut. The floor vent whistled cold air.

“What does this Maritza look like?”

“Average-looking _chica_, I’m told. Black hair. Bad skin.”

The next day while I was in the old man’s driveway stacking things for Out Of
The Closet, Carla from the assisted care came again to ask if I had seen a
pair of brown slippers. She said she could look herself, since I was busy. I
told her she took very good care of the old man and she was welcome to look
around as I filled the back of my Subaru with candles in the shapes of animals
and wicker baskets. The drugs were in my sister’s shed. Over _limonadas _in
the front room I told Carla I hadn’t yet done the attic, which was messy. She
gave me her phone number and asked if while cleaning the house I had found any
strange objects. Pointing to the Singer sewing machine benches and the bear
dolls dressed in skirts and hats, I said it depended what you called strange.
Was there anything the old man wished me to look for, besides the slippers?

Yes, she said, there was something. A green metal box, with private papers he
had misplaced. She showed me the size with her hands and said it had letters
to women and other things the old man wanted no one to see, not even his son.
She said he had hidden it, then forgotten where when his mind started to
wander. I promised her if I found it I would not open it, and I quoted the
Bible about rendering to others the goods you owe them (Romans 13:7). This
pleased her.

After she left I replaced the light bulb in the ceiling of the sauna with a 14
watt and looked again under the stairs. It’s funny the preparations your mind
makes without letting you know.

I visited Zac again in his cold apartment. He walked me to a _taquería _for
burritos and described for me some clients the murdered runner had been
supplying. I hadn’t asked him for this information but made notes in my
Raiders booklet. There was a mother of two young boys with a broken leg, he
said, and a girl student from either Nepal or Tibet. He studied my face as I
wrote this down. An Army veteran; a black man who played drums. Another
musician, a guitarist with a house on stilts in the hills off Laurel Canyon.
Lawyers with offices downtown on Grand Street. An old man, at least eighty,
who bought small amounts to fight his depression over growing old. Zac heard
the runner had taken a liking to the old man, who reminded him of his father,
and had visited him even when he was not selling. I wrote: _Broken_ _Leg,
Tibet, Drums, Lawyer, Old Man._ I told him my friend who had found the drugs
believed he had also found Maritza. Zac leaned forward and told me to be
careful, she was the sort of person who thought everyone else was stupider
than her, an attitude, he said, that makes people dangerous. If Maritza
believed my friend and I had the product, he said, she would hurt us without
thinking twice. I asked, if she believed she had located what she was looking
for, would she tell the boss? He looked out the window and shook his head. No
way, he said. I asked him how he could be sure.

“_La codicia_ _es lo mas fiable que hay_,” he told me. Greed is as dependable
a thing as there is. When I wrote this down he laughed, amused by a cleaning
lady asking these questions. I asked him if some person, in exchange for all
of the drugs, might take care of everything and make the Maritza problem go
away. I wondered if this person would give my friend $200,000 from the
million. Zac said that was a lot of money.

Carla returned on a Tuesday, wearing jeans and a tight t-shirt with Los Lobos.
I had taken piles of heavy things from the garage and attic that I had
previously sorted and made them messy again to give her something to do. She
found nothing, but I had a chance to study her. She was proud of her slim,
tight body, the way she ran her hands over herself. She had cigarettes but
left them in her car and didn’t ask to smoke. She smiled at me as if I was her
new friend, but I know that smile.

The next day, Zac told me he had $150,000 for me and my friend, the most he
could get, any time we wanted to do this thing. He would take care of the
loose end, he said, so long as it was only Maritza. This was what I had hoped.
I phoned Carla’s cell and said I had found a green ammunition box behind the
water heater, with four heavy shoe boxes in a plastic garbage bag. I said I
would like to get them to the old man as quickly as possible for his peace of
mind and that there were gardeners at the house now but they would be gone and
I would be home in two hours. Then I called Zac again and told him the address
in the Gables. I would be there, I said, in one hour.

Zac parked his blue pickup five houses away and walked up the driveway wearing
a student backpack. In the front room he gave me the money in two Vons bags in
cash plus a binder of old coins in plastic cases that he said I could sell
online or at any coin store. Where is your boyfriend, he asked, and the
product? My boyfriend, I said, was watching, don’t worry about him. I took the
green metal box and one of the shoeboxes from the closet and let him cut the
tape off the shoebox. It had the same plastic packets inside. I told Zac he
must take care of Maritza before he got the rest, this was the deal. He was
sweating above his lip and in the hollow of his neck. He showed me the gun. I
gave him a face towel and told him to wrap the gun in it because he was going
to take care of her in a soundproof sauna. He appeared to think this was a
funny idea. Now his nervousness did not seem like a habit. I showed him where
in the sauna to put the towel with the gun, gave him a second towel and told
him to undress. He didn’t even ask a question.

When Maritza arrived, carrying a long duffel bag, I told her in the entry
hallway, “I opened your boxes.” She stared for a long moment, then put one
hand on her hip. I said, “My boyfriend would like to buy it off you. Three
hundred thousand dollars.” I showed her Zac’s Vons bags, and the coins in the
plastic cases. The green ammunition box. “This is half,” I said. “He is in the
kitchen and wants no surprises, so we three must do the exchange, all the
money for all the drugs, completely _desnuda_.” Her eyes went wide. “What the
fuck are you talking?” I began to take off my shirt. “I will be naked too,” I
told her. “There is no shame, we will talk business naked. This is how
everyone can have trust, so no surprises are hidden in a pocket.” I stepped
out of my pants. She was leaning on the wall. “_Chiflada_,” she said. Crazy.
Carla, I told her, touching her arm, “think of it as a bonus for Zac,
something he can remember a long time.” She pouted and chewed the skin on one
finger. I was naked and goose-pimpled. “Okay,” she said, eyeing the green box
and the bags full of money. “_Pero rápidamente_.”** **

I walked her through the large cold house to the kitchen, where Zac stood in
his bathtowel, and put the drugs and money on the table. I had not been naked
in front of another person in ten years. “We will talk in the sauna,” I told
them. “Everyone comes out healthy and happy.” Zac looked at my naked body. I
am stout but I have held together. Maritza shook her head and began taking off
her clothes, watching Zac’s reaction. Her breasts were high and fine. She
dropped her shirt on the kitchen floor, her face defiant. “Now you.” Zac
untied his towel. He was hard – I don’t flatter myself, it was from looking at
her. I opened the sauna door. Inside it was hot and dark but I could see his
towel with the gun on the upper bench.

We all went in, Zac carrying the money and Maritza/Carla carrying the green
metal box. I showed them the temperature, set low at 140. As they sat down I
stepped outside, jammed the door with the kayak pole and turned on the bear
fence.

I had staple-gunned the wire into the notches between the cedar boards making
up each bench and across the floor. Also, up the door. I tested it the day
before with wet cloths and a head of lettuce. A power box of this sort keeps
on delivering (one 150-millisecond pulse/second, 4,000 volts) until you shut
it off. Bears who smell food can be persistent. For two naked people there was
no avoiding the electricity. One muffled gunshot sounded behind the heavy
door. As the transformer buzzed I thought of lightning striking a fence in
Zacatecas.

I dragged them in the blue tarpaulins to their own cars, which I pulled into
the empty garage. I left the cars, the bodies and the gun several miles away,
parked side-by-side beneath a freeway ramp, and walked back to the house in
the Gables. Nobody in Los Angeles thinks anything of a middle-aged Latina
walking down a street alone. The newspapers made a fuss for a while about two
bodies, a fired gun and no bullet holes (Zac missed) but the story died out.

Nobody else came to the house in the Gables. Marcos’s lawyer accepted his cut
with no questions. I told the pilot’s son a set of old dishes from the house
had been valuable and the buyer wished to be anonymous. He didn’t believe me
but he took the money. I hope it went to his father. He who does not provide
for his parents is worse than an unbeliever (1 Timothy 5:8). I put aside one
small packet of product for myself in case I feel sad about growing old. I
live modestly and don’t clean houses any more. I am making other arrangements.

