### I Can't Believe You.. -Part One- by Skyler_Beifong

**Date Added:** 2013-05-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A 17- year old girl named Ava has had a tragic day.. or tragic days, I should say. 

* * *

It was a dark day, with flashing red and blue lights everywhere. Ava was
sitting in her room, with bloody tears flying everywhere. "How could he do
this to me?!" She opened her window, and climbed down to the flashing scene.
There stood the criminal, smirking as he was lead to the police car. Ava
stomped over to the window, and just stared at him. "At least you were taken
to a better place," he coldly snickered. Ava started flooding with anger, and
pounded on the door, trying to break the car open to teach him a lesson. "YOU
SICK, DARK, USING _IDIOT_!" Ava's mom rushed over to her. She wrapped her arms
around the weak girl, looking up into the sky. "Ava, honey, go back into the
house." Ava sadly looked up at her mother, and did what she was told.  
She climbed back into her room, and just played Temple Run on her phone. It
then paused, and a text message appeared.  
"Dude! What's happening? :O" Ava glanced at the text, and started bursting
into tears again. "Julie would never understand." Ava turned off the lights in
her room, and wiggled into her messy bed, crying herself to sleep.

The next day, Julie went to Ava's house. She climbed up the wall, and knocked
on her window. Nothing except for snoring. "Wake up, sleepyhead!" she yelled,
laughing. Ava woke up, startled. She rubbed her eyes to see more clearly. She
saw Julie, and opened the door. Julie greeted her with a smile, but Ava
greeted her with a frown. "What happened yesterday, Ava?" Julie frowned,
hugging Ava. "Something happened," Ava started, "..and it had to do with the
football star." Julie gasped. "_Aaron_?" "Yes, _Aaron_." Ava sadly whispered.
"Let me tell you what happened..." Ava coughed. "....but you have to PROMISE
not to tell ANYONE." Julie nodded in sorrow for Ava.  
  
_________________________________________________2 weeks
ago____________________________________________________________  
  
It was a typical high school day. Ava and Julie were at lunch, when Aaron
walked up to them. "H- Hi, Aaron!" Julie's eyes sparkled in awe. "Hi.." Ava
awkwardly waved as her cheeks transformed into a bright pink. "Hey, Julie &
Ava. Can I sit with y'all today? I'm not in the mood to sit with those
prankster jerks." Julie's cheeks glowed as bright as the sun, and pulled him
over to the lunch table, acting like a barrier between me and Julie. Ava
decided to move on the other side, throwing away the rest of her lunch in
disgust of Julie's love for Aaron. "Guys, don't even _think-" _Ava glared at
them. Julie had already started_ flirting_  
with Aaron. "Are you guys even listening to me?! Hello??" Ava sighed. "Oh,
yeah, lunch's over. C'mon, Julie." Ava pulled one of Julie's dirty blond
ponytails over to the door. "Wait!" Aaron ran in front of Ava. "I need to ask
you something.." Ava rolled her eyes, acting like she had no interest in him.
"What?" Aaron's cheeks flushed into a strawberry red. "Will you go to prom
with me?" Ava's jaw dropped. "WHAT?! ME?! I THOUGHT YOU LIKED JESSICA!
COULDN'T YOU ASK HER?! OR MARISA?!" she screeched. "Eh, they're too spoiled."
Aaron chuckled. "Think about it." He walked away, and gave a smile away to
her. "Wow.." Ava thought. Julie then just popped out of nowhere. "You
coming??" she asked. Ava nodded her head, smiling as the light reflected off
of Aaron's stormy black hair.

