### The Taunter by Grisly_Bear

**Date Added:** 2013-06-16. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A short story about a psychotic vigilante, and his manipulative social life. 

* * *

"That B*tch." he thought. "That B*tch is getting it." With each angry thought,
his fists clenched harder, his footsteps became heavier until he was stamping
down the dark, sparsely lit street. "You'd think she could muster up an ounce
of intelligence and go sleep at someone else's, so she can stop bothering me."
he muttered. As he approached a crossing, a pair of unbearably bright lights
were thrown up to his scowling expression, one of which quickly turned to
terror. He leapt just far enough so as to only take a glancing blow from the
bonnet of the car, throwing him sprawling across the kerb. The speeding
vehicle had screeched off by the time he ame to his senses. "*rse-hole!" was
his immediate exclamation.

Minutes later, the furious drunken man appaered at the doorway to his tiny
semi-detached lair. A Fearful, pallid-faced woman was crouched beneath the
porch, red lines upon her face where she had obviously been crying.
"Michael..." she whimpered, "Michael, please don't be mad...". But it was
clear that there was no begging her way out of this one.

"YOU F*CKING WH*RE!"

"Michael please..."

"NO, ELSA, NO! IT'S TEN O'CLOCK, FOR GOD SAKE!"

"I'm sorry Michae-"

"Did it even _occur _to you that i might be doing something else?", he grabbed
her throat, spitting the words in her face. Tears of fear were springing from
her eyes and rolling down her face as he pushed her down the steps and into
the lightless fetid alley beside the house. "A _pint_? With my _friends_,
perhaps? An evening with some people more_ important_ than yourself?". He
threw her down to the cracked, filthy concrete that paved the ground.

He raised his fist, leaving it lingering in the air for a moment or so, making
her shake in anticipation. It came hurtling down into her forehead, slamming
her further downwards and producing yet more salty tears. Another, just like
the last, just as a scorpion lifts it's tail before striking. Another, and
another, punch after punch after punch, raining down upon her like meteors. It
seemed like an age before it stopped. He knelt, exhausted. Her breathless,
twitching body lay before him.

As he turned and stumbled toward his front door, leaving her lying on the
ground next to the dustbin, a shape formed itself from a shadow cast by the
heaps of refuse. It stood briefly over the almost motionless body, before
striding purposefully toward the hunched drunken brawler. Michael turned, and
felt ice grip his throat, just as he had minutes before. A blade presented
itself before his eyes, poised above him in a brief moment of irony. It
descended, slowly, agonisingly. The descent was as painful as the brutal cut
that was dragged out over his lips, down the side of his neck and across his
shoulder, winding down his arm before finally thrusting into his chest.
Michael's resistance lessened quickly, as his vision darkened on a view of a
crooked smile.

~~~~

NEXT, A SPECIAL SURRISE FOR MICHAEL.

