### Lola by Irishrose

**Date Added:** 2013-07-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A transgender abduction...or is it? 

* * *

Lola

He who is almost a she, takes the mascara from its tube, and starts stroking
his eyelashes, laying on layers of colour. He never feels so relaxed, so at
ease, as during the transformation. He looks into his eyes, emerging large and
lustrous with powder and paint, applies the lipstick, smacks his lips together
and smiles at his image.

A small blonde haired child stands in the doorway of the bedroom, watching. ‘
me want thum mmmm… ‘ the child purses its lips in imitation.

‘no darling, you’re beautiful as you are, now lets brush your hair’

The brush glides easily through the blonde curly hair, they survey each other.
‘Loolla’ says the child.

‘Yes, my lovely Lola’. He slips his feet into the specially ordered heeled
shoes, and pirouettes in front of the full length mirror, smoothing down the
pencil slim skirt, adjusting bra straps, and pulling the cashmere jumper into
shape. ‘Hello Beatrice’ he murmurs to himself.

He who is now a she, collects the suitcase from the hallway. He places the
carefully written letter to his wife, on the hallstand. A dear Jane letter,
explaining, apologising, but no regrets, he cannot, must not, lose this, his
child, to his wife.

Taking the child by the hand, they leave through the front door, and step into
the waiting taxi. ‘Kings Cross Station’ he orders.

He feels anxious at this leaving, and holds the child close on his lap. ‘
we’re going to fly, fly away, to a place called Thailand, and, have… a little
operation…and then I’ll be your Mummy..’ the final step, for both of them.
Then I might have my own child, I will be a mother ‘what’s that mate’ says the
taxi driver , he didn’t realise that he had spoken out loud, ‘I am the mother’
he says, ‘right mate ok- on yer way to Heathrow are yer....’

‘Oh er yes, we’re mm having a short break ’

The radio in the cab crackles, ‘yeh.. ok, ohhh right....got that, yeh, be at
Kings Cross in ten minutes, going to Heathrow….’

The crush and rush of an early evening Kings Cross crowd press around them as
he hauls the cases and the child onto the train. The First class carriage is
almost full, and they sit opposite two middle aged women. As the train pulls
out, Beatrice tries to relax, wishing they were already on the plane, not long
now, soon, I am a woman now, no-one knows me as a man, a new life, I am a
woman. She opens her eyes smiles at the women opposite. They converse about
fashion, food, children, and with each turn of the wheels of the train, with
each turn of the conversation, she feels more relaxed.

The child sleeps, then wakes, then engages the women opposite with lisped
sentences and out bursts of laughter. The women sigh and smile, ‘what a pretty
dress, would you like a sweet?’. One of them rummages through her bag and
produces a tiny fairy doll, ‘here would you like to play with this’. The doll
is grabbed, and the head pulled off. Beatrice lurches across ‘that’s not
nice…’ she sticks the head back on and hands it to the woman, ‘so sorry, too
much television..’

The train heaves to a stop. On the station platform there are two uniformed
policemen, with two plain clothes officials. The voice of the on board
announcer crackles over the air ‘there will be a short delay at this station,
refreshments are available….’ . The women collaborate on theories ‘perhaps
there’s’ a criminal on board, an escaped convict, or maybe drugs’.

Beatrice feels a bead of sweat on her top lip. The Police enter the carriage,
and walk through, looking at each person. They survey Beatrice and the child,
and the two women. ‘Not there’ one of them mutters, ‘we’re looking for a boy’,
they pass down the carriage, ‘taxi-driver must have got it wrong’ says the
policeman, and turns back through the train.

‘well must be time for a nappy change,’ Beatrice stands with her bag, reaches
across and picks the child up. Swaying down the carriage, he reaches the baby
changing facility, and gratefully enters the enclosed space. He leans against
the door and sighs with relief. ‘Come here darling, lets have a nice clean
nappy on’.

Beatrice straps the child onto the changing table, takes off the nappy. ‘Now
just play a minute while Mummy takes a pee, you’ve got plenty to play with’.
He is light headed and giggly with relief. He stands to pee. ‘I’ll soon have
to sit’, he giggles, ‘after Thailand we both will’ .

There is a movement at the door, he has forgotten to lock it. It slides open,
revealing a social worker and a policemen behind her. They look at the child,
the policeman turns back and shouts to his colleague, ‘they’re here, man and
boy’.

Beatrice crumples. ‘Loolla’ says the child.

