### A Set-Up by KiwiMuser

**Date Added:** 2013-08-04. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Eddie invites the female officer manager for a drink but she takes him to a seedy hotel where rooms can be hired for a couple of hours and the result is not one that the reader might expect. 

* * *

Something was up with Mrs Little, thought Eddie Holst, watching the office
manager walk to the toilet and at the door she turned to shut it and looked
straight at him. He stared back and she closed the door while still looking at
him, at him and no one else.

Eddie’s cock tightened in his underpants a little. He’d call that pre-erection
and worried about the way Mrs Little was reacting to him.

Eddie, the new manager of IT at law firm Rowling, Putt and Sutton, waited
until Mrs Little returned to her office and went to her.

“Is your perfume White Lace?”

She looked surprised and said no but that was a perfume her mother sometimes
used.

“Mine too.”

She said suspiciously, “Why are you talking to me?”

“Well how to answer that without offending you. I er wondered if you’d like to
join me for a drink somewhere after work today.”

She looked at him a little sharply and said she was married and he said so was
he and that left her a little nonplussed until he pushed.

“Okay if you don’t wish to offer a hand of friendship to me a newcomer, then
that’s fine.”

He turned and was a few steps away when she called, “What time?”

“I’ll meet you on the front steps to this building at 5:30 and we can wander
off somewhere.”

“Other staff members will see us.”

“That’s okay isn’t it unless you are planning to commit a crime or have this
desire to seduce me?”

She coloured.

“Sorry I wasn’t to know you were a little short on humour.”

Eddie saw her eyes flash and he said quickly, “Oh there I go again, digging a
deeper hole for myself. I apologize.”

“Apology accepted. I’ll be on the front steps just after 5:30.”

Mrs Little, who was about his age, thirty-six, came down the steps and smiled
and Eddie said, “Just walk beside me leaving a little gap between us and don’t
look back and any of the departing staff who look at us will spot nothing
untoward.”

“Are you practised at conducting assignations?”

Eddie almost dropped his computer bag in surprise. He’d not expected Mrs
Little to be so direct or to even think of being involved in meeting someone
covertly to commit adultery.

“Yes,” he said thinking there was no point in being evasive.

“Good,” Mrs Little said. “I don’t seek involvement with nervous dopes. Turn
left up ahead and then first right where there’s a hotel that hires rooms for
a couple of hours at 35% of the overnight room rate with a bottle of wine
included.”

Eddie, surprised she’d taken control, said that sounded fine.

They sat drinking a mid-quality bottle of South Australian red and she said,
“You may call me Thelma.”

“Thanks Thelma.”

“Do you wish to see my breasts?”

He made no reply but had them displayed anyway.

“Eddie we can meet here often if you wish, say a couple of times a week.”

“That sounds good,” he said encouragingly.

“Well my husband is lousy at sex and I adore fucking.”

“You look as if you are a real goer. Do you take it up the arse?”

“Um yes and more often than not no, but for you Eddie yes. You see I’m putting
money aside because I wish to dump my life here and go to London to live where
I have several friends.”

“Good for you.”

“Um Eddie, there’s a small problem in my plan and you may have seem me looking
at you trying to assess you. You see Eddie you have me worried.”

“What do you think my dick will be too big for you?”

“What? Oh I’m not talking about that; I’m worried about whether I should trust
you.”

Eddie scratched behind an ear and said well that was something Thelma had to
decide for herself.

“Can’t you help me?”

He asked how?

She said, watching him closely, “By saying I can trust you.”

“Thelma, what’s the point of that?” Eddie countered. “You can ask anyone for
assurances and if they respond to your satisfaction, how are you to know
whether they are being truthful or lying?”

She said he was making things difficult for her.

“Well don’t say anything more, let’s finish this bottle and then fuck.”

“The money I’m putting aside is the law firm’s money. I have transferred
amounts of money from various trust accounts to my bank account in small
parcels so the amounts withdrawn fall under the electronic monitoring system
designed to instantly pick up non-scheduled withdrawals in excess of $10,000.”

“Gee that’s a crafty system.”

“Indeed it is but aren’t you surprised by my admission?”

“Not really. A few people do stuff like that all the time.”

“Well I trust you to keep quiet about this. I’ve taken $140,000 so far and
when I’ve milked a total of 200 G’s then that’s it and I’m out of here. My
concern is when you are due to check my laptop routinely you could perhaps
accidentally discover I have unauthorized access to trust accounts.”

“And what would you expect me to do if I found that security breach?”

“Blow the whistle on me.”

“And why would I go that?”

“Oh I see. Well that neutrality makes me greatly relieved. I expect you’ll
want to receive payment from me?”

“No because that would be unethical of me.”

“Oh god, then you think I’m guilty of theft as a servant?”

“Thelma, please don’t over-react. I’m not accusing you of any such thing. I
mean where’s the proof of what you claim you have been doing? I certainly have
seen no evidence. You of all people should know that.”

Thelma stood and put on her bra and said, “I’m sorry, I’ve gone off the boil
and you should go. You can leave now.”

“Thelma I don’t know what I’ve done…”

“I said I’ve gone off the boil and you should go. Just go.”

Eddie looked suitably annoyed and left and settled into a bar two blocks away
and made an important phone calls.

Meanwhile Thelma returned to her office where she worked carefully making
twenty transfers from the law firm’s trust accounts to her own bank account.
All of the amounts were just below $10,000 to come in under the threshold of
detection monitoring and varying each by a few dollars and cents to avoid
systematic withdrawals for same amounts coming under scrutiny. She finished,
having added a further $195,000- plus of unauthorised withdrawals to her
personal bank account.

Thelma carrying her laptop had just shut the door of her office, leaving on
the lights because a team of cleaners was in the building, when from an office
opposite came one of the law firm’s partners accompanied by two security
guards and two guys in suits who Thelma had never seen before.

The law firm’s partner Mr Sutton-Jones said sternly, “Hand me your laptop
Thelma.”

She pressed it to her body and said no.

Mr Sutton-Jones turned to one of the suited guys and nodded and the man said,
“Mrs Little, I’m Senior-Sergeant Brian James Scott of the city’s police fraud
squad from Ripley Police Headquarters and beside me is one of my squad
associates Sergeant Tom Farmer. I am arresting you on suspicion of fraud
involving removal of approximately $330,000 from trust accounts administered
by your employer, Rowling, Putt and Sutton. Please hand me your laptop that we
suspect is materially connected to this alleged systematic theft of trust
funds by you that we have just finished recording your latest transactions.”

Thelma, crying, handed over the laptop and was read her rights and was then
taken off to police headquarters. She was puzzled about what the hell had gone
wrong to her meticulously plan to remove funds from the company and to
disappear with the loot where she could not be found.

The answer came when her prosecution was underway in court.

A guy was called as a witness and Thelma was astonished to see that he was the
IT guy Eddie Holst.

But the guy gave his name as Eddie Simpson and described himself as a
registered private investigator who’d been engaged by the law firm to see what
he could find out about Thelma Elaine Little’s actions and motives as the
person suspected of deceptively and fraudulently removed trust account monies
for her personal gain.

“You bastard, you suckered me,” she shouted and the judge sternly orderly her
to maintain silence in the court.

Thelma wept, once again telling herself she’d been only hours away from
leaving the country and at midnight on the evening of her arrest, her bank
account would have been closed as instructed after funds were distributed to a
number of accounts she’d opened in the UK.

“Go fuck yourself,” Thelma yelled, when Eddie began giving evidence under
questioning by the prosecutor.

The judge frowned but remained silent because by then Thelma was hunched up
and shaking as she wept.

(((**The End**)))

