### Copperas Cove by Lonestar76

**Date Added:** 2013-08-05. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A retired hit man finds extortion in his future 

* * *

Copperas Cove

The stillness was not uncommon to the nights in Copperas Cove. It was the lack
of insect song, which accompanied nightfall that was unusual on that night.
Michael stepped off his motorcycle and went inside the house. His usual
routine, he removed his black leather jacket, hung it up by the door, threw
his keys onto the table and made a straight turn into the kitchen where he
poured himself a drink. Not one step different this night until he drew the
glass to his lips and looked up to see the back door ajar and swaying in the
near, nonexistent breeze. His pause pulled his foot one step back as he stared
down the uneasy observance. Michael cautiously put the glass down onto the
counter seconds before the cold metal of a 45 was pushed into his head. With
one hard, dry swallow he held his hands upward in front of him. A newly
retired hit man, in all his years never had he been in such a situation and
even now, he thought, what cruel twist of fate this was.

“You have something that does not belong to you.” The dry voice said behind
him.

“Tell me what it is so you can get the hell out of my house.” He responded
like the smart ass he was.

“Oh no, you’re coming with me. Someone wants to talk to you.” The voice
insisted.

“Na, I’m not going anywhere with you.” Michael shook his head before turning
in the opposite direct of where he felt the pistol and cast the intruder’s arm
to the side, pushing the gun away from him. He grabbed the intruder’s arm with
one hand and his shoulder with the other; he pushed it outward and twisted it
around until he was standing behind him, turning the tables. Michael then
swiftly kicked the intruder behind his knees, knocking him to the ground while
still holding his arm. In attempts to disarm him the intruder yanked Michael
closer, giving his arm slack enough to twist his elbow back around. Pivoting
on his knee he turned and grabbed ahold of Michael’s forearm pulling himself
back up. Michael’s quick reaction was a powerful blow to the intruder’s temple
with his fist just as the gunman twisted his wrist free from between Michael’s
thumb and fingers, pulled his arm outward and struck Michael’s head with the
gun. Blood dripped to the wood floor. The two were face-to-face, arms spread
out and crouched slightly. The intruder aimed the pistol at Michael’s abdomen
and pulled the trigger. The gun was rendered useless, ‘what luck’ Michael
thought as he leaped on the man and pushed his body backward into the stove.
The intruder’s back cracked and with a holler Michael snatched ahold of his
coat, picked his body up off the ground and threw him sideways towards the
kitchen table. The intruder’s hands opened up and reached outward to catch
himself as the gun flew from his hand and slid across the wood floor. Not one
second was missed as Michael stormed toward the man. The intruder stood
straight up and swiftly moved around the table to the opposite side. With
Michael’s adrenalin feeding his strength, he ran after the perpetrator and
allowed his momentum to slam into the kitchen table, which flew painfully into
the intruder’s groin, throwing him through the large kitchen window.
Shattering of glass ruled the quiet Copperas Cove night followed by the
distant dogs barking.

The unwelcomed intruder’s legs laid motionlessly bent over the window frame
with his toes pointed straight up. Laying flat on his back, it was obvious to
Michael this man was out cold. He spun around on the wood floor and ran into
the bedroom where he kept his pistol. The same reliable pistol he used on his
last several jobs. He tucked it into his waist, grabbed his leather jacket and
keys by the door, wrapped his hand around the door knob, twisted that damn
door knob in attempts to walk away from everything only to feel his heart sink
into the pit of his stomach at what his eyes beheld on the other side of the
door. Two large black SUVs with pitch-black windows sat outside his residence.
He knew exactly who it was and what this meant. There was no more playing
around, there was no getting out of this situation, the moment had begotten
the serious nature of the last two jobs he had completed.

An evening of heart-pounding, adrenalin-surged fighting fell quickly to a
seriously silent foreboding. Michael didn’t even bother to close the front
door. He walked straight down the walkway to the SUVs that sat waiting for
him, which was possibly the longest walk in his life. He approached the rear
passenger side window and stood quietly, waiting for a resolution. A sudden
tug at his belt gave cause for him to turn sharply only to see his pistol in
the hands of the intruder, who was glistening in the street light with tiny
shards of glass. The sound of a car door opening caused him to pivot back
around to see a stranger of immense stature holding a shotgun in one hand and
the opened door in the other.

“Get in.” the voice demanded from inside the darkened vehicle. The large man
with the shotgun pushed Michael in towards the car when all too quickly
Michael grabbed his arm and pushed it away. Two quick punches between the two
ended when the shotgun rose to Michael’s face.

“Get in the fucking car.” The voice became irritated.

Michael took a side step, grabbed ahold of the shotgun, pulled it away from
the man’s shoulder and slammed the butt of it into the man’s chin. Without a
second wasted, the shotgun’s barrel flew into Michael’s throat rendering him
unable to breathe long enough for the two men to pick him up and toss him into
the vehicle.

Upon departure, the silhouette spoke harshly as Michael attempted to catch his
breath and his composure.

“Now that I have your devout attention...” he paused as Michael sat up, “I
will divulge the details that will accompany you the rest of your life. Or
should I say, my life. I own you. Your soul is mine. Everything you have,
everything you are is now owned by me.” He breathed.

“Fuck you.” Michael’s mouth moved without a thought involved.

“You have the gun?” the silhouette turned to the intruder, which handed over a
large plastic baggie containing Michael’s gun. The pistol was held up while
the big cat spoke, “The same gun that executed two government officials, the
same bullets and laced with your finger prints. Oh and you haven’t viewed
yourself on video footage yet. Well, I have that too.”

“You set me up?” Michael’s nostrils flared with hatred.

“Two birds with one stone Michael. That’s how business is done.”

The silence dominated the space within the vehicle while Michael’s mind raced
with one hundred ways he was going to kill that man. The singular moment of
simple silence exchanged itself for words of condemnation.

“From today forward you do as I say. If you even think about crossing the
border into Mexico I will show no mercy on you. My people are everywhere.
Mexico is no exception.” He spoke bluntly.

Michael sat in glaring silence.

They arrived to a large, well-lit property with a circular driveway, crowed
with various individuals of significant stature. Several of them brandished
firearms in plain view. They stood by the doorway, waiting for them to get out
of the vehicles. As Michael stepped out and onto the cement he could here male
voices calling out, “Ah fresh blood boys!” and “He looks scared…ha ha ha!”
another voice yelled, “Pretty boy!”. Michael’s reputation was obviously
unknown to them and with this being his new entourage he knew he would have to
prove himself. The anger was already bleeding into his tissues, strangulating
what little humanity he had left inside and blackening his mind with insidious
rage.

Big cat stepped up along side Michael and unpleasantly spat, “Welcome to
hell.”

