### Syndicate Pt 6 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2013-08-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The intricacies of a crime Syndicate run by Kieran O'Meara are fragile and numerous... 

* * *

Riley was growing restless. They had been discussing their course of action
for nearly three hours now. Deciding which kind of warning to send to Ad Hoc
proved to be harder than they thought. Every little thing had an implication.
Riley knew Will was trying to avoid war as much as possible. Who could blame
the guy though? If it did come to war, Will would be the one who would have to
deal with everything. Kieran usually just made executive decisions, while Will
had to manage so many other things. Riley rubbed his forehead. It was now
nearing evening. Their stomachs were beginning to rumble, which is perhaps why
tensions were mounting.

“No. No violence toward their living assets,” Will said to Brennan. Riley
noticed Brennan couldn’t empathize with Will’s situation. He just kept pushing
violence.

“What else then? They seem to be content just taking our drugs and kicking our
asses. Who knows if they even have any of their own? Maybe they’re going to
slowly drain us of our income.” Brennan responded.

“Don’t be ridiculous.”

“Is it easy having your job and being a pacifist, Will?” Brennan smirked at
Will. Will slammed his good fist on the arm rest and stood, both fists
clenched.

“You’ll be kissing my ass before this is through,” Will spat back.

“Will!” Kieran scolded. Will looked over at his friend. Kieran shook his head,
so Will backed down and slowly sat again. Riley personally wouldn’t want to
fight Will- even if he was injured.

“…Like his injured-ass could hurt me,” Brennan said to himself.

“Brennan, don’t tempt me to let him, because, I assure you, he could,” Kieran
responded. The rest of the men in the room snickered. Brennan pouted.

And then, high pitched very loud noises filled the air. The sounds were
followed by other sounds, like, windows breaking and men screaming. Will and
the others instinctively hit the ground. But Kieran couldn’t. He was still in
his chair. Riley watched as Will crawled over to his friend, while Kieran
unbuckled the belt keeping him in the chair. Will was about to pull his friend
down, when Kieran’s head was thrown to the side, and he went tumbling from the
chair. He was hit. Will screamed, and hurried to Kieran’s side. Riley crawled
over as well, following Will’s lead.

“Shit! Kieran!” Will screamed, grabbing his friend. Kieran moved, pushed
himself up on his elbows to look at Will. Riley could’ve cried he was so
happy. The right side of Kieran’s face had been grazed by the bullet. It had
run along his cheek and taken off a part of his ear, but he was okay. Blood
ran down his face.

Kieran was okay, but nonetheless, Will looked extremely pissed off. Riley
watched as Will pulled out a gun from his ankle holster with his good hand.
Will looked at Riley and Murphy and nodded towards the front room. Riley
nodded back, but Murphy seemed frozen solid. So Riley followed Will out into
the front room. The shooting had stopped. All the windows had been broken in.
All the men were on the floor, either wounded or covering their head
defensively.

Will signaled to Riley to head towards the front door. Riley did as he was
ordered. Will was his superior. Riley got into position next to the front
door. He pulled out a pistol from his shoulder holster and looked back to
Will. Will was peeking out the window cautiously. Nothing happened as he
surveyed the outside surroundings. Finally, he gave Riley the signal to move
out. Riley’s arms were shaking, but he opened the door slowly. Unfortunately,
the guards outside were dead. Riley was crouched down, and swung out into the
doorway, holding his pistol out in front of him. It was completely silent on
the street other than a dog barking. Riley stood, and pushed the door open the
rest of the way to look over at Will. When Will made eye contact, Riley
nodded.

“Okay,” Will spoke. “Seems to be all clear.”

A gunshot rang through the air. The men all covered their heads again, and
Will dropped to the floor. Riley, though, felt a searing pain ripping through
the flesh on his right leg, sending him spinning. He crashed into the
doorframe and leaned over to grab his leg. Sticky wetness crept through his
fingers. He had been hit. Upon further investigation, Riley noticed it was
shallow.

“Get down!” Will yelled to Riley.

“Not necessary,” Riley responded. “The shot came from in here.” Riley looked
around the room and spotted a man close to his right whose hands were shaking
and gun was smoking. The rest of the men looked at him.

“I- I’m so sorry…” the man stuttered, he was pale, and staring at the rip in
Riley’s jeans which was staining his calf red.

“Go home,” Riley said to the man, sighing. The man ran out the door and
disappeared into the night. The idiot had basically pissed himself. Riley’s
men were starting to make him look bad. Will walked over to Riley.

“You okay?” Will asked.

“Just a scratch,” Riley replied. Will nodded and headed back into Brennan’s
office. Riley limped after him. The men were beginning to stand up and come to
their senses.

Brennan and Murphy were helping Kieran back into his chair. He was holding a
cloth to the side of his face, trying to slow the bleeding. The cloth was
stained red. Riley could see that Will was concerned. He was so busy noticing
Will’s concern that he almost didn’t realize Kieran was staring at his leg.

“What happened?” Kieran asked Riley.

“It was-“

“A hit in the line of duty,” Will cut Riley off. Kieran nodded to Riley.

“Good job,” Kieran said to them both.

“We have to get you to the hospital to get stitches,” Will said to Kieran.

“The bleeding will stop,” Kieran shrugged it off. Will crouched down so he was
eye level with his friend.

“Kieran, the bleeding hasn’t even slowed.”

Kieran was silent for a long moment. “Alright. Riley, come with us. You need
medical attention as well.”

They left the warehouse heavily guarded. The chauffeur had been killed in the
shooting. Will sighed wearily. There was much to be done. Brennan had followed
them out to the car. Riley left Will to give instructions while he and Murphy
helped Kieran into the backseat of the car. Brennan’s men took the chauffeur
out and put him with the dead guards. Riley climbed in back with Kieran, while
Murphy got in the driver’s seat and Will sat in the passenger seat.

On the way to the hospital, Riley was so tired he almost fell asleep despite
his bleeding wound.

** * * ***

Lia was worried. She had been worried all day ever since Kieran had left. She
tried to hide it from Lilly, tried to hide the sinking feeling in the depths
of her gut. But at times, Lia had inkling that Lilly felt it too. They played
in the garden after being dropped off at the mansion again. Lia and Lilly
played hide and seek for a while; until Lilly was tired. Then Lia put Lilly to
sleep for a nap and had dinner made for when she woke up. After dinner it got
dark, and they watched a Disney movie in Lilly’s play room. Even at a young
age, Lilly had a plasma screen television in her play room. And afterwards,
Lilly was tired again.

So Lia carried Lilly to her room on her hip, with Lilly’s head on her
shoulder. She read Lilly a few chapters of a new story. And right before
falling asleep, Lilly looked at Lia.

“I miss Kieran,” she said in a small voice. “He loves me even though mommy and
daddy are gone.” And then Lilly closed her eyes and was instantly asleep. Lia
pulled the cream colored wool cardigan she was wearing tighter around her
body. For some reason, what Lilly had said gave her chills. Lia turned out the
light, and looked back in the room. The unicorn nightlight in her room made
everything a dim pink color. Lia closed the door and went into Kieran’s room
to make his bed. After she made his bed and tidied up, she wandered around
restlessly. Finally, Lia went into the kitchen to get Kieran’s medication from
Joe. She put the meds in her pocket, but put a glass of ice water on his
nightstand. And then she wandered around again.

Finally, she saw headlights in the driveway. Lia rushed to the foyer. She was
half angry, and half relieved with her boss. _Half angry?_ She scolded
herself. Who was she to have to right to be mad at him? He was her employer.
Still, though, she couldn’t shake off the emotion that quickly. Murphy, Kieran
and Will came in the front door. They all looked exhausted. Murphy was pushing
Kieran, who had a square gauze bandage on his face.

“Lia,” Kieran greeted her with a nod.

“Sir,” Lia responded. “I’ll take it from here, you boys look like you need
rest,” she said to Murphy and Will. They nodded gratefully and stalked off to
their rooms in the mansion.

Lia pushed Kieran’s chair down to his room.

“Lia?” Kieran asked.

“Yes, sir?” she responded.

“Please call me Kieran.”

“But, sir…”

“Please?”

“Okay sir, I mean- er, Kieran,” Lia said. It felt uncomfortable to her, and
slightly unprofessional. But she did as she was asked.

“I’m sorry I had to leave today,” Kieran continued. Lia was silent. “It was
pretty… imperative.” Lia didn’t ask anything. She pushed him into his room,
and put his pajamas on his lap. “I’m sorry, Lia, but can you help me change
tonight? I don’t have any energy left. I didn’t eat any dinner.”

“Sure. Would you like me to get you some food?”

“I’m too tired now. I just want to sleep.”

“I understand.”

Lia didn’t understand, though, why she had to turn away to keep him from
seeing her deep blush. Why was this, a problem? He was unfairly handsome. But
it was just work. _Just work_, she kept repeating to herself. She helped him
change, and tried very hard not to stare.

Then she pushed him to the bathroom to pee, and eventually helped him into his
bed. He leaned back on the headboard, sitting up. Lia knew he was perfectly
capable of sitting up and down in bed himself.

“Here is your medication,” she handed it to him, and pointed to the water next
to him.

“You’re excellent,” he responded. She blushed again. _Why_ was she so bashful
around him right now?

“Goodnight, sir,” she said, turning to leave.

“Wait, Lia. I’ve had a rough day. Can you tell me what you did with Lilly?”
Lia smiled at his request. She recounted the day to him, minus the end part
when Lilly had whined for him. She knew it would make him feel worse. He
listened with a smile. Lia sat on the bed next to him, her curiosity finally
grabbing a hold on any sense she had left.

“What happened?” she asked timidly, looking at his face. Kieran looked her up
and down for a moment, before reaching up, and pulling the gauze off. There
was a line of stitches on his face, and small bandage over a section of his
ear. Lia suddenly felt sad and overwhelmingly concerned at the same time.

“Kieran!” she said, raising her hand to her mouth. Without any control, her
eyes began to water. Kieran watched her for a minute, before his expression
softened.

“Gunshot. It just grazed me,” he said gently. “I’m okay. I promise.” Kieran
smiled for her.

Lia laughed and wiped the tears away, feeling dumb. She made eye contact with
those beautiful, sparkling eyes. Kieran reached up and tucked one side of her
hair behind her ear. At first Lia was afraid, but his touch was gentle. She
was convinced since her heart was racing so fast that it was going to jump out
of her body and run the border to Mexico. His touch gave her skin goose-bumps
in response. It was like a soft electric shock. He dropped his hand, and they
were silent. Finally she stood.

“You need some rest,” Lia said. Kieran nodded in agreement.

“Thank you Lia. Goodnight.”

“Goodnight.”

Lia left his room, her knees shaking.

** * * ***

Carol was getting tired of waiting. So it was a relief when Will called.

“We need you down here as soon as possible,” he said, skipping old formalities
like “hello.”

“Okay. I can come down now if you want,” Carol responded, thinking it would be
a bad idea to be a smartass.

“Perfect, the car will be there in ten minutes.”

Carol heard a click on the other end of the line. This is why she never dealt
with men. They were so confusing and ambiguous.

She had begun to re-think her interview, worried that she screwed something
up. They had taken a few days to call. Something about Kieran made her
nervous. And she was usually so sure of herself too. Carol wasn’t expecting
him to be handicapped, and by the looks of it, his handicap was permanent. But
she thought she had hid her surprise well, until the delay in correspondence
had her second-guessing her reaction.

She went into her bedroom to change her clothes into an outfit that was more
bad-ass. She wanted to fit in with the others. As Carol put on her clothes,
she noticed her hands shaking. It was from the adrenaline. Her heart rate was
also abnormally fast, and she felt herself growing more excited.

And the woman drank this up like water. She thrived on this shit. She _needed
_this. Even her kickboxing practice was getting more intense from the effects
of her career change. This is how Carol saw her life in ten years. She had
already made a promise to be completely loyal to Kieran O’Meara if she was
employed by him.

When the car arrived, Carol was ready to pee herself. She jumped in the car
and arrived at the mansion before another thought could fully pass through her
head. Her hands began to sweat.

Will met her outside the front of the house. She noticed he was no longer
wearing a sling, but his wrist was still wrapped, and the bruises on his face
were very noticeable, obviously still healing. However, she would still
consider him to be handsome- if she were into men.

“Carol,” Will greeted her, shaking her hand.

“Hello Will,” she responded. He led her into the house.

“We ran a personal check on you, I hope you don’t mind. But everything checks
out to our liking.”

“Good. I don’t mind,” Carol said. Her heart was soaring.

“I also hope you don’t mind, but, we’ll have to start your work right away… as
in, right now.”

“I don’t mind at all!” Carol almost pinched herself. This had to be a dream. A
lucid, beautiful dream.

“Good.” Will nodded at her. “I don’t have the time to let you in on all the
details of this job right now. You’re going to have to trust us. I need your
force, but I’ll be asking the questions.”

“Questions?”

“We have to question someone we think has information. Like I said, I can’t
fill in details right now. But you don’t have to speak. You just have to come
with me and use force if necessary. This witness is a nice woman, so don’t do
anything unless I command you to.”

“Yes, sir,” Carol said, her excitement growing.

“Okay, let’s get going,” Will said.

“Where?”

“We have a place near here we use to interrogate people. When you prove loyal,
you will know the location, but as for now, we have to blindfold you. Sorry,”
Will said. Carol nodded. She was getting very eager to prove herself to him.

They went for a short ride. When Carol got out, Will took off the blindfold.
Murphy had gone with them. They were standing in front of a small house in the
woods. Actually, it was more like a shack, Carol concluded.

When she pulled out gloves with reinforced knuckles, Will smiled. Silently,
they entered the house, following Will’s lead. Once in the house, they went
immediately down the stairs to an underground lair. There were multiple steel
doors, locked by an electrical system that required codes. Will punched the
codes into the key pads next to the door. There was also a fingerprint
scanner. Access was granted. They walked down a hallway full of doors with no
windows. The whole underground system seemed to be steel or concrete. Will
stopped at one door and opened it with the code.

Immediately after Will stepped inside, he was hit over the head by a chair.
Carol couldn’t see the attacker, but she grabbed the chair from the person’s
hands and ripped it away. Then she tackled the person, and realized it was a
woman. However, it changed nothing for Carol. She flipped the attacker over
onto her stomach, and pulled both arms behind her back.

“It’s okay, it’s okay,” Will said to Carol. Murphy was helping Will to his
feet. Carol pushed off the woman to stand up. The woman’s breath was pushed
from her body and she groaned. “Mrs. Flannery,” Will said. “We’re not going to
hurt you. We just need your cooperation.”

Will picked up the chair and set it down. There was one table with two chairs
on either side in the room, and one light, no windows. Will then offered his
hand to Mrs. Flannery, who took it. Carol watched cautiously. The woman was
slightly plump and slightly graying in her hair. She looked nice enough, but
Carol still didn’t trust her.

Mrs. Flannery and Will sat on either side of the table. Murphy came in the
room and closed the door. Both Murphy and Carol stood behind Will, watching
carefully.

“I’ve been told that you might have some information about Warehouse 7,” Will
said to her.

“I don’ know who tol’ you that,” Mrs. Flannery said with an Irish accent. “But
I can assure you, I donno nothin’.”

“Well, I can’t be sure you’re telling the truth Mrs. Flannery.”

“I have nothin’ for ya.”

“I think you do,” Will said. Martha was silent. Finally Will turned to Carol.
“Pull out her fingernails.” He handed Carol a pair of pliers. Carol was
surprised at the command, and looked back up at Will. But he patiently
continued to hold out the tool. Carol took it and went over to Martha.

“What? What? No! Please, no!” Mrs. Flannery said, standing up and flipping the
chair over. She backed into a wall. Murphy came at her from the other side.
Her eyes went wide with fear and her face turned completely white. Murphy
grabbed her roughly, though she fought him, kicking and screaming and
scratching. Carol grabbed her too, and they easily overpowered her. She went
wild with one last effort, screeching like a person does when desperation
takes over. Carol was sure her ear drum was going to pop any moment.

“The walls are soundproof Mrs. Flannery,” Will said calmly. She looked wildly
at him and screamed again. They wrestled with her for another moment, before
Carol roughly grabbed her finger. Martha was making things difficult though,
kicking and pulling her hand away as hard as she could. Carol was stronger, so
she maintained her grip, but the finger was still moving jerkily around.
Finally, Carol managed to put the pliers on her nail. That’s when Martha
stopped struggling and completely surrendered.

“Wait, wait!” Martha screamed. Carol hovered with the pliers on her
fingernail. “I jus’ overheard something at the docks a week ago or so.” She
looked around as if someone else was listening. “I heard someone speakin’
about the warehouse, and the name Mackey O’Conner.”

“What did they say about it?”

“Jus’ that Mackey was in over his head wit some kind o’ deal he had made.”

“With who?”

“They didn’t say.”

“Who was saying this?”

“Some o’ the dock workers. Mackey works at the docks from time to time wit my
husband.”

“Their names?” Will said, now leaning forward.

“I don’ know their names, since I couldn’ see their faces. It was around eight
at night. I had been trying to find my husband since he was late comin’ home.
He gets caught in gamblin’ issues. When I was lookin’ for him, I overheard
that. But before I could hear any more, Sean saw me and we went home. His boss
had only asked him to work late.” Martha was still eyeing the pliers on her
fingernail. Will waved Carol and Murphy away, so they let Martha go. She
visibly exhaled.

“Sit down,” Will said, gesturing towards the chair on the other side of the
table. Martha picked up the chair and did as she was told. “I’m going to use
this information. If it is faulty, we’re not going to come after you again.
We’re going to go after your son.” Martha put her hand over her mouth.

“No! Please don’t!”

“Is the information true?”

“Yes, yes I swear that’s what I heard!”

Carol was excited and impressed.

“Okay. But remember what I said. Don’t go to the police, it’ll be useless.
Don’t try to run, that will just piss us off. Your husband knows our reach.”
Will leaned over the table. “It’s a very, very wide reach.” Carol knew she was
going to love this job.

** * * ***

