### Syndicate Pt 7 by lifeisjust

**Date Added:** 2013-09-03. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Thinking of discontinuing story, please let me know if you are interested in new installments about the O'Meara Crime family 

* * *

Will was sitting on a couch in Kieran’s room. This was how he loved to spend
his Sundays… interrogating witnesses, calling together meetings, oh right, and
trying to avoid an all out gang war. Carol was waiting outside with some of
Kieran’s other soldiers. Like the four Commanders, Kieran had his own system
of rank as well, and his own personal soldiers, even though Kieran’s section
was more important than the other branches of their establishment.

“Mackey O’Conner?” Kieran asked, looking in the mirror as he groomed himself.
They were getting prepared for the meeting.

“That’s what she said,” Will answered, also getting ready. Will looked over at
his friend, noticing that dark colors suited Kieran best. He was wearing his
black dress pants and a dark blue button up. Will, on the other hand, was
wearing a red button up shirt with a black vest. Will’s wrist was still being
a bugger.

“Never heard of him,” Kieran said.

“Me neither.” Will was having difficulty rolling up his sleeves. His wrist was
still swollen, and he had un-wrapped it to get dressed.

“Let me,” Kieran offered.

“Thanks,” Will said, holding out his arms for his friend. Kieran rolled up
Will’s sleeves for him. They weren’t too prideful about accepting each other’s
help.

“Let’s try to play nice today Will,” Kieran suggested, turning back to the
mirror. Will smiled into the mirror over Kieran’s head.

“I always try,” Will said, re-wrapping his own wrist. “…I just don’t always
succeed.” Kieran laughed in response.

“Who are we having here again?” Kieran asked.

“The four Commanders, Madden, Murph, and the big guns… Gilroy and Diesel.”

“Gilroy and Diesel? So, it’s come to this point already huh?” Kieran asked.
Will nodded in response.

“I always hated having to use Gilroy, but it seems to be a necessity. Just
can’t find any like him anyone.” Will said, thinking back to the last time
they had to use Gilroy. Gilroy was a loving, scruffy old man, with a very dark
side. He was a genuine bad-ass, like a kick-ass bad-ass. No one would ever
guess it though. And when the situation got tricky or tense, Gilroy was the
man to call. The last time Will had called him in was right before the mayoral
election. The mayoral candidate Kieran wasn’t backing was getting more popular
in the city, and he wanted to go after crime syndicates hard-core. They were
on the brink of destruction. Needless to say, after Gilroy was called in, that
mayor didn’t win. Good thing Gilroy was reliable and usually delivered,
because if Gilroy couldn’t get a job done, their very last ditch attempt would
be to call in Ripper. And absolutely no one wanted that.

“And I assume Diesel is going to bring some men?” Kieran asked, breaking
through Will’s thoughts.

“I assume so.”

Diesel Grissom was the head of his own syndicate east of the city. The Grissom
and the O’Meara families had a long-standing alliance. Will was surprisingly
fond of Diesel, and Diesel’s right hand man, Arty Cohen. The doorbell sounded.

“Let’s go get ‘em,” Kieran said, winking at Will.

“We always do.”

Will and Kieran didn’t enter the room until last. It was customary. Silence
fell when Will went in the “high importance” conference room. Kieran pushed
himself in right after. Will surveyed the room. Murphy was sitting to the left
of Kieran. The Commanders had each brought their trusty assistants. Madden was
present, sitting next to Gilroy. Then there was Diesel and five of his men.
There were more waiting outside, Carol and some of the other soldiers were
outside with Diesel’s men. Will rubbed his face.

“I hope you’re all comfortable,” Will began. “This is going to be a long
night.”

They began discussing the warehouse and the information they had obtained
about it.

“…Mackey O’Conner?” Fynn asked.

“Yes, do you know him?” Will shot back at Fynn.

“Actually, yes. I gave him a job in my ranks when he first moved here. But
then he quit, to work at the docks. He was quite exemplary with monetary
issues and accounting,” Fynn said.

“You didn’t go through Riley?”

“I believe Riley approved my request,” Fynn said, looking over at Riley.

“Either way,” Will scolded. “Leave the personnel issues to Riley.” Will knew
Fynn and Brennan hired some of their workers off record, which was forbidden.
All workers had to be processed through Riley. But Will knew that was their
own little way of metaphorically saying “screw you” to the non-family member
Riley.

“Sir,” Fynn said, nodding in compliance.

“Well, apparently this Mackey knows something about who is responsible for the
warehouse sellout. Maybe we can trace the information leak back to one
culprit,” Will said.

“Wait, you think one person leaked information to the police, then to a rival
gang?” Diesel asked.

“Yes, sir,” Will responded. “It seems that maybe someone is trying to weaken
us.”

The room was silent. They were all considering what Will just said.

“But,” Diesel spoke again. “We can’t ignore the attacks just because someone
is leaking information. Who knows, Dodson might attack _us_ next, if your rat
has any info on our organization.”

“Think about it,” Will said, pointing to a map of the city. “If we jump head
first into a war, Dodson could gain more power and more allies.”

“Well…” Diesel responded. Will thought this was turning into a two person
conversation. Maybe he should dismiss the rest of them. Compared to Diesel and
Gilroy, they all were useless. “If a war starts, you have us as an alliance.
So the South and the East together, against the West. Dodson has Central as an
ally. That leaves North and Downtown. I have connections with the North, and
Central has connections with Downtown. But you also have connections with
Downtown.” Diesel stopped talking, his eyes lost in concentration.

“Do you think Marco would engage?” Marco Javal was the leader of the Downtown
El Toro syndicate. Kieran and Marco were friendly, but no alliance had ever
been formed.

“I honestly don’t know. Marco tries his hardest to stay neutral, but he has
been forced to engage before.” Gilroy was scratching his head.

“What I’m wondering,” Madden cut in. “Is why Dodson wants this war. I know
relations have been tense in the past, but why now? What prompted this?”

“And he didn’t follow usual code. He hit hard and fast,” Riley said.

“Perhaps,” Kieran finally spoke. They all listened eagerly. Even Will was
curious what his friend had to say. “Perhaps we can answer these questions,
_and_ send them a warning all in one gesture.”

“What?” Diesel asked. His direct response to Kieran made Will uncomfortable.

“We hit close to home with Dodson. We capture one of his own for
interrogation, and return him, without any harm done.”

“What if Dodson uses that as grounds to start a war?”

“We state very loudly somehow, that the capture was only meant to be a
warning. No harm.”

They were all silent.

“Gilroy, what do you think about this?” Will asked. He was curious as to why
Gilroy had barely spoken his thoughts on the matter. When Gilroy spoke, his
voice was gruff and low, but he spoke slowly, both with respect and wisdom.

“This must be carefully planned and executed.” Gilroy looked at Kieran. “But
watch out, nephew. This is now a thin rope we’re walking on.” Kieran’s head
was tilted down towards the floor, but when his uncle spoke to him, the young
man made eye contact with Gilroy without moving his head up. This posture gave
Will the chills, and reminded him of how dangerous his friend was. Will often
forgot that Kieran had a dark side, but was reminded of Kieran’s capabilities
every few weeks. It was mostly the little things that brought Will back to the
reality of his friends’ true power and hidden dynamics.

“We’re now walking on a thin rope regardless, uncle,” Kieran said, unmoving.
The air in the room turned lethal, and the only movement came from the
uncomfortable shifting of the guests. Will didn’t move though, nor did his
eyes leave his friend. Finally, Kieran moved his head up, and tilted it side
to side, cracking his neck as a result. Gilroy was unafraid by his nephew’s
display. He was probably the only person in the room unaffected by it.

“I agree with you, Kieran. But we should also prepare for the worst case
scenario,” Gilroy said.

“Agreed,” Kieran shot back happily, and his dark demeanor evaporated in less
time than it takes to move a finger. Oxygen rushed into Will’s lungs again.

“And remember Kieran,” Gilroy continued. “We have a farther political reach
than does Dodson and the west. This could be useful.”

Kieran nodded in agreement, leaning on his elbow, deeply considering the last
statement Gilroy had made.

“Yes, I could pull a lot of strings,” Nolan said. “I could light a lot of
fires under a lot of asses.” This statement pulled a few laughs out of the
men. Nolan was good at his job, Will had to hand it to him. Gilroy was very
useful as well, especially when asking for hefty favors from important people.

“Our reach together could potentially be much bigger than Dodson’s,” Will
chimed in, looking at Diesel. Diesel and his men nodded gently, agreeing with
Will. Kieran began tapping his fingers on the large oak table.

“…And I have a wildcard,” Kieran said, still deep in thought. The room became
unnervingly quiet again. Will was praying he wasn’t talking about Ripper.
“Let’s take a break, shall we? Perhaps dinner?” They all got up and began
talking to each other. Will was concerned though, and he grabbed his friend’s
arm before Kieran could leave. Will bent down in front of Kieran. He was still
a little scared of Kieran from the early display of darkness, but he was going
to approach Kieran carefully.

“Please tell me that you aren’t thinking about using you-know-who, my friend,”
Will said softly. Kieran looked confused for a moment, and then laughed.

“No, no, not him. I have someone different in mind.” And still laughing to
himself, Kieran pushed his chair out of the room, leaving Will to take care of
the guests.

** * * ***

“I have something to tell you,” Monica said to her lover. Once again he was
lounging on the bed.

“How stealthy and wonderful I am? No one has said anything yet about my
perfectly timed visit to Will,” Dan replied. Monica rolled her eyes.

“No! There is still a chance someone saw you and has just kept his mouth
shut.” She was still rolling her eyes.

“Yes, but it’s not likely, so come over here…” Dan winked at her. Monica
thought her eyes were just going to roll themselves out of her head. He was
really dumb.

“Dan,” she began.

“I’m hungry as hell!” he commented about his growling stomach.

“Dan,”

“Maybe Chinese food,”

“Dan! We’re going to have a baby.”

Dan looked up at her with eyes she would expect from a puppy dog.

“What?” he said it so softly she almost didn’t hear.

“I’m serious.”

“How? I thought… how is that possible?”

“I guess something just happened… Birth control isn’t one hundred percent
effective,” Monica said, glancing sheepishly at Dan. Dan was in his boxers on
the bed. He rolled over onto his back and stared at the ceiling.

“Wow.” That was all he said. Monica went to the bed and sat next to Dan.

“I think we should have it, I mean, why not?” Monica said, smiling at Dan. He
rolled over onto his side. Monica guessed he wasn’t ready to accept it.

“Then does this mean you’re done with your revenge obsession?” Dan asked
softly.

“No. I’ll never be done until I have what is mine.”

“What the hell?”

“I can do it! I have other people doing my dirty work anyway,” Monica said
with a smile. “I wouldn’t be in any danger.”

“And what if they trace it back to you? They won’t hesitate to kill you, even
if you are pregnant.”

“Don’t be silly,” Monica started to say.

“No! Don’t be stupid! You have to start thinking about another life now too!
Give up your stupid need for revenge!”

“But won’t the baby’s life be better if you and I were rulers of the O’Meara
clan? Money, power, everything at our disposal. You can’t tell me Lilly has a
terrible life with Kieran as her father.”

“He isn’t her father.”

“He practically is!” Monica retorted. This wasn’t going how she had planned.
“Maybe if you’re so concerned, you should protect me.”

“Maybe you should protect yourself,” Dan got up out of the bed and began
getting dressed. He walked towards the bathroom. Monica ran to cut him off.

“Don’t go in there!” she cried. “It’s not properly cleaned yet… I threw up
earlier.” Dan looked her up and down, and walked towards the door. “Where are
you going?” Monica asked.

“Out,” he responded, walking quickly out of the apartment. Monica waited a few
minutes until she was sure he was gone. She had to begin planning her next
maneuver. Dan would be very pissed at her for this one. But he would get over
it- he would _have_ to get over it now. Monica smiled to herself. She was
going to make this happen, she was going to make that stupid little cripple
pay for what he did to her.

Monica went into the bathroom and stood in front of the sink. She pulled out
lipstick and dabbed it on her lips. It was dark violet, and made her lips look
almost black. Hopefully the child would get its smarts from _her_ genes. Lord
knows Dan could never cut it in Monica’s world. She would do anything to win.

Monica locked the bathroom door quickly, just in case Dan decided to come
back. She opened the drawer and pulled out her birth control. Who knows what
Dan could look into? He might decide to investigate her claim about the
conception. So, Monica went over to the toilet and pushed out the pills she
had skipped for the past few weeks. And as she watched them swirl down the
toilet bowl, Monica thought of how beautiful this situation was.

** * * ***

Opening her eyes, Lia had almost forgotten where she was. The credits for the
Disney movie were rolling up the screen. Lilly was asleep, cuddled up next to
Lia’s body, the light from the television reflecting off the young girl’s
face. Lia felt a strong warmness for the girl when she looked at her, which
spread through the bottom of her stomach. She brushed the hair out of Lilly’s
face, and smiled at the girl. Lia quickly stopped smiling though, when she
realized how incredibly stupid she would look right now if someone were to
walk in and find her grinning like a dumbass at this sleeping child.

Lia was tired from playing with Lilly all day. They had a lot of fun together
and their time spent only reinforced the desire for Lia to teach young
children. It also reinforced the desire for Lia to have children of her own
one day. She tenderly moved Lilly, so the girl could continue sleeping
undisturbed for now. Lia was hungry. She walked out of the playroom and
glanced at her watch. 9 pm. She had lost track of time.

The lights in the dining room were on when she passed it, so she peeked
inside. The guests were seated at the table, eating dinner. Lia sighed. It was
going to be a long night for the men. She recognized one of the men as Diesel,
a man publically known as the leader of a crime syndicate, but never put
behind bars due to an overwhelming lack of evidence on anything the police
tried to pin on him. But Kieran was absent from the table. She knew where he
would be though, and her feet led her to his office before she could resist.
Trying to stay out of his business was futile. Lia pressed her ear against the
door and listened. Kieran was carrying on a conversation, but it was one-
sided. He must be on the phone. A few moments after she heard the phone
reconnect with it’s cradle, Lia knocked lightly.

“Come in,” Kieran said. Lia noted that he sounded tired. She entered, and
noted he looked tired as well.

“Hello Kieran,” Lia said, pushing the heavy door closed again.

“Lia.” Kieran didn’t hide the surprise in his voice. “Is something wrong?”

“Oh no,” Lia said softly. “It seems like it’s going to be a late night. Do you
want me to stay to help you tonight?”

“No, no. I don’t expect that. You can go home whenever, Will is probably going
to stay the night anyway.”

Lia nodded in response and turned to leave. She couldn’t walk away though,
since she knew it would bother her all night if she did nothing for him. Her
feet wouldn’t move. So she turned around again. Where was this overwhelming
concern originating?

“You look tired. Would you like to help me put Lilly to bed? It might help
make your night a little less boring and long.” Lia watched Kieran carefully
as he studied her right back.

“I would like that,” Kieran said finally. He followed her out of his study.
Once in the hallway, Lia stopped.

“Allow me,” she said, circling behind Kieran to push his chair for him. Kieran
didn’t object.

When they got to the playroom, Lilly was still sound asleep. Lia picked up the
girl carefully, and place her in Kieran’s lap. Unconsciously, she put her
arms, around Kieran’s neck. He looked down at her lovingly, and held her close
to his body. Lia pushed Kieran down to Lilly’s room. He tucked Lilly into bed,
kissed her on the cheek, and watched her sleep for a few minutes. Lia watched
silently. After Kieran turned, and pushed his chair out of the room, Lia
tucked in Lilly again and followed Kieran out. He was sitting in the hallway.

“Thank you, Lia. I appreciated that,” Kieran said softly.

“Sometimes I worry you aren’t getting enough rest, sir,” Lia said.

“Lia, stop calling me sir.”

“Sorry.” Lia tried again. “You’re going to make yourself ill.”

“I appreciate the concern, but I have no choice.”

“But you do!” she cried. “At least take a day to rest before you start
something big.” Lia had heard rumors about the family being on the brink of a
gang war.

“Thank you for your concern,” Kieran dismissed it, and began to push his chair
down the hallway. Lia blocked him though, planting her feet firmly in front of
his chair. Kieran rolled his eyes and sighed. He was treating her like she was
a child. Lia felt her eyes water from embarrassment and frustration. Kieran’s
face softened. She turned to run away, when Lia felt a hand on her wrist.

“I’m sorry,” Kieran’s voice was barely audible. “You’re right.”

Lia turned back to him, as he released her wrist. She quickly wiped the tears
away, but still pouted. She felt stupid for her concern. He tilted his head.

“Come on, smile for me?” he asked. She averted her eyes. “Hug?” he asked,
holding out his arms. Lia was so surprised at this side of Kieran, she didn’t
move. So she was even more surprised when he pulled her down onto his lap and
hugged her. Lia closed her eyes and took time to feel his arms around her.
When he let go, they pulled back, making eye contact. Again, warmth spread in
Lia’s stomach. She stood back up immediately.

“I should go,” Kieran said, trying to make her move out of his way.

“Can I stay?” Lia asked bashfully. Kieran looked at her, confused.

“What?”

“Can I stay? For the night? I want to give Will a break. He will be just as
exhausted as you, and it’s not fair that I get to leave. I’ll just take a nap
in your room on the couch, and you can wake me up when you come in. That way,
I’ll be rested and ready to help!” This was insane. She had class the next
morning! But something made her not care. Her interests were slowly, but
steadily, shifting.

“It will be early morning when I’m done. You shouldn’t.”

“I’ll be okay.”

“You’ll leave after I go to bed?”

“I guess so.”

“No. You can stay the night and then go to class right from here if you insist
on waiting for me.”

“Thanks Kieran,” Lia said, beaming at him. She thought she saw a tiny smile
infect his lips too.

Once in Kieran’s room, Lia wandered around a little. She went into his closet
and ran her hand along his expensive clothes. Normally, Lia would be too shy
to sneak around someone else’s room, but she was beginning to feel an odd
kinship with Kieran. Everything in his room, closet, and bathroom had been
lowered for his convenience. Taped up behind his closet door, was a picture of
his parents on either side of his at his high school graduation, smiling
beautifully. His parents were truly Hollywood beauties. Lia’s family was
basically the complete opposite. In her high school graduation picture, she
wasn’t even looking or smiling at the camera. In the picture, she was reaching
out to grab one of her nephews, while all her damn siblings were trying to fit
in around her. Some of them had been fighting. It’s not that she didn’t love
her family- she just wondered what life would be like if it was less chaotic
all the damn time.

Lia occupied herself for a little while cleaning up various things in her
boss’s room. It was already very clean, since he had one of the workers come
in each day just to keep things tidy. But she cleaned some things that were
already clean. And then, she crawled onto the couch when she felt tired, and
fell asleep.

Lia’s eyes opened. There were voices outside, and car engines revving to life.
Where was she? She pushed the hair out of her face, and sat up. Out the
window, Lia saw car headlights fading down the driveway. She was in Kieran’s
house! The clock on the wall read that it was three thirty in the morning. Lia
stood up and went over to the door. Kieran and Will were talking outside. She
couldn’t hear words, but recognized their voices. The talking stopped, and Lia
backed away from the door. It swung open, and Kieran made eye contact with
Lia.

The feeling in her stomach from his eye contact was indescribable. His eyes
seem to liquefy all her internal organs, though her stomach turned to a heavy
bag of lead. She forced a small smile. He smiled back, even though he looked
like he was about to pass out. Looking over Kieran’s face, Lia’s concern
quickly skyrocketed. The bags under his eyes were dark, and he looked too
pale, and too weak. Her smile dropped off her lips.

“Kieran!” she said harshly. “What have you done to yourself?”

“I haven’t been able to walk for a while now. You just noticed?” Kieran joked.
He laughed, and though Lia was concerned for him, she couldn’t suppress her
laugh either.

“Kieran,” she scolded again. He leaned back in the chair, folding his hands
over his lap. Lia shook her head at him, and walked around to push his chair
for him. Kieran had no objection to her help. He exhaled, and she pushed him
over to his pajamas, which were flannel pants and a normal grey shirt. He
dressed himself slowly, his limbs plagued with fatigue. He had been awake for
a long time. Lia knew he had trouble sleeping sometimes, and that had been the
case last night. She thought about how many things he probably had on his
mind. _Damn, _she thought. _He has to run a whole empire._

“Busy night then?” Lia asked.

“Have you ever tried listening to politicians for almost ten hours?”

“No.”

“Well… this is worse,” he said with a chuckle. Lia smiled, and pushed him into
the bathroom.

“Did you always plan on taking your father’s place?” Lia asked. Kieran was
silent for a moment.

“… I don’t know. I always planned to finish college first at least.”

“You have a natural talent for this.”

“How do you know?” Kieran asked, brushing his teeth.

“If you didn’t, this whole operation wouldn’t be running anymore,” Lia said,
sitting on the edge of the tub, and smiling into the mirror at him. Kieran
made a face at her while he brushed his teeth, and she laughed in response.
While he was occupied with brushing his teeth, Lia stuck her finger in her
mouth and put it in his ear.

“Wet willy!” she said with a laugh. Kieran spat into the sink, and batted her
hand away.

“That’s disgusting.” He shot her a look of contempt. She laughed again, and he
eventually smiled. “Perhaps you’re spending too much time with Lilly.”

“Does this mean I’m fired?”

“Only if you pick your nose.”

“Oops, guess I’m fired.” Lia said with a giggle. Kieran laughed loudly.

“Very funny,” Kieran said as Lia pushed him back into his room. She pushed him
near his bed, then grabbed his clothes off the floor.

“Are these dirty?” Lia asked, folding them over her arm.

“Smell them. Then you tell me,” he joked.

“That’s gross!”

“No, they’re fine,” Kieran answered honestly, with a laugh. Lia smiled at him
and folded his clothes carefully, then proceeded to put them away. While she
was busy, she could feel Kieran’s eyes on her. She silently scolded herself.
Why were they being so playful? He was her boss. This was totally
unprofessional of her. Lia stopped for a moment. Were they… were they
_flirting?_ As she pondered this, a tiny smile fought its way onto her lips.

Lia pushed Kieran next to his bed, and helped him slide on. To her surprise,
he patted the bed next to him. He wanted her to sit next to him? She crawled
on the bed, and sat facing him.

“It’s been a while since I’ve been able to joke around like this.” A sad look
came over Kieran’s face. “I used to joke around with my parents a lot.” Lia
watched him. He put his head on the headboard and looked over at her. Finally,
he scooted down so he was lying flat. “Tell me about _your _family.”

And she did. Lia started with her parents, and told him all about her own
family. When she got down to all her nieces and nephews, Kieran was sound
asleep.

