### Not passing go! by TonySpencer

**Date Added:** 2013-09-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The beautiful young woman didn't like the fact that I wasn't her usual driver and she didn't buy my story. How could I tell her that her boyfriend was in the boot with her luggage and none of us had long to live? 

* * *

NOT PASSING GO!  
  
  
I drove the limo to her office and I picked up a very beautiful young woman. I
was supposed to take her to the airport. She realised almost immediately she
got into the vehicle that the limo was the one that a driver she knew named
Yousif normally drives. So, she asked tersely, clearly disappointed to find a
middle-aged guy like me in the driving seat, where was Yousif?  
  
I fed her a line, not much choice really. I apologetically admitted that this
was my first day with the courtesy car firm and that taking her to the airport
was only my second unsupervised job so far and I really don't want to muck
this one up. I gave her my most charming smile and hoped she'd buy it. Her
brow remained furrowed. Damn! This was supposed to have been a whole lot
easier than this.  
  
The plan was to drive her to the airport in time for her flight, collect
another two hundred for my trouble and see if I could sneak off with her
passport and get away, leaving her there tapping her pretty little foot. That
was the plan, I knew now, that was far too easy. I should have realised sooner
and simply walked away. Maybe I could still do that. Just stop the car, get
out and leave her and that limo well alone. Then I looked at her beautiful
face in the mirror and knew I couldn't do that either. She would be an
innocent victim. As for Yousif, he would have to take his chances.  
  
She was still waiting for a better explanation from me. I couldn't tell her
what was really going on, could I? She'd've freaked.  
  
I lied and told her I had been introduced to a dozen different drivers and
other staff on my first day today, so it was all a blur of faces but I thought
that Yousif was a tall, very slender dark-haired young man with a neat
moustache?  
  
Yes, she said that's him, so why was he not driving today?  
  
Damn good question, Danny boy, I thought, she's not only attractive, she's a
sharp smart chick for someone still in her mid- to late-twenties, I guessed,
and with a comfortable lifestyle she'll probably still look gorgeous well into
her middle years. Me? I'm 39 and well and truly careworn from a hard life, so
I look a lot older than I am.  
  
I replied that as far as I understood it, and I was just the new guy and not
entitled to know all the ins and outs of anything, Yousif had already planned
the afternoon and evening off and, some time after he had left, this job of
collecting her came in. Otherwise, maybe he would have been there for her
instead of me, I suggested. Without waiting for her to comment, I moved the
car out into the heavy early evening traffic, thinking that the airport was
almost certainly not the best place to go, but that I better head that way
until I could think of something better.  
  
She went rather quiet and closed the soundproof courtesy window before trying
to ring Yousif on his mobile, I could see her key in the numbers and press her
mobile to her ear in the mirror. I could also feel his phone vibrating against
my thigh as it was set on silent earlier in the day. I knew it was his phone,
because I didn't have one of my own. Eventually it stopped moving and
presumably went to voicemail as I saw her lips move, leaving a message. She
fiddled with the phone again, making other calls, probably trying his known
haunts. Best of luck finding him girl, he was actually only three feet away
from her in the boot but he would never hear her in that soundproofed
compartment.  
  
She knew his number off by heart, which brought to mind the smirk on his face
when he told his caller that he knew the pick-up. I didn't know what religion
Yousif was but I'm smart enough to recognise when someone knows another person
in the Biblical sense, I was just late in reappraising those signals, I got
rusty over the last five years I guess. He had repeated the name too, Susan
Kollikov, over the phone, I now recalled. It was a common enough Russian name,
even in London, so it didn't ring any alarm bells in my head at the time. They
were jangling like bloody fire alarms at an oil refinery right now.  
  
I knew we were both in serious trouble, well, Yousif was too, although he
didn't know it, nor did she, yet.  
  
Obviously there was no way I was going to tell the young lady that I had
Yousif's mobile or that Yousif himself was trussed up tight and gagged in the
boot of our sleek limo, next to whatever was going to kill them both. Me too,
if I stuck around long enough.  
  
OK, I am no limo driver. Sure, I've driven a few getaway cars, much smaller,
more manoeuvrable and a whole lot faster than this baby elephant we were in
but I was driving a limo today purely out of desperation.  
  
Only got out of nick three days ago and the old muckers I was relying on for a
decent leg up, having done my time at Her Majesty's Pleasure solely on their
behalf, had disappeared off to warmer climes to spend theirs as well as my
share of the multi-seven-figure takings. I had managed to locate where in
Spain one of them, Mikey, was holed up and now I needed some seed money so I
could get to him before he jumped, and through Mikey catch up with the rest of
the thieving buggers, Marty and Simon.  
  
I intended taking out my fair share from each of them either in lump sums or
simply lumps. I was easy either way. I like accounts to be balanced, debit and
credit, settled nice and neat to satisfy my own self-audit.  
  
Anyway, earlier that afternoon, I was sitting relaxed in a caf� enjoying a
warm sweet cuppa, it made a change from the tongue-strangling stewed brew I
had become accustomed to. I was minding my own business and keeping out of the
winter chill. I wasn't used to being outside much, just an hour's exercise a
day for over seventeen hundred consecutive days leaves you a touch
agoraphobic.  
  
That's when I overheard this skinny guy dressed in a smart grey drivers'
uniform, I now know as Yousif, taking a phone call. I only caught one side of
the conversation, obviously, but the gist was he had to pick up a girl from a
nearby office and take her to the airport, and was given the flight number. On
a scrap of paper he wrote that down plus the city office post code, pick-up
and departure times and finally the girl's name, which he repeated saying he
knew the person. That's when that knowing smile played on his greasy chops.  
  
What pricked up my ears was that some guy was bringing round her cases to the
caf� with a two hundred down-payment and promised another two hundred at the
airport where someone would meet them both with her tickets and passport,
provided they met the timetable in time to catch the flight.  
  
I could definitely use the cash and Freddie the Forger, who owed me big time,
could convert that passport to something I could use to get out and back into
the country without my parole officer being any the wiser-like, between our
weekly appointments scheduled for my first six months out and about.  
  
I had got up from my table first, went outside and waited, freezing my bloody
balls off. Sure enough a big black car turned up outside the caf�, driven by a
mature heavy-set bloke with a buzz cut, who looked more than a bit useful.
From where I stood, in an alleyway behind where this long limo was parked, I
could see they knew one another as soon as he went inside. They came out and
walked over to the big dude's car. The guy opened his boot and handed over a
couple of heavy smart leather cases to Yousif. They shook hands and Yousif was
handed four crisp fifties, which he folded and put in his pocket. The big guy
drove off. Yousif dragged the cases over to his limousine and unlocked the
boot lid, opening it up.  
  
That's when I hit him, short and sharp. In my game one punch is plenty. I
bundled his limp body seamlessly into the cavernous boot, taking the keys out
of his hand. I dropped the cases in on top of him and looked around. Nobody
was about to see anything anyway. I drove the car around the corner where it
was even quieter. I opened the boot again.  
  
His uniform would never fit me, I was tall and broad, he was just as tall but
painfully skinny, so I just took his cap. Good job he had a big head. I had
lost a lot of weight in five years, I was leaner and harder than when I went
in, I'd had to be to survive. I really needed to drill another hole in my belt
but the battery in my cordless drill round at Mum's was so flat it wouldn't
take a charge any more, so I had to keep hitching up my trousers to stop them
falling down. Apparently hipsters were the biz with the kids, I was just too
old to look right.  
  
There was a pack of polishing rags in the boot, they like these cars to be
kept gleaming. I stuffed one in his gob and tied another over his mouth to
keep it in place. Used others to tie his hands and feet and finally lashed
them together with his necktie to stop him moving about when he eventually
came to. He couldn't move much anyway, jammed up against those heavy cases.
Jeez, I thought, this Susan woman was either one big broad or she likes to
wear a lot of boots, those cases sure weren't packed with skimpy knickers and
bikinis. Perhaps she was going to the North Pole and had flat-packed the sled
and a team of huskies? In his pocket was the note of the office address plus
the flight number. I took his mobile, too, using the web function to find out
the check-in time. There wasn't much time to spare, so I went straight to her
office.  
  
So there we were, me driving up front and Susan sitting in the back wondering
where Yousif was and why she couldn't get hold of him. Not much I could do
about that.  
  
Trouble for me was that I already knew of her hubby Benny Kollerov, he was the
banker for my last bank job. I never actually met him, this kind of business
uses middle men, so Benny's hands were clean, as he raked in his cut. Made his
money on Afghanistan drugs, apparently, with his hands also on an almost
inexhaustible supply of plastic explosive, which I needed a few grams of
myself at the time.  
  
I had organised the bank job, and took on the risky business of driving decoy,
a car recently registered in my own name, while a very similar car with fake
plates which did the actually getaway from the job, was driven into a yard
we'd rented while I drove off as the second part of a tag team, with the
police following me in hot pursuit.  
  
Damn those stingers. Stopped me in my tracks, I had expected that, though.
They arrested me for the bank job, while I countered with "I thought you were
chasing me for unpaid parking fines, it's a fair cop for the fines, officer,
but I don,t know nuffink about no bank heist".  
  
I thought that when the real getaway car was eventually found, burnt out with
almost the same number plate, with an F in the index number and mine with a
broken bottom stroke of the E, I would have the perfect alibi.  
  
The other car never bloody-well turned up.  
  
Somebody put me away, while the others got off scot free. The police had a
tape recording of me telling the lads my plan for the raid in the pub. The
recording implicated me and me only, the rest of the boys kept schtum during
the recording. Yeah, real funny that.  
  
Got five years and had to do the lot. I was picked on for fights a lot inside,
winning most, losing some, but mostly I lost any chance I might have had of
early release for good behaviour. Funny that, too.  
  
Buddies on the outside were supposed to look after me missus, while I was
inside. They certainly did that alright, she had twins 15 months into my
sentence. My Ma told me she'd named them Martina and Michaela, which meant
either Simon was innocent or my wife was double-bluffing me and Simon was the
father. Agnes wasn't that bright, she was cute but dumb when I met her on
alpine training in Norway. Agnes and the girls were still living in our cheap
near-hovel flat on a sink estate in Tottenham, so she definitely wasn't the
mastermind behind my prolonged incarceration. The three stooges didn't have a
brain cell between them either, but sod it, all three of them were getting the
good kicking they deserved.  
  
Susan slid open the curtesy window, breaking me out of my thoughts.  
  
"I don't have my passport with me," she announced, "I need to go via my place,
first."  
  
I had been led to believe that the passport in question was already waiting
for her at the airport and that she would have been informed of that fact, but
that was now more than likely extremely bloody unlikely, so was Yousif's
promised two hundred for passing Go!  
  
Anyway, A, she didn't need to know that and B, not moving towards the airport
was a really good plan as far as I was concerned.  
  
"Certainly, Madam," I replied, "What's the postcode?"  
  
She gave it to me and I keyed it into the satnav, the resulting route led me
to a destination just twelve minutes away, which was way better than the
ninety or so estimated to get to the airport at this time of the evening,
which would mean maybe an hour before getting to open country. No way was I
staying behind that wheel for anywhere near another sixty minutes. I didn't
know what the margin of error was, I wasn't prepared to assume anything at the
moment.  
  
"Thanks, driver, sorry I don't know your name?"  
  
"Daniel, Miss, most of my friends call me Dan or Danny."  
  
"It's Mrs rather than Miss, Danny, and you can call me Susan if you like, I
prefer informality."  
  
I understood that. She'd clearly been very informal with her previous driver.
At least she hadn't asked me for my telephone number yet. Perhaps I was too
old for her, only being about twenty years younger than her husband.  
  
We had a short conversation, she found out I had a family (alright I lied
again, this time about Agnes and the twins but it don't count as a lie if
we're still married though, does it?), and she told me there was just Benny
and herself, no kids yet. Like a sixty-year-old gangster with a grown-up
family back in Moscow wants more kids? Anyway, she rabbited on, Benny had a
holiday home in the Bahamas and that was where they were headed, apparently.
Last minute plans?, I asked, knowing the answer already.  
  
Apparently, yes. It was Benny's secretary that had called her out of the blue
mid-afternoon about the spontaneously-arranged trip, yet Susan voiced the
thought that she was sure Benny had a Lodge meeting the first Tuesday in the
month and he never missed one, so why the panic, why not fly out tomorrow?  
  
Yeah, why the panic? I guess old Benny had found out about Yousif and legal
niceties are anathema to Russian gangsters. Well, any gangsters I suppose.  
  
Susan directed me to the entrance of the underground car park under her
building, once we reached the satnav destination. I guessed that car had 40
minutes left on the clock, enough time to get to the apartment, grab her
passport, and let Yousif out. He had behaved himself, after all.  
  
I just wasn't sure what to do with Susan herself. She was hot and bright, and
my type was more cute and dumb, I smiled to myself. Yeah, right, any
attractive girl was my type, I just didn't have much of a chance to register
as hers, even in my wildest dreams. No, even though I would never be rewarded,
I would have to get her away somehow. Her marriage had terminal stamped all
over it, that didn't necessarily have to apply to her life as well.  
  
We pulled up into a parking spot next to a smart new shiny black Bentley,
Benny's Bentley, no doubt. We both got out.  
  
"Do you want me to go up with you?" I asked, "In case you need a hand bringing
anything down. You didn't pack your own bags, I believe?"  
  
Susan thought for just a momentary hesitation.  
  
"Not a problem, please wait here for me, Danny."  
  
"OK, Susan." Not much else I could say, she was holding all the cards, calling
all the shots. "Shall I come up in twenty minutes if you are not down by
then?"  
  
"That's a good idea," she smiled, "The Penthouse, the code to the car park
door is 1234 and the elevator code is 5678. Damn! That is so lame, I hadn't
really thought about it before."  
  
I nodded and rested my butt on the bonnet, folded my arms, resigned to wait.
"See you in twenty, then."  
  
She flashed that stunning smile again and turned, walked through the car park
and the code-protected door. My eyes followed her all the way, she sure looked
tasty in that pin-striped suit cut just above the knee.  
  
I gave her just two minutes before pulling the heavy nearly foot-long torch
from the glove compartment and following her through that door, ignoring the
lift. I climbed the stairs fairly rapidly, I was still in good shape for an
older guy. Only problem was my damn trousers kept wanting to go south. If
Yousif had worn a belt I might've tried it on for size. It occurred to me then
that I could've taken his tie to hold my kecks up, if I hadn't already used it
to lash his hands to his feet.  
  
That reminded me about Yousif, I could have dragged him out and dropped him
the other side of the Bentley for safety. Plenty of time though, I could leave
him for another twenty minutes. Just about.  
  
The stairs didn't go right up to the penthouse, they stopped at a solid door a
floor short. It took a different code to the ones Susan had given me, I guess
she didn't use the stairs much. I had to open the window and climb out.
Alright, I've done some cat burglary in the past, just never got caught doing
it so it's not on my record. I knew the mountain climbing training I had in
the Forces would come in handy. Plenty of handholds in the brickwork and I
made it to a skylight over one of the darkened bedrooms in no time at all,
carrying the torch in my mouth. A little judicious knife work with my gloves
on to avoid leaving fingerprints and it was open. I dropped down almost
silently into the room, pausing for a moment to hear any sounds in the
apartment. I could hear voices, a male and female conversing quietly but
animatedly, some distance away. I was in an empty bedroom.  
  
I crept over to the door and twisted the knob slowly, it was well oiled and
silent. I opened it a crack, using a single eye to look through into a
deserted brightly-lit corridor. I opened the door wider and chanced a glance
up and down. A door at the far end was open, where the voices came from. There
was another closed door opposite this one, which I stepped up to and opened
cautiously, it was in darkness, so I went in and closed the door silently
behind me.  
  
My eyes had long been attuned to the dark and I soon recovered from the brief
exposure to the bright light in the corridor. It was too dark to make out much
though. I flicked on the torch. I was in what looked like the master bedroom
with one of the biggest beds I'd ever seen. But what took most of my attention
was a body on the floor in front of the bed, oozing scarlet onto a very nice
Axminster rug.  
  
He wasn't quite dead yet, but he didn't have long to go. Gut shot, single
bullet, nine-millimetre by the size of the entry wound. Recently shot, longer
than ten but twenty minutes tops, so it wasn't Susan. Somebody she rang from
the limo?  
  
I knew the signature of the gut shot, Dmetri.  
  
Another Russian gangster. Been around for a while, started off pimping, drug
dealing and a couple of small bars-cum-nightclubs, all small stuff. Couldn't
remember his surname but I knew it began with P, because everyone called him
Poppemoff. He liked to hit his victims with a single shot in the gut and let
them die slowly, twenty to thirty minutes.  
  
Benny on the other hand liked to blow people up, timed to go off outside town
in the country where it was less messy but not quite as far as the airport
where they had sniffer dogs and the victim might just get away. Also, Benny no
doubt wanted to kill two birds at the same time, his cheating wife and the
cheeky bastard driver who did the nasty on him.  
  
Anyway, there I was thinking about this nearly deceased body, Benny's life
leaking casually into that lovely woollen weave when I realised that the only
reason for a rug on top of the thickest, plushest fitted bedroom carpet I've
ever seen in my life was ... a floor safe.  
  
I rolled the big bugger over, lifted up the Axminster and there it was. Oh,
goody, a Marshall-Eckhart Mark 2a. Typical Russian gangster, drives a top of
the range Bentley but keeps his valuables in the kinda safe you couldn't give
away for 99 pence on eBay. Ideally, I needed a slotted screwdriver, but all I
had was my trusty heavy penknife, which would have to do. The voices were
still coming from the other room at the end of the corridor, so I had to be
quiet. I lined up the knife, pulled the carpet back over to muffle the sound
and struck the knife with the heel of my hand. I listened for a moment,
nothing coming my way, so I checked the safe. It was open. It's criminal what
rubbish some of these security firms pass you off with nowadays.  
  
Inside were bundles of notes plus a lot other papers, I took the lot with just
a quick glance through them. In cash alone there must've been eighty grand in
fifties. I stuffed the notes in my waistband, at least they solved the problem
of keeping my trousers up, while the other documents I slipped in my jacket or
back pockets. I closed the safe, which gently clicked shut, rolled back and
smoothed out the carpet and then rolled back Benny. He let out a low groan. I
stood up, time to get going, I thought.  
  
Suddenly the door crashed open and before I could react a slug hit me at close
range and lifted me off my pins. I fell back against the bedside cabinet,
cracking my head on the wall and slipped out of consciousness.  
  
I don't know how long I was out, the bedroom was still in darkness but now the
corridor light was out as well. The only other immediate thoughts that
surfaced was that my head and gut really bloody hurt. I was about to lift my
hand to my head when I realised there was a gun in my ungloved right hand.
That immediately brought to mind where I was and how I got here. I released
the gun and fumbled around and found the torch, flicked it on. Benny was still
where he fell, he didn't look well, no, not very well at all.  
  
I checked the gun, it was an automatic and the magazine and chamber empty. It
had my dabs on it and I was sure as hell that Benny's dabs would be on it too
and, I could guarantee, nobody else's.  
  
I imagined how Dmitri's mind worked, the created scenario being that Benny
disturbed me, a known criminal and suspected burglar. He shot me, I wrestled
the gun from him and shot him back, he pushed me against the wall and then we
conveniently both died of our wounds. That was the scenario. I was feeling
rather less than completely happy about being all that convenient for Dmitri
and the recently-widowed Susan.  
  
I got up, unsteadily, and checked my stomach. The wads of notes had stopped
the bullet going right the way through although I would have some colourful
bruises to show for it and probably piss blood for a few days. Written off
about five grand, had Dmitri, but maybe Mum could still pass them off for me
through the local shops, blame it on mice, we get a lot of them round our way,
a lot more bloody mice than crisp fifties anyway.  
  
Couldn't leave the gun there, I'd wipe it and dump it in the river on my way
home. I stuffed it in my jacket, zipped it up and put my right glove on again.
As I walked down the back stairs, the building suddenly rocked. Damn it Benny,
I thought, used too much again as per bloody usual. I guess when you have to
pay through the nose for the stuff you use barely enough; when you got loads
you use loads. Well, he'll never learn now. I decided to take the fire escape
and let myself out the back.  
  
Shame about Susan, if she'd stuck with me we could've had a gas instead of
being vaporised with both her lovers. I recalled that instant back in the
apartment, the open door, Dmitri and his gun, with Susan peering out from
behind him, both hands clinging to his protective left arm.  
  
Anyway, I've got a few bob literally tucked under my belt now so I can track
down my ex-buddies, and got Benny's Russian passport in my back pocket for
Freddie to work his magic on. Wonder what I'd look like in a buzz cut?  
  
In my jacket I had the deeds for a seafront property in the Bahamas and
another set for a luxury yacht, wasn't sure where it was moored but I'd track
it down. I may have to invite Freddie over for the next few winters, he don't
get out much. I know I carried what was left of Freddie after he stepped on
that UID, for 5 kilometres of mountain desert, so he's got to concede we can
finally call it quits so that I can pay him the going rate he deserves in
future.  
  
Then there was the bank vault key nestling safely in my pocket, along with the
yellow post-it with the bank code, account number and password on it. Thank
goodness Benny's mind was like a bloody sieve, I looked upon that as a bit of
a bonus.  
  
As I reached the end of the fire escape and strolled unconcernedly along the
riverside walk, breathing in the night air, which started out heavy with the
smell of cordite, burning rubber and fuel, but became cleaner, replaced by the
fresh pungency of the ebb-tide river, a light mist rising from the water, I
thought the twins might like to learn to swim in a warm and secluded Caribbean
cove.  
  
What the hell, I thought, I can't help it if I'm comfortable with cute and
dumb.  
  
  
  
THE END.  

