### A Life Lost by janeyath

**Date Added:** 2013-10-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A short story about murder in a Yorkshire village 

* * *

Ben shivered against the early morning chill and turned up the temperature
dial in the car. The emerging sun silhouetted the landscape of rolling hills
against a milky blue sky. As he continued his journey, the hills morphed into
cottages and a looming church spire on the outskirts of the village. He felt
uneasy, knowing he would not have been called out at this hour for nothing.

He arrived at the market square and parked near the gathering of police cars.
The rest of the village square was eerily quiet, dark windows in the shops
staring out like lifeless eyes. Stifling a yawn, he walked to the centre of
the square, ruffling his messy brown hair to try to improve his dishevelled
appearance. The familiar blue and white tape was surrounding a clock tower
and, on the steps leading up to a gothic obelisk, he saw the reason why he was
here.

She was a slim, blonde middle-aged woman, elegantly dressed in a navy suit and
ivory blouse. A deep red bloodstain had flowed down from a gaping wound across
her throat. Her arms had been placed on her chest, clutching a bloodied knife
with an ornate silver handle embossed with red and green beads. Well, he
thought, at least we have the murder weapon and cause of death. Ben’s initial
unease grew stronger. Something about this didn’t make sense. He was trying to
figure it out when DCI Mawden arrived. Even at this hour, he was smartly
dressed and shaved, his greying hair neatly trimmed. He shook Ben’s hand.

‘DI Harper, thank you so much for coming,’ he said.

‘Please, it’s not DI anymore, call me Ben,’ he replied. ‘What do we know?’

Mawden, consulted his notebook, ‘A local farm worker found the body and her
name is Louise Macgregor. Time of death around midnight and she wasn’t killed
here. That’s it until we get some forensics. So, what do you think?’

‘The staging of the body is significant. The killer wants us to think that the
murder was more important than the victim.’

‘DCI Mawden?’

They were interrupted by a tall young man in a grey pinstripe suit.

‘Yes, can I help you?’

‘I hope so. DI Yorke. I’m working on the Harehills case.’

They all knew about the Harehills killer. So far, he had killed four women in
Leeds. The first victim was from the Harehills area and, in each case, the
bodies were staged away from the kill site with the murder weapon placed on
the body.

Mawden replied dubiously, ‘You think this is him?’

‘My DCI certainly does. He sent me down here as soon as it came up on the
alert.’

Yorke walked over to the body. ‘Well, she’s older than the other victims, but
the staging is similar.’

Mawden joined him, ‘Yeah, we were just talking about that. This is Ben Harper,
he was a DI in the MIT at Lewisham.’

‘Was?’

Ben explained, ‘I left the force six months ago and moved up here. I just
provide assistance with…certain cases.’

‘So, what are your thoughts?’, he asked.

Mawden nodded to Ben to continue.

Ben turned back to the crime scene, ‘Well, the staging is important, but I
think it’s a distraction. Also, this doesn’t make sense geographically.’

‘Well, we’re only twenty miles from Leeds….’

‘It’s not just that. Serial killers like cities. They crave stimulation and
stick to the areas they know. It just doesn’t make sense for him to come to a
place like this.’

‘Well, that’s all very interesting Mr. Harper, but I can’t dismiss the
possibility on a couple of vague opinions.’

Mawden turned to the DI angrily, ‘Hang on a minute, I happen to have a lot of
respect for this man’s opinions!’

‘I’m sure you do, but all I see in front of me is evidence linking this to our
killer.’

Before Mawden retaliated again, Ben replied calmly, ‘Okay, there’s really no
need for this.’ He turned to Mawden, ‘DI Yorke is right, you need to go where
the evidence takes you.’

Mawden tried to protest, ‘But, what about the…’

‘It’s OK, really,’ Ben replied. ‘I’ve looked at this crime scene for five
minutes. I’m sure that the DI has a lot more insight. Just give me a call if
you need to.’

Ben walked back to his car, fighting the urge to change his mind. Mawden
didn’t need to know what he really thought of DI Yorke, it wouldn’t help the
investigation, even though it would make him feel better. Besides, if she was
the next victim of the Harehills killer, he had even more reason to stay away.

Mawden had made contact with him soon after he had moved up north and, at
first, Ben had been reluctant to help. He had left a long career as a
detective in South London, where his keen observation skills and attention to
detail had proved particularly useful in finding the most evil killers, those
who carefully planned their acts of depravity and didn’t fall in to the usual
traps of detection. This had inevitably led a number of high profile serial
cases and taken a heavy toll on his personal life. When his marriage ended, he
realised that a change was needed. A teaching job at the University of York
had provided an opportunity to return to his roots and a simpler life, where
the change of pace and friendly locals had taken time to adjust to, but it was
a change that he welcomed. After some relentless persuasion, he had agreed to
assist Mawden and his team on the particularly challenging cases, but with
some clear boundaries. He had done all he needed to do.

‘Bloody hell!’

Mawden threw the phone down in frustration. Nearly six weeks had passed and he
was losing his grip on this case. Yorke had taken over at the start of the
investigation and all it had led to was time wasted on dealing with endless
media intrusions and the fallout from a small community scared witless for no
reason. When it was clear that there were no solid leads or forensics linking
Louise’s murder to the Harehills killer, Yorke had left them to it and
returned to Leeds.

He rubbed his temples, then got up and walked over to the white notice board
outside his office, staring hopelessly at the photos and scribbled notes. This
was all they had to show for too many long days and it had got them nowhere.
The voice in his head whispered accusingly. ‘_You’ve missed something, haven’t
you? And now her killer is going to get away with it_.’ He had one option
left.

Ben arrived at the police headquarters an hour later and made his way through
the shabby reception to the murder squad office. Mawden had called just as he
was about to attend another boring department meeting, so he was grateful for
the distraction. As he arrived at the office, the grim atmosphere and general
lack of activity told him the case was not going well. He headed for Mawden’s
office and knocked on the door.

‘Come in. Sorry to call you back in Ben, I really am desperate.’

‘Mmm, I think there’s a compliment in there somewhere.’

‘Come on, you know what I mean. And don’t tell me this isn’t important to you.
You don’t just stop caring about this stuff and I certainly know what it used
to mean to you.’

‘Insults and emotional blackmail. You really are desperate.’

Mawden gave Ben a look that suggested humour was not welcome. He got up from
his desk and they walked over to the whiteboard.

‘Could you take a look at this? It’s pretty much all we have. I’ve been
staring at this damn thing for weeks!’

Ben scanned the images, most of which were from the crime scene, and the
various scribbled notes.

‘I hear that DI Yorke has moved on?’

‘Yeah, arrogant tosser.’

Ben smiled knowingly, ‘Don’t be too hard on him. I know how that pressure
feels remember? He’s probably feeling just as helpless as you are and all he
can do now is wait for the next victim.’

He turned back to Mawden, ‘You’re right though. He was a tosser.’

Mawden sat down wearily, ‘Yeah, well, thanks to him we’ve wasted six weeks of
investigation and now we’re back at square one.’

‘Not necessarily. The killer probably thinks their plan is working and might
start to relax, go back to a normal routine. Can I see the autopsy report?’

Mawden passed him the file and Ben started to read. _Cause of death severed
carotid artery, head trauma prior to death._

‘What else do we know about her?’

‘She was well known in the community. Lots of friends and involved in local
charities.'

‘What about the husband? Did he have an alibi?’

‘He was at a conference and his wife was out to dinner with friends. He claims
that he didn’t even realise that she hadn’t come home and didn’t know anything
was wrong until the police came to the door.’

Ben turned and looked at Mawden quizzically.

‘Separate bedrooms. We did interview him, but all we found out was they had
been happily married for twenty three years and he’s a doctor who likes
hunting.’

‘Hunting? That’s interesting.’

‘Really, why?

‘Well, she was knocked unconscious and her throat was slit. That’s how a
hunter would kill.’

‘So, you think he’s a serious suspect. What about the alibi?’

‘You know as well as I do how easy it is to fake those.’ He pointed back to
the whiteboard, ‘This was personal, it was all about the victim.’

Mawden stood again looked at the photo of the victim, ‘Okay, so we take
another look at the husband. But, I need something more than his favourite
hobby.’

Ben turned his attention back to the board and studied the crime scene photos,
unsure that he could find anything new. It was too controlled and there was
nothing there that her killer didn’t want them to see. He took a closer look
at the murder weapon, unable to shake the feeling that this was significant.
_Separate bedrooms._ He turned to Mawden and said,

‘I need to get in the house.’

‘Come on Ben, you know the rules. How do you expect me to get permission for
that?’

‘I don’t, but you need another lead.’

Mawden knew that Ben was right and, if there was anything to find, Ben would
find it. He also knew that, despite the risk, this is what it would take to
catch a killer.

‘Okay,’ he replied hesitantly. ‘But how are you going to get in?’

‘Well, we both know what he will be doing this weekend don’t we?’

Another early morning. Ben sat in his car, parked next to the village green,
where he could get a good view. The house was a typical double fronted cottage
on a corner plot. As the first slithers of sunlight appeared, the doctor
walked out the front door, setting off for the weekend hunt. The car
headlights disappeared in to the valley below, and Ben looked around for any
other signs of life. He slowly got out of the car then walked to the back of
the house, searching for the key in the obvious hiding place. People were so
trusting up here.

He carefully opened the back door and crept through the kitchen and hallway.
The doctor would be out for hours, but he still had to move quickly. He didn’t
want any witnesses to this. He found the doctor’s study, noting the array of
medical books and photos of various hunting adventures. He also found an
address book and made a note of some local contacts. He made his way upstairs
and found Louise’s bedroom. He shone the torch beam over the bedside cabinets,
then a chest of drawers. Ben carefully took in what he saw and checked each
drawer, finding the usual personal items, underwear, discarded jewellery boxes
and toiletries. He suddenly felt guilty about this intrusion on her life.
_Remember why you are doing this. _He shone the torch over a small bookshelf
in the corner of the room then moved it over to the white dressing table in
the bay of the window, framed by a three-way mirror. He opened the top drawer
and found a photo album. He scanned through the images then took a closer look
at her jewellery collection. He had found what he was looking for.

Three days later Dr. Macgregor was back in the grey windowless interview room.
He was smartly dressed in a tweed suit, with a shock of greying blonde hair
and ruddy complexion. His lawyer sat next, to him, a thin man with sharp
features, wearing a smartly tailored pin stripe suit. Mawden spoke first.

‘Interview starts at 2.32pm, DCI Mawden and DI Harper present. Suspect has
been cautioned. Dr. Macgregor, we have a new line of enquiry and need to
question you further.’

His lawyer cut in, ‘My client will co-operate fully of course Inspector, but I
can’t possibly imagine how much more help we can give you.’

Mawden stopped himself from making a sarcastic retort and looked towards Ben,
nodding for him to continue, and silently praying that this would work.

‘Dr Macgregor, tell me about your wife.’

The doctor looked confused. His lawyer gestured for him to continue.

‘Well, I don’t really know what you want me to say. I loved her dearly, of
course.’

‘You’ve just told me more about yourself doctor. That’s not really what I’m
looking for,’ Ben replied. ‘How about I give it a try?’

The doctor shrugged and remained silent. Ben continued.

‘She gave up a career in journalism for you and was thinking about pursuing it
again. Her favourite colour was blue and she loved the smell of roses. Her
parents died when she was young. She liked silver jewellery and had always
wanted to travel around Asia, particularly India and Tibet.’

His lawyer cut in, ‘I really don’t see why this is relevant detective. Is this
line of enquiry actually going somewhere?’

Mawden replied, ‘She’s the victim. I think that makes this relevant.’

The lawyer sat back in his chair and gestured for Ben to continue.

‘What I learnt about your wife, who she really was I mean, led to a very
informative conversation with a local antiques dealer. It turns out that she
was a regular visitor and had told him about her interest in Asia.’

Ben placed a photo of the knife from the crime scene on the table.

‘He recognised this. He had acquired it on a trip to Asia and she was very
pleased to buy it from him. I think he said it was 19th century Tibetan, but
I’m guessing that’s not really what’s causing you concern right now.’

The doctor shifted uncomfortably in his chair, ‘No, you have me all wrong
detective, I’m not concerned about anything.’

Mawden leaned forward and fixed his stare on Dr. Macgregor. ‘You really should
be concerned doctor, because this proves the knife belonged to Louise and
makes you our prime suspect. And, despite your best efforts to distract us, I
can also prove that you faked your alibi.’

He picked up the case file, pulled out a typed statement and continued, ‘I’m
afraid your hunting partner is not as loyal as you thought. Dr. Norton was
surprisingly helpful when we finally caught up with him.’

Mawden sat back in his chair. ‘So, is there anything else you would like to
tell us?’

The colour drained from the doctor’s face. His lawyer regarded him with a
detached, cold expression then turned towards Mawden. ‘As I said Inspector, my
client will co-operate fully.’

The following day, Ben returned to the police headquarters. He had finished
his teaching and was keen to get an update on the case. As he arrived, Mawden
was on the phone. He waved him in.

‘Yes, we will be filing charges tonight. Thank you, Sir.’ He hung up and
turned to Ben.

‘Two-faced bastard. He talks about teamwork when we catch one, but until then
you’re on your own. You didn’t hear that from me OK?’

‘No problem,’ Ben replied. ‘I’ve certainly had experience of ...difficult
bosses.’

‘It doesn’t matter. The main thing is that we got him, thanks to you.’

‘You got the forensics results?’ Ben said hopefully.

‘Yes. We found traces of blood in the bedroom and all over the en-suite
bathroom, consistent with your theory about knocking her out and slitting her
throat. That’s where he killed her. We also found trace evidence in the boot
of her car. Clearly, he didn’t want to mess up his precious Jag.’

Mawden looked at Ben. ‘We couldn’t have done this without your help.’

‘You would have got there eventually,’ Ben replied modestly.

‘I’m not so sure about that. You see the details that matter and make
connections. I don’t think you realise how valuable that is.’

Ben sensed that Mawden had more to say. ‘You want to know what I found in the
house?’

‘Yes! It’s been driving me nuts! I worked out what led you to Dr. Norton.
There must have been photos of him and our killer.’

Ben replied, ‘Yeah. I also found an address book which helped narrow down the
search.’

Mawden leaned forward, ‘But, what led you to the antiques dealer? What did you
find in her bedroom?’

Ben smiled knowingly, ‘It’s what I didn’t find. There were books about India
and Tibet, but when I looked through her photo album there was no pictures of
trips there, just the usual skiing and beach holidays. This was clearly a very
personal interest. When I looked at her jewellery collection I found some
unusual pieces similar to the knife, so I figured a trip to the local antiques
dealer might be worthwhile.’

Mawden picked up the case file. ‘Well, I’m glad you did. He might have got
away with this.’

As Ben drove home, the sun was setting, echoing its orange and pink hues on
the patchy cloud cover. Working with Mawden again had been an enjoyable
challenge and he couldn’t deny how good it had felt to catch a killer, to make
a difference. A cautionary voice was telling him to stay away, but he knew he
wouldn’t listen. This was something he needed to do and there was no going
back. He suddenly felt a chill and turned up the temperature dial.

