### GUNfight by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2014-11-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A high school student and a team of his classmates investigate alleged Albino territory in the mountains of New Jersey and are subsequently met with deadly force. Based on a New Jersey urban legend. 

* * *

Enter Gunther Wasserfall, descendent of a German officer and scientist in
WWII, violent by nature, and naturally deadly. Most of the day he works at a
military rocket test site, shoveling coal into a boiler to power the site. By
night he reads and studies works on weapons, warfare, and psychology. One
autumn day, he is suddenly intrigued by a strange mythology book about
peculiar, supernatural, and unexplained places, incidents, and people in his
home state. The section that interests him most is a collection of tales on an
Albino colony located deep within his state’s heavily wooded mountains. The
Albinos are said to be extremely territorial, threatening any trespassers with
guns and bats. Signs are put up on the edge of their property, warning
“serious injury or death may result from trespassing” and that one can be held
responsible for such violations. Wasserfall decides to investigate and get to
the bottom of it all by leading an expedition of 20 men from the junior class
at his high school into the Albino colony. Gunther or Gun as his friends call
him is 17, most of the men in his grade at Hellendoorn High School in
Westfield, New Jersey are less mature and more unorganized than Gun, but are
eager to prove their machismo so they quickly volunteer. Of the 20 on the
expedition only five are real friends to Gun, the rest are either adventure
seekers or out to prove their machismo. Gun tells everyone to bring some sort
of protection because the Albinos are known to get violent. That night Gun
retrieves the M9 9mm Berretta that his uncle Heisenberg gave him after
returning from a 6-month tour with the Army in Iraq. Gunther takes the gun out
of his secret spot for it, loads it, and puts it in a holster on his side. The
next day at 4:00pm, Gun and the rest of the “team” arrive via their personal
vehicles on the outskirts of the suspected Albino colony location. After
briefing everyone on what their mission is, Gun and the “team” head into the
woods. On the trek through the woods the machismists brag about their
fearlessness and when Gunther tells them to focus they threaten to kill him
and the Albinos. Gun senses impending violence and a serious battle ahead, but
ignores the feelings and presses onward.

Gun spots a dirt road similar to the one the witnesses described in their
stories. The colony could not be far. Gun walks into the middle of the road to
scout ahead. Mere seconds later, an Albino pulls up in a jeep wrangler and
points a shotgun at his head. “What do you want?” “You best turn around.” The
Albino growls at Gunther. Gunther smiles at the Albino, secretly moving his M9
Berretta to the edge of his coat jacket. “I expected nothing less,” Gun calmly
says, before firing his M9 pistol through his coat. His shot nixes the Albino,
but seconds later another comes from behind Gunther and hits him with a
baseball bat. “Arrggh!” Gunther cries as he falls to the ground. The Albino
raises his bat. “Somebody shoot him!” Gunther orders. The subsequent blow is
blocked by Gunther’s arm. “Shoot him, damn it!” Gun pleads. As the Albino
raises his bat again, he is shot and killed by the revolver of a “team”
member. By this time a group of Albinos have emerged from their crude colonial
houses wielding shotguns and hunting rifles. As Gun gets up they unleash a
hellish barrage of bullets that kills five members of his expedition outright.
“Kill ‘em all!” Gun screams as he and others open fire. Everyone either hits
the deck or takes cover as bullets fly everywhere. Albino gunfire slaughters
two more team members. Wasserfall and one of his friends take cover behind a
tree. Wasserfall’s friend fires his BB gun at an advancing Albino, it injures
the attacker and he sinks to his knees in pain. Gun’s friend fires the BB
pistol again. The second shot hits the Albino in the head, killing him. Gun
fires his M9 from behind the tree, the two-round salvo he lets loose hits and
kills one of the shotgun wielding Albinos. The machismist fires a Czech pistol
from behind a slim tree as well; the fire from his pistol kills another
shotgun-firing Albino. However, the friend of the machismist is soon hit by an
Albino shotgun blast. As the machismist kneels down to console his dying
friend, they are both soon hit by shotgun blasts from the Albinos. Another
team member is shot and killed trying to call the police on his phone. Gun
yells above the din “Someone call the police, use your satellite phones!” as
he ducks behind a tree.

Gunther sees the dead corpse of the team member with a satellite phone and
dashes from tree-to-tree, diving at the end to reach the phone. Gun throws the
phone to his scientist friend who is squatting behind a thick tree firing a
small caliber pistol. The phone lands by the scientist’s foot and he picks it
up. “I’m out of munitions!” he protests. “Just call the police!” Gun shouts
back dismissively. Even more Albinos have materialized from the colony, some
carrying rifles, others shotguns, Wasserfall even thinks he saw a Molotov
cocktail on the belt of an Albino. One Albino has climbed onto the roof of a
house in the colony, lying prone with an M21 sniper rifle; he readies himself
to pick off the intruders. As an AK-74 assault rifle brandishing Albino
charges onto the field he lets loose a long burst, forcing everyone to hit the
deck again. A well-prepared team member with a .22-caliber semiautomatic rifle
fires a fatal shot into the stomach of an Albino entering the battle. The
AK-74 rifleman Albino sees this and fires another burst that clips the team
member in the head, killing him. While this happens the scientist calls the
local police bellowing into the phone “We need help! We’re being attacked by
about 20 heavily armed madmen, they have automatic weapons! Send everyone
you’ve got, we’re off Route 29 outside Clifton, in the woods, down the dirt
path, about 400 meters down it I think, hurry!” he loses the connection. A
team member armed only with a cap gun gets up from his cover and makes a run
for civilization, the Albino sniper puts his crosshairs on the team member’s
back, fires and kills him. The scene flashes to inside the local police
station. “Oh my god, sounds horrible out there, do you hear that gunfire?” The
dispatcher asks to the officers within earshot. “All units immediately report
to Route 29 look for a dirty pathway, I repeat look for a dirt pathway, follow
it, I say again follow it about 400 meters down, you’ll know when you’ve
reached the right area, believe me. Multiple heavily armed suspects. Multiple
armed civilians on scene as well. Shots fired all units respond!” A police
officer inside the station whispers to another “If this is really that bad,
they’re going to need more than a few squad cars!” “What are you thinking?”
the other inquires suspiciously. “The Harley with the fifty.” the officer
responds grimly.

“Exactly! I hope it still works though we haven’t used it since 1946!” The
other officer answers cautiously. The two officers rush to a clandestine
garage outside the police station where they pull a sheet off the cycle
revealing its weaponry. The scene flickers to several other officers in their
squad cars, when they receive the dispatch, they drop what they’re doing and
drive off in a rush. The scene then switches back to the gun-battle in the
woods. “I’ve called them; they’re on their way here!” The scientist hollers to
Gunther. “Everyone hold what you got!” Gun commands in a determined manner as
he temporarily exposes himself to get a better shot. His shot slams into the
chest of an Albino armed with a shotgun. Gunther’s Vietnamese friend leans out
from behind a tree and fires three BBs from his Israeli Desert Eagle BB gun
into an Albino leaning on fallen tree trunk Gun’s stoner friend stands up to
fire his BB pistol as well, but is cut down by a burst of Dragunov sniper
fire. Of the two houses in view of the team, both have snipers on the roof.
Finally a police car arrives on scene, but it is quickly hit with several
shotgun blasts. The hood flies off and the engine catches fire. The driver
stops the car from hitting a tree, but is soon killed by a fatal shot to the
chest. A second squad car speeds in just seconds after the first, but the
Albino firing the AK-74 rakes the vehicle with a sheet of rounds. The officer
inside the squad car dies after being hit multiple times. As the squad car
flails out of control the Albino’s rounds hit the gas tank, flipping the auto
in the explosion and setting it on fire. Soon a third squad car arrives on
scene. The Albino sniper fires his M21 and blows out the front tire. The
officer then loses control of the car and it hits a tree head on. The officer
is killed on impact and the car starts to burn. Wasserfall enraged that their
hopes of survival are being erased, stands up and fires a three round burst,
killing the Albino with the AK-74. A team member fires his paintball gun at
the Albinos. One of his shots blinds an Albino rifleman temporarily and
seconds later Gun fires a fatal shot into the Albino’s stomach. However, as
the paintballer looks over at Gunther to smile in victory, Dragunov rounds hit
him and drop him dead.

The scene then morphs back to the hidden garage outside the police station.
The two officers are wearing body armor and cycle helmets. “You ready?” asks
the driving officer nervously. The officer in the side car cocks the M2
.50-caliber heavy machine gun. “Let’s rock!” he grunts enthusiastically. The
motorcycle fires up and speeds out of the garage. The scene flips back to the
firefight. Gunther leans over the rock is he is hiding behind to observe the
area. Three more police cars arrive on scene in quick succession. The Albino
sniper fires his M21 and riddles the lead car with bullets. The car comes to a
controlled stop but as the officer gets out to take up a defensive position he
is fatally shot by the sniper. Gunther sees the muzzle flashes and realizes
where the sniper is. Gun adjusts himself and fires a single well-aimed shot
into the sniper’s forehead. The Albino dies and falls off the roof of the
house. An under-armed team member tosses his small caliber pistol away and
retrieves a shotgun from a blazing police car. He whips around and fires a
shotgun blast into the chest of a charging Albino. Meanwhile the other two
police cars take fire but last long enough for the officers to get out and
start firing their .357 magnum revolvers. Their first shots hit and kill an
Albino firing a pistol from a standing position. Gun inclines out from his
cover and fires a fatal shot into the chest of an Albino blazing away with a
MAC-10. Two more police cars arrive on scene. The cars again take fire and
while they are slowing to a stop an Albino lands a Molotov right on the
windshield of one of the police cars, engulfing the vehicle in flames, turning
it into a rolling funeral pyre. Gun’s friend carefully aims his BB gun and
fires a shot that hits a Molotov cocktail in the hand of an Albino. The Albino
and two other Albinos around him are showered in flames as a result. Gun fires
a fatal shot into one of the burning Albinos. Gun’s friend fires a BB into the
neck of another and an officer puts a magnum slug into the third. In that time
two more police cars have arrived and the officers in them have deployed into
shootout positions, adding on to the three black-and-whites currently on
scene. “The Albinos are starting to show signs of weakening, but we’re going
to need heavier armament and more manpower to break them.” Gunther thinks to
himself.

“Fall back behind the cars!” Gun yells to the six remaining members of his
team. The police fire at a faster pace as they desperately try to cover the
team’s withdrawal. Their covering fire kills two shotgun blasting Albinos in a
hail of bullets. Two heavily armed Albinos advance from the colony, one
carrying an SKS carbine and the other an AR-15 assault rifle. The Albino
raises the AR-15 to his shoulder and fires a three-round burst into the back
of a team member, killing him. Then he fires the rest of his clip into a
nearby cop car, killing the officer in a blaze of lead. Two more police cars
rush to the scene. The Albino with the SKS fires his entire clip into an
onrushing police car setting it afire and killing the officer inside. Gun, his
VC friend, and an officer lean over the car they are taking cover behind and
fire on the Albinos to devastating effect. Gun’s two-round burst kills the
AR-15 gunner Albino. The officer fires a shotgun blast into the Albino with
the SKS, killing him instantly. An Albino with a refused pineapple hand
grenade crawls close to a police car then rolls it underneath it. Seconds
later the grenade explodes sending the cop car a few feet into the air for a
moment and setting it alight. An officer and Gun’s scientist team member are
both killed in the explosion. Gun’s Vietnamese friend drops his BB pistol and
picks up a discarded micro Uzi, unloading a three-round burst into the
grenadier Albino. Gun realizes the Albinos are resisting fiercely and that the
cops can’t survive much longer. All the sudden the motorcycle with the
.50-caliber machine gun roars onto the field. Swerving away from trees and
destroyed cop cars, it rushes forward at a frightening pace. “Don’t stop
firing!” the officer on the cycle grunts to the cop manning the gun. With that
the gunner officer opens up with the .50-caliber weapon catching the Albinos
off guard and killing five of them in the opening burst. The driver slows down
to increase shot accuracy. Three Albinos rush onto the field just to be cut
down. Another sniper tries to climb to the M21 sniper’s former position, but
is shot down as well. Two Kalashnikov carrying Albinos fall dead in the
fusillade when they try to make a break for it. However, without warning
Dragunov rounds savage the cycle’s side car, wounding the gunner in the legs.
More incoming rounds kill the driver. The cycle slowly comes to a stop, the
.50-caliber weapon jams and the gunner is trapped as the cycle begins to burn…

Trivia

1) Originally written in a green one subject spiral notebook circa 2004/2005

2) Several of Gun’s team members and his uncle, are vaguely based on real life
people

3) The weapons used, Gunther’s last name/backstory, the high school’s name and
the motorcycle are taken from/influenced by an expansion pack of Battlefield
1942 about secret weapons of WWII, the game Delta Force: Black Hawk Down, and
the game the Suffering.

4) Albino colony idea taken from a “Weird New Jersey” book

5) Story is unfinished. My idea for the end involved a SWAT team arriving in
an LVT-2 Water Buffalo armed with two .50-caliber machine guns. They’d finally
end the gun battle with massive, overwhelming firepower. A SWAT lieutenant
would be a foil to Gunther. As the investigation of the devastating battle
continued, the SWAT lieutenant, Lt. Blount, would form a relationship with an
Albino widow and impregnate her. Gunther would go on to a successful career of
some kind.

