### THE JERSEY CITY WAR by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2014-11-23. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A brutal gang war breaks out in one of New Jersey's largest cities during the initial months of the Iraq War 

* * *

**THE JERSEY CITY WAR: JANUARY 17th 2003--MAY 8th 2003**

  

  

Buried in the headlines by news of the looming War in Iraq and possible
terrorist attacks, the Jersey City War was a 112-day conflict between two
powerful rival gangs, the Prowlerz, led by an enigmatic man named Depth
Charge, and the Nightcrawlers, headed by a 6’7, muscular, bald, tattooed man
called Sabre. Both gangs had hundreds of loyal and heavily armed men in their
ranks. The Nightcrawler’s trademark was wearing shoulder holsters; every
member except Sabre, sported one. The Prowlerz signature look was a jet black
ski mask. While more similar than different, both gangs wanted power,
absolute, unmitigated power and total control of the city. In a way, it was
inevitable; the two biggest dogs on the block would have to fight at some
point. Only one could be supreme.

  

  

Fighting raged for months in all kinds of manifestations. Guerilla tactics,
sniper attacks, full on house-to-house fighting, trench warfare, riots,
assassinations, chemical warfare attacks, drive-by shootings, massacres,
fistfights, street brawls, home invasions, armed robberies, bombings,
stabbings, vandalism, espionage, sabotage, and economic warfare, all were
witnessed during the intense struggle. Despite its severity, the war contained
itself exculsively to Jersey City, New Jersey. In the rest of the state, life
continued on unmolested.

  

  

In mid-February 2003, there was a citywide riot in Jersey City; originally a
mix of anti-Iraq War protestors and a demonstration of grievances about
economic conditions, the gangs used it as cover, deploying their men into a
full-on pitched battle. Occasionally, Jersey City Police Department (JCPD)
special weapons and tactics (SWAT) teams intervened, gunning down both sides,
only regarding bystanders as non-hostile. Dozens died in the riot, one
infamous incident included a gun-battle outside a gym/Laundromat between
police, Nightcrawlers, Prowlerz, a local high school track team, and anti-Iraq
War protestors. Police managed to restore calm after few days, more through
fully automatic gunfire, than tear gas and rubber bullets.

  

  

In late-March 2003 with US-led Coalition military forces rampaging towards
Baghdad on the world stage, a fierce World War I style battle erupted between
the two gangs in the Antioch Woods on the outskirts of Jersey City. Both sides
suffered heavy casualties in the ensuing fight, eventually mutually abandoning
their positions, with no gains being made. In light of this melee in the
muddy, windy, rainy, tree strewn trenches of the Antioch Woods, both sides
suddenly faced desertions within their own previously diehard loyal ranks.

  

  

In April 2003, eleven days after the fall of Baghdad to Coalition military
forces, three Prowlerz who were local Jersey City high school students,
launched a chemical attack on their school. Wearing hazmat suits and gas
masks, they attempted to position and unleash barrels of unspecified toxic
chemicals, fumes, liquid and all upon their majority-Nightcrawler high school.
An enraged Nightcrawler-affiliated student retrieved a handgun from his locker
and stormed after them. A JCPD SWAT team eventually responded to frantic 911
calls and charged into the school, all three Prowlerz and the Nightcrawler
student were killed in the resultant confrontation. There were no other
casualties.

  

  

As President Bush declared “Mission Accomplished” in Iraq on May 1, 2003,
Nightcrawler leader Sabre, his bodyguards, and his second-in-command were
spotted by an off-duty JCPD officer leaving a movie theater. A 24/7 on-call
special SWAT team, specifically tasked with taking down the gangs and ending
the Jersey City War, quickly moved in and engaged Sabre and his entourage in a
nearby parking garage. Not a single Nightcrawler survived the shootout.
Sabre’s body was positively identified by his various eccentric tattoos and
the custom-engraved Desert Eagle pistol found near his body.

  

  

A few days later, another element of the 24/7 on-call SWAT team took out Depth
Charge, the leader of the Prowlerz, as he was inducting a new class of
Prowlerz trainees. He was wearing a dark brown cloak and carried an ivory
handled German Luger pistol at the time of his death. Fortunately, the class
of recruits decided it was better to surrender than to sacrifice themselves to
the Prowlerz lifestyle, creed and code.

  

  

On May 8, 2003, the 58th anniversary of the end of the Second World War in
Europe, representatives from both gangs signed an armistice, effectively
ending the Jersey City War. The War had begun on January 17th, the anniversary
of both the start of the Gulf War and the battle of Cowpens in the American
Revolution. Around 1,000 people, mostly members of the two gangs, had died in
the Jersey City War. Simply said, it was all over power.

  

  

In the years since, the three most accurate and most detailed accounts of the
largely forgotten Jersey City War were written by two Nightcrawlers and a SWAT
officer. One of the Nightcrawlers was a bartender at a Jersey City nightclub
named “Salvation.” He frequently fought hand-to-hand with Prowlerz during the
routine weekend rowdiness. Later he joined a combat squad of Nightcrawlers and
fought in the citywide riot of February 2003.

  

  

The second account was by a “combat” Nightcrawler, Lance Corporal (both gangs
based their structure off the US Armed Forces rank system) Jesse Owens. He
fought in vicious street and house-to-fighting. His grandfather being a Second
World War infantry veteran, Owens wrote, “I believe my grandfather was in the
same situation I was.” Owens fought in the war from February to March, killing
countless Prowlerz in that time with his M1 Garand rifle. After his entire
squad was killed in the fight at Antioch Woods, he threw down his arms and
vowed never to pick them up again.

  

  

The third narrative was a by a Jersey City Police Department SWAT officer code
named “Fastlane.” He participated in the notoriously chaotic gym/Laundromat
shootout during citywide riot of February 2003. As the war progressed, he was
promoted up to team leader of his element. It was his element, under his
leadership that overwhelmed Nightcrawler leader Sabre’s posse in the parking
garage outside the downtown movie theater. At the time of his writing, he was
still in active service with the department’s SWAT unit.

  

