### OPERATION BRYANT by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2014-11-25. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A US Army commando assists Australian police in confronting an armed and extremely dangerous mass murderer responsible for the Broad Arrow Caf� massacre of 1996 

* * *

**OPERATION BRYANT**

  

  

It is January 2008; a former US Army First sergeant codenamed “Kane,” sits in
a cold steel chair, shackled at the arms and legs, leaning over a sterile
metal table. He was previously a member of the premier US special operations
unit, Commando Group 752, in which he led an incredibly distinguished career.
Then, after nearly five years of continuous and intensive combat operations,
he cracked, or more accurately, they cracked. During the East holiday of April
2007, team member US Air Force Master sergeant Wrench caught 1SG Kane having
sex with his daughter. An argument erupted which led to pistols being drawn.
MSGT Wrench was killed and 1SG Kane was wounded in the ensuing firefight. 1SG
Kane was tried, convicted, and while spared prison time, was virtually wiped
out, financially and status-wise. He was reduced in rank to a sergeant, lost
his chance at being awarded a Congressional Medal of Honor, and a restraining
order was placed on him against the remaining members of Commando Group 752.
Any violations of that order could result in automatic prison time and if
group members felt threatened they were authorized to shoot him on-sight.
Still, none of this deterred sergeant Kane. He infiltrated the vacation house
of Commando Group 752 in North Carolina during July of that same year, where
he had sex with and impregnated MSGT Wrench’s daughter. Going undiscovered,
former 1SG Kane infiltrated team member US Army Sergeant first class Brick’s
house that Christmas, where he again engaged in sexual activity with MSGT
Wrench’s daughter. When they were discovered by SFC Brick, former 1SG Kane was
physically beaten by him, offering no resistance, and immediately a disgusted
SFC Brick resigned from the Army after 17 years of active duty service. Former
1SG Kane was then arrested by the Criminal Investigation Division (CID) of the
US Army without incident. Now facing interrogation and the rest of his life in
prison, former 1SG Kane has threatened to go public with several of the “black
ops” which he took part in. These revelations would turn the world upside down
for a lot of people and possibly lead to a lot of blood being spilled.
Needless to say, they’d be extremely damaging. In addition to threatening to
tell of the 2005 US-orchestrated attack on a Japanese military convoy in Iraq
which killed 24 Japanese troops and injured 12, former 1SG Kane has threatened
to let the world know of Operation Bryant.

  

  

Operation Bryant was a joint operation by the Tasmanian police, Australian
Special Police, and Australian SASR (Special Air Services Regiment) to capture
or kill "Clive" the man responsible for a majority of the murders in the
infamous Port Arthur Massacre of April 28-29, 1996. "Clive" committed the
bloodiest portion of the massacre at the Board Arrow Cafe where in 15 seconds
he killed 12 people and injured 10 more. In the space of just 90 to 120
seconds, he killed 20 people and wounded 12. He fired 29 shots of which 19
ended in fatal headshots, truly the feat of an expert and one of the top
shooters in the world. He was last seen escaping the burning Seascape house at
the end of the massacre/standoff and running across a drawbridge. After a
continuous, lengthy, drawn out, detail obsessive, thorough, completely secret
investigation that lasted over 10 years, they had finally tracked "Clive"
down. The operation was going to be an extremely dangerous one; "Clive" was a
one of the most ruthless mass murderers in history and an absolute master of
firearms. The Governor of Tasmania had signed a special proclamation giving
the SASR permission to take part in the operation. Normally, military units
are prohibited from taking part in law enforcement operations, but due to the
importance and the history-making nature of the operation, an exception was
made. The operation was kept secret until the day before the jump-off. The
SASR allowed elite special operations and counter-terror units to act as
observers for the operation. Given only a days' notice, MSGT Kane,
representing the Green Berets, was the only man sent from the US. It was a
weekend; MSGT Kane had neither school nor training nor a mission. A total of
ten representatives from elite special operations and counter-terror units
showed up on the day of operation to act as observers. There were
representatives from the American Green Berets, the German Grenzschutzgruppe 9
(GSG 9), the French Groupe d'Intervention de la Gendarmerie Nationale (GIGN),
the Japanese Special Assault Team (SAT), the British Special Air Service
(SAS), the Canadian Joint Task Force 2 (JTF-2), the British Special Boat
Service (SBS), the Russian Spetznaz, the Italian Comando Raggruppamento
Subacquei e Incursori Teseo Tesei (COMSUBIN), and the South Korean Special
Forces. The ten representatives stood back, a few of them grasping telescopes,
as the Tasmanian police, Australian Special Police, and the SASR closed in on
the target house from three sides early on a Sunday morning. "Clive" was
sitting at his kitchen table, having breakfast, initial surprise being
achieved. The three teams approached the house and gained entry making
absolutely no noise. Everything went haywire all at once; "Clive" looked up
casually from his newspaper and saw a Tasmanian policeman’s reflection on a
window. Knowing they could only be there for one reason, "Clive" leaned back
in his chair picked up a Belgian made FN Five-seven pistol and took aim at the
door. Soon the Tasmanian policeman's head came silently into view. "Clive"
fired the Five-seven pistol putting a bullet right into the center of the
Tasmanian policeman's forehead, killing him instantly. The dead policeman fell
forward and made a loud thump, the policeman standing behind him bent down to
drag the dead officer out and was subsequently shot in the shoulder then
through the top of the head, also falling forward dead. The Australian Special
Police team surged forward after the first shot, the two lead men busted
through a door into the kitchen. "Clive" rolled from his chair on to the floor
and propped the table up as cover. The two lead Australian Special policemen
both opened up with their MP5 submachine guns using the groucho walk. "Clive"
dived behind the table and made three quick shots. Two hit one Australian
Special policeman center mass, the third went right between his eyes, killing
him. "Clive" shot the second Australian Special policeman in the chest, but
was unable to finish him off as the SASR team barged in, also firing full
tilt. "Clive" shot out a ceiling fan with the rest of his clip, which fell
down on the SASR team stunning them momentarily. He then killed the two lead
SASR men with perfect headshots after performing a speed reload. The Tasmanian
police team had pulled back by now, the SASR and the Australian Special
policemen suppressed the hell out of "Clive" as they withdrew, firing several
magazines of ammunition. "Clive" stood up and charged forward while firing at
the SASR team. Two SASR operatives were wounded, a third was killed, but in
his dying breaths he wounded "Clive." Outside the ten observers all drew their
personal sidearms and got into shootout positions, some helped the wounded.
One Tasmanian police man yelled for everyone to open fire and saturate the
house. "Clive" leaned out the window opened fire on a police car, killing one
Tasmanian policeman and wounding two others. Everyone opened up on the house
and saturated it for a good ten minutes with hundreds of rounds of ammunition.
MSGT Kane made sure not to use up all his ammunition. He was wielding his
signature custom made and tailored M1911 pistol; the initials of his real name
were engraved in the grip along with two dozen notch marks. When the lull
finally came, everyone hurriedly reloaded. The COMSUBIN observer was firing a
specially made pistol, an HK P11, capable of firing underwater. It had a very
distinctive sound to it. When the lull came he was one of the few still firing
their last shells. The unique sound allowed "Clive" to pinpoint his location.
"Clive" crawled to a closet, retrieved an AR-15 assault rifle, mentally
located the COMSUBIN’s position and fired a single blind shot through the wall
of the house that hit the COMSUBIN in his chest, killing him. "Clive" had been
wounded for a second time during the mass firing not surprisingly. The
surviving observers ordered the remaining Tasmanian police and Australian
Special Police to unleash hell upon the house, fire with everything they got
from pistols to rifles. The SASR operators as well as the observers knew
they’d have to quickly charge the house and take “Clive” while he was still
stunned and suppressed by the fusillade, otherwise none of them might be
leaving here, the man was just that deadly. As the bombardment commenced, a
team of volunteers assembled. Under protective umbrella of heavy suppressive
fire a team of volunteers composing of SASR operators, MSGT Kane, the SAS
observer, the SBS man, and the SAT man charged the house, sprinting full out
before dropping prone near a side door. They stacked up, one behind the other,
guns out, and pushed forward, kicking down shattered bullet riddled doors and
furniture. They unexpectedly burst in on "Clive," who was lying behind the
lower piping of his kitchen sink, partially shielded from the fire outside.
Inside, however, he was vulnerable and exposed and now they were on his flank.
The lead SASR operator wounded "Clive" a third time with a flurry of shots.
"Clive" whipped around wildly like a coiled snake and fired a string of
inaccurate shots at the hastily assembled team with the FN Five-seven pistol;
his AR-15 lay nearby, smashed to bits by bullets. The lead SASR man was hit in
the chest and paralyzed for life from the waist down, the SAT man and SBS
operator were also wounded with center mass shots and stumbled backward. MSGT
Kane and the SAS observer dropped flat to the floor and fired at “Clive”
clenching their pistols with a two handed grip. “Clive” was wounded a fourth
time in this exchange. As MSGT Kane and the SAS operator reloaded, “Clive”
desperately began crawling away out of the kitchen, wounded and profusely
bleeding from multiple locations. The SAT man and SBS operator re-emerged and
stood over MSGT Kane and the SAS observer, they fired crazed shots at “Clive,”
missing with every single shell as they were wounded and panicking. The fire
achieved its purpose though. A severely wounded “Clive” dragged himself onto a
couch in his living room and soon after fatally shot himself in the head with
the FN Five-seven pistol, the shot nearly causing his head to explode as the
round the Five-seven pistol used was extremely powerful (even capable of
penetrating bulletproof vests). MSGT Kane and the other special operations men
ran into the room guns drawn seconds later to discover it was all over. The
weight being lifted, everyone breathed a sigh of relief and holstered their
weapons; they began securing the scene, taking care of the wounded and
searching the house. One man. 8 men dead and 8 wounded, just for one man, and
the public would never and could never know. “Clive” was already a non-person;
he had to wipe out his own identity to survive a manhunt this long and this
exhaustive. The dead police and special operations men would be written off as
“killed during a live fire training exercise.” Before the men dispersed from
the site, the veteran SASR officer in command warned them all, regardless of
who they were or what they accomplished from that day forth, if they ever
spoke of what transpired here, they’d be hunted down and killed, irrespective
of cost. MSGT Kane remembered the man’s war scarred face and grave tone as he
gave the first and last warning. But now, coming back to reality in the
freezing interrogation room, CID men and the officer in charge of Commando
Group 752, “Chief,” standing across the table from him, the warning seemed
less real, 20 months into the past already. He was already facing death and
prison, staring down the barrel of a loaded gun. He’d really screwed up this
time, either way he was done; threatening to go public with the “black ops”
was his trump card. The question was, would his interrogators buy it? Would
the public even? Only one way to find out….

