### The Boss Lady by hedinsen

**Date Added:** 2014-12-07. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Mild Language -- Ed and Stacy meet the true Black Widow testing their skills against the leader of the city�s crime syndicate. It becomes an all-out battle of wits against the Diva of crime. 

* * *

The Lady Boss

Ed and Stacy – Bounty Hunters

Mild Language \-- Ed and Stacy meet the true Black Widow testing their skills
against the leader of the city’s crime syndicate. It becomes an all-out battle
of wits against the Diva of crime. And the police just stand back and watch
the outcome.

1.

Stacy leaned against the breakfast counter watching Ed make coffee.

“I’m surprised that doesn’t make you sick,” she said as he dumped a full scoop
of grounds on top of what was already there. “And you’re adding water to the
pot to heat the coffee from yesterday. That’s not very healthy.”

“Yup. Good Army coffee served downrange, heated on the engine cowl of a M113
after one hundred and ten miles to contact ...”

“Think I’ll be sick.”

"Not feeling good?"

"No. Your idea of coffee."

The cell phone rang.

“Well there goes the morning,” said Ed. Checking the caller ID answering the
call, “Halley and Morgan Services…”

“_Yes_, _Ed_,” came a very officious voice. “_Have you checked the fax this
morning?_”

Stacy shook head. “Oops. Forgot.”

“Not yet, sir.”

“_An interesting piece. When you’ve read it give me a call back_.” The line
went dead.

The two were running downstairs to the basement to the fax machine. Two pieces
of paper lay on the tray waiting for them.

“Oh …” Stacy looked over the Fax copy while Ed read the fact sheet their boss
sent them.

“Wonderful. So we get to take on the supposed last of the big ones – Doris
Klein, huh?”

“Another of the Untouchables …”

“The State and Feds want her real bad.” Ed sat at the computers thinking for a
moment. “Do you have any idea where she lives?”

“No. As far as anybody knows, it’s a well-kept secret. Almost better than the
government and the Roswell incident.”

“Now that’s pretty good.” Ed thought for a moment, snapped his fingers. “I
know a way.”

“That’s pretty good. So what are you going to do?”

Ed held a finger to his lips. “Ssh. You know nuttin’, okay?”

He bent back to the key board, signed onto the utility company site then
opened another site and played with the key board a minute.

“You’re hack…?”

“Sssh. Not so loud, babe.”

“Sorry.” She leaned on his back to watch him as he entered the city Utility
Company site.

“Figure everybody needs electricity and water and refuse disposal and
occasional repairs. Even a well-kept secret the utility and water company will
have the real addresses on file.” After a few more minutes a site of
customer’s names and addresses popped open. “Ta da!”

Stacy read the address. “Oh I know where she is now. Up in the hills above the
city.”

“So she can keep an eye on her kingdom. But…” Ed opened Google Earth, entered
the address and zeroed in on the house. “Bingo! And there is her fortress.
They cleared the scrub oak and pine back several hundred meters from the
house.”

“Security.”

“And safety. She must have gotten real paranoid last year when that heavy
forest fire burned to within a few meters of the house and she was forced to
evacuate – the police emptied the estates out. She musta been really upset
having to stay at an evacuation center.”

“What do you suggest?”

“Reconnaissance.”

2.

The road and hiking trail led up a narrow track following a route paralleling
the development on the west side of the mountain. Ed and Stacy got out
pantomiming checking the map and sights in the area. Ed acted like he was
showing off to his naïve girlfriend how to read a map and a GPS, the cell
phones camera, both playing their roles to the hilt. Ed was able to take two
shots of the font of the house using Stacy as a model.

Ed and Stacy stood on the right side of the truck, Stacy played with
binoculars looking around as if trying them out. She looked toward Doris
Klein’s house.

“That’s not a house, that’s a small fortress over there.” Stacy took two more
pictures of the house to be certain.

Keeping his head down, Ed said, “What do you see?”

“Some of the guards she has standing inside the doors and by the east windows.
No body outside.”

“Keep the bad guys away from the boss lady. Let’s move on and hope we can see
the backside of the house.”

Ed drove slowly past the house Stacy took several more pictures.

They drove along the road until Stacy said, “Okay, take it real easy along
here. Easy … Stop a second…”

Leaning over the seats, Stacy used the binoculars to check out the back of the
house. She took two more pictures. “Can’t see the other end but that’s the
garage end.”

“Yup, just what I thought,” she said scanning as much as she could see.
“Appears that the guards stand inside where they’re not be noticed by the
other residents.”

Then Stacy said, “Pick it up a little bit… Oh! No wonder – her royal highness
is sun bathing.”

“Oh …?”

“Keep your eyes on the road and keep driving. I’ll do the looking for us. Men
…”

Ed laughed.

Two hours later Ed was down loading the pictures from the cell phone and 35mm
camera to the computer. They picked the best pictures then archived the rest,

“Since Kaufman and Jerome have been eliminated I’ll bet she is real paranoid
about now. We’re going to have to approach her real cautiously.”

Stacy sat opposite Ed as he sketched out a diagram of the house. Together they
sketched in every detail they could remember.

“You know darn well she has intrusion alarms inside. Some of the wealthy
places have them outside too but that won’t work there.”

“Why?

“Wildlife. I bet she wakes up in the morning to find a herd of deer in her
back yard poking their noses at the glass.” Ed marked the diagram where the
cameras would be. “Also, I bet that place is prone to power outages once in a
while and she of course has a generator backup system like everyone else.”

“Do like we did to Kaufmann? Disable the generator first?”

“We can but problem we’re going to have is the power is for other houses in
that area – she has at least four neighbors. Got an idea …” He pulled up the
Weather Channel. “Yup – predicting rain next week plus a moonless night. We
need to get busy.”

Ed accessed the Regional Planning Commission’s site to find the blueprints to
the inside of Doris Klein’s house. Studying the blue prints interior he set up
the printer with large format paper to print off copies of the house. Clearing
the site he and Stacy set to studying the layout.

Using a second computer, Stacy used Google Earth to do an aerial
reconnaissance of the property again.

“Well one thing is in our favor, the house backs on the State Park.”

Looking at the image Ed saw where they would come out into the Park near the
upper water tank.

“We can park near the water tank, backing in to the weeds so the truck isn’t
seen from the road by the Forest Service patrols. And … Ah! There that
separate building – I’ll bet that is the generator. You we might have a
problem with the commercial power. We may or may not have to sacrifice three
or four houses around there to knock out the main power source for them too.

3.

Doris Klein could be described as tall and striking, with blazing emerald
green eyes and a condescending smile. She stood by the curtained bed room
windows staring longingly into the night. Soft mellow music played in the
background. Doris realized right away she had become a prisoner in her own
house. The only ones left to do the real work for her now were one of the
three street thug gangs who were little better than incompetent clowns; no
imagination. She all but had to tell them when to come in out of the rain.
Flicking her long thick raven hair back from an eye she let the curtain fall
back in place. She couldn’t go out to a club or bar anymore for an evening of
socialize.

There was a soft tap at the door.

“Enter,” she called without turning around to see who it was. It could only be
one of three people who would enter her bed chamber.

Another tall stately dark haired woman entered with a tray carrying a chased
silver pitcher with a cup and saucer and spoon. The girl set it on the table
in the middle of the room and quietly left. Soon only her body guards would
remain awake and hopefully vigilant. Walking to the table she sat to pour the
hot tea in to the cup to drink and think. She had been worried before but not
like this. Kaufmann and Jerome – both wiped out to the person and maybe one,
maybe two people did the work. According to what she learned from her lawyer
the police did not seem too anxious to catch this person or persons. Somebody
was doing their heavy work for them.

Two pairs of eyes watched Doris step back from the window pulling the curtains
tight. No light seeped through. Lowering the binoculars Stacy looked at the
house again then watched the down stairs door slide open and a man in a dark
business suit step out onto the patio deck to look around.

“There is our way in,” she said in a soft whisper, “watch this guy for a
minute.”

Ed watched the other light a cigarette. “Idiot. I can see him light that
cancer stick from all the way over here.”

“What’s the saying? Shorten your life by eight minutes?”

“How about permanently.” Ed studied the back of the house

The two backed away careful not to make any noise among the dry weeds and
brush. They froze as they heard a snuffling and the slow rustle of the
underbrush. Ed put his arm around Stacy.

“Ssh. Quiet, deer to the right. Where there are deer there will be one or two
cougars.”

“Huh? Coug…?” she hissed frantically looking around for the oversized house
cat.

Ed put his hand over her mouth to silence her. “Sssssh!”

In the half-light they could see the small herd of deer moving through the
brush and scrub oak. They lay silent letting the deer pass pausing for
mouthful of the scrub grass or leaves from a bush. Ed was right, it was not
but a minute later a mountain lion put in an appearance stalking the deer.
Stacy buried her face in Ed’s side not wanting to see what would happen.

A burst of noise and activity masked their withdrawal.

“Come on, hurry up!”

The night and noise of the animals covered Ed and Stacy slipping back down the
hill to the truck.

“I don’t think we’ll be that lucky the next time,” said Ed as they ran the few
yards to the truck parked by the water tank.

“Junior or somebody stepping out onto the deck leaving the door open for us
will be nice.”

Pulling the camouflage net off tossing the bundle in the back they jumped in.
Pulling the hoods off tossing them in the back he started the engine. Looking
around one more time to assure no one else was in the area, Ed carefully
pulled back out to the road. Before he was out of the park Stacy was asleep.

Stacy slept in the truck during the drive across town back to the house. As he
drove Ed kept thinking about the layout of the house. The door the guy stepped
out was a meeting room or playroom. From what he recalled it let out to a
hallway and stairs. Klein’s bed room was just above the playroom. This gave
him something to think about.

4.

Ed rolled in to the garage, pressed buttons turning lights on in the house.
Slipping out of the truck he opened Stacy’s door, picked her small light body
up to carry her down to the room in the basement. Laying her on the bed he was
amazed she did not wake up.

Carefully Ed unzipped her spandex suit then took her boots off. Still Stacy
did not appear to wake up. He gently undressed her then covered her with a
blanket. Ed undressed then turned the bedside lamp out.

Stacy moved to his side. “Thank you dear.”

“You were awake this whole time?”

“Mm. The way you undressed me just now makes me feel sexy.”

Despite it being late they moved into each other’s arms kissing and loving.

Doris was in her home office, just her ankle length robe on and sandals.
Sitting with right leg crossed over the left she studied the man sitting
across from her. Taking a sip of tea she said, “And there is no idea who’s
done this – two groups put out of action in less than two months?”

“None,” he said drinking down the cup of coffee, He signaled to the girl
standing to the side one cup of coffee was enough for him. “All the cops know
– and this is pretty much speculation based on witnesses, a black Blazer was
at two of the locations before the Kaufmann group was wiped out.”

“What about Jerome?”

“That they are not sure if it’s the same person or not. Whoever it was wiped
them out almost to a man and nobody saw them or a vehicle.”

Doris sipped her tea. “Something is not adding up. And I don’t like it.”

Stacy studied one of the four computer screens as Ed worked between three
different screens. He had the Regional Planning Committee plans displayed on
one, Google Earth image of the house on another and a road map on another
screen.

Trying to wake up after the night before was an effort for Stacy as she sipped
her third cup of coffee. “Hate to tell ya, hone but I don’t think yer coffee
is strong enough this morning.”

“How much hot water did you add to it?”

“A half a cup.”

“Wow. Next time we go shopping remind me to get a box of tea for you.” Ed
pointed to a screen. “Okay, we can’t go in the front way to the Park anymore
its becoming too obvious. We need to go around and come up from the back way.”

“So how or what direction can we use to do that?” Stacy studied the two maps
and Earth link image of the house, still surprised at the clarity of the
images.

Ed changed the image shifting the images up to another county. “Jessup’s
Park.” He zoomed in on a dirt road that came out near a McDonald’s. “That road
– watch this…” Ed took the mouse and used it to trace the root through the
preserve to the water tank. “But …” He moved the mouse back, “we’ll park
here.” He rested the tip of the mouse on the approximate place they would
park. “Then from there to the house is going to be quite a hike but we have no
choice. I bet with the number of trips we’ve made out there, she’s expecting
us like the in-laws for Sunday dinner.”

“You have a helluva way with words.”

“But one caveat…”

“Which is … ?”

“We wait for two days for them to relax. She’s going to be looking for us so
she has her people all worked up thinking we’re going to hit them tonight.” Ed
pulled out a Farmer’s Almanac. Opening it to the date he checked a couple
sections. “Yup. A new moon, which means, the moon will be in its dark phase or
no moon at all.”

“So when do we hit them?”

“Two days from now.”

5.

Ed followed the road along from Jessup’s Park south through the west range of
hills toward their goal. Stacy watched the road in places hoping Ed didn’t get
too cozy with the edge of the cliff and wind up eighty feet down a chasm.

Checking the side of the road, Ed picked out land marks that he noticed on the
Google Earth map. “Almost there.”

Ed turned the lights off then sat still until their eyes became used to the
black night. Watching the road ahead he slowly picked his way along the road
until he saw the hiking trail pull off parking facing out, but so the truck
would not be seen. Ed got out going around the truck as the passenger door
opened. Stacy let Ed lift her to the ground. Camouflage net was quickly spread
over the truck cutting the glare on the windows.

Despite the darkness they checked each other: Ed wore the pair of precision
silenced .45 semi-automatics in shoulder holsters. About his waist were two
matched .357 Magnums with hollow-point loads, a .38 Special was strapped to
either leg. Stacy wore a pair of precision silenced .45 semi-automatics in
shoulder holsters also. About her waist were two matched .357 Magnums also
with hollow-point loads, and a pair of 9 millimeters on either leg. Across
their backs were slung FN FAL 7.62x51mm rifles with three 30 round banana
magazines taped together in an over and under configuration for quick reload.
Last were the cross bows with Ed’s signature stainless steel bolts.

From that moment on it was hand and arm signals as they ran up the road
entering the scrub brush and pine. The pair moved quickly and silently. Not
even the brittle crunch of the dry leaves could be heard. Ed was able to
estimate the approximate distance to the house. Taking out a pair of sportsmen
binoculars he checked the down stairs windows.

He passed the binoculars to Stacy. She noticed the guards at the windows
looking tired and bored. He gestured to their right, they melted back into the
shadows reappearing near the small shed which Ed hoped was for the generator
and not a lawn mower. Taking out the lock pick set he picked the lock. The
door swung open. A smile and a thumbs up they disabled the generator on the
way out Stacy took the emergency light tossing it in to the weeds.

They ran over to the commercial power and telephone boxes, Ed picked the
locks. Stacy cut all the telephone lines, Ed took out two thermite grenades,
gave one to Stacy, he took one. Together they pulled the pins, dropped the
grenades in the boxes. Then turned away from the blinding light as it set fire
to the boxes.

Laying back in the weeds and scrub pines they didn’t have long to wait. They
could hear the commotion in the house.

“Get out there are see what’s going on…! She don’t have no sense of humor on
this shit!”

“Yeah, yeah let me get my pants on.”

Girl’s voice, “What happened?”

“Power’s out all over the hill.”

Two partially dressed men rushed out from the lower level leaving the doors
open. They followed a path up the hill to the generator shed. Stacy and Ed
took quick aim with the cross bows and fired; both tumbled to the ground
stainless steel bolts piercing their sides. Ed primed the cross bow and
reloaded. The guard standing on the back deck heard them. Taking another pull
on the cigarette the red glow effectively marking him. He looked around the
corner of the house toward the generator shed.

“Jack? Mike?” he called. “Whatcya doin’ man? We need …”

The twang of the cross bow’s draw string the bolt penetrated the guard’s
chest. He coughed as he fell over the railing in a heap. Slinging the cross
bows over their shoulders they drew the semi-automatics.

Stopping at the open door Ed peered in as another ran to the door unable to
see him coming from lighted hallway and loss of night vision. He didn’t see
the pistol jammed under his chin, there was a distinctive cough of the weapon
the hood was thrown back dead. The body hitting the floor attracted the
attention of someone in the hallway.

Looking into the dark room and the open door, he called, “Fred? Hey Fred what
happened man …?”

A pair of pistols appeared around the corner and fired together throwing him
against the opposite wall.

Ed and Stacy moved into the hallway back-to-back. A girl appeared from a side
room with a pistol in her hands in a double hand hold. The girl made the
mistake of facing Stacy, Stacy prepared for the worse now fired as soon as the
girl appeared. Ed carrying the extra hand grenades started opening room doors
and tossing grenades in the rooms and closing the door confining the explosion
to the room.

Changing weapons, they holstered the semiautomatics and drew the .357’s. Ed
motioned to the stairs. The guard posted at the front door heard the shots and
explosions rushed down the stairs; Ed and Stacy flattened themselves to the
either wall. He saw Stacy first but not Ed, Ed fired knocking him against the
wall. The body slid to the floor leaving a trail of blood on the wall.

“Up stairs,” he said pointing with the revolver.

Doris sat straight up in bed. “Oh my God NO!” she cried slapping a hand to her
mouth. She knew now she would have to think rationally; if that were possible.

The only other time she was scared in her life her boyfriend was shot in a
gangland shooting. Steeling herself, Dories jumped out of bed grabbing a robe.
She had only a pair of lace bikini panties and linen T-shirt on. Slipping her
feet into the sandals she grabbed the pistol from the night stand drawer
rushing from the bedroom to the office she had to get two ledgers out of the
safe. If anybody, especially the authorities got their hands on them it would
be all over.

Carefully ascending the stairs, Stacy the inside, Ed the outside they peered
around the corner as Doris ran out of the home office with two books she
retrieved from the safe. A girl side stepped out of the kitchen a pistol in
hand firing, the bullet went wide putting a hole in the wall. Stacy turned
firing around the corner she and the girl trading shots Ed fired, bullets from
both weapons hitting her together. The girl was thrown back into the kitchen.

Frantically twisting the dial back and forth Doris got the safe open grabbed
out the ledgers. She stopped, hearing a body hit the floor. Knowing it was
only a short distance to the garage, she clutched the books with one arm, the
pistol with the other she eased to the door. Peering into the hallway she saw
one of her girls lying dead near the kitchen.

Feeling the coldness of pending death she looked around the corner in the hall
seeing the two black figures like masks of death waiting for her to appear.
Firing at a bad angle the 9 millimeter bullet tore a hole in the wall. She
looked over her shoulder at the office window and the bars. She was
effectively trapped in her own house. Looking around the corner again she saw
the two black figures had the hallway covered and the entrance to the garage
was out of the question. Across the hall was the living room and door to the
deck. In desperation she sprinted for the living room. The two opened fire on
her.

A burning sensation made her stop, hunching over grabbing for in mid-stride
another hit her arm, tears of burning pain washed over her as she collapsed to
the floor. Trying to keep her reasoning she turned her back to the door, she
faced her killers, both fired the bullets striking her in the chest. Pulling
the trigger the firing pin hit the empty chamber, the weapon fell out of her
hand as she died.

Sirens, dozens of sirens could be heard rapidly approaching the house. Ed
stood opened the garage door taking out the last grenade he saved. Stacy ran
grabbing the books as Ed tossed the grenade into the garage rolling under a
car. Ed closed the door as the grenade exploded flipping the car on top of
another setting the garage on fire.

“Let’s get out of here,” said Stacy clutching their prize.

They weren’t counting on the books whatever they were or information they
contained, their boss Mr. Jacob would know.

The garage was a flaming inferno when the police and fire department pulled
into the street. Scared neighbors watched in horror as flames consumed the
garage and part of the house.

The police and paramedics stood back until the fire department got the fire
under control a half hour later.

The smell of wood smoke and burned oil and gas hung in the air. A pall of
black smoke hung over the house as a shroud, smoke still issuing from the
house. The firemen set up large hurricane fans to clear the smoke from the
house. The Captain led the group of firemen into the house armed with Halon
fire extinguishers in case there were any hot spots missed. The group did not
get past the foyer and stopped.

“What the hell?” a fireman cautiously looked around. “What the hell happened
in here?”

“Two bodies there…” the Captain said pointing to the bodies in the hall.
“Check downstairs … and watch yourselves.”

Three men started down stairs their heavy boots clomping on the steps. They
reached the bottom and nearly tripped on the body at the bottom of the steps.
“Oh shit! Captain …”

The Captain started down stairs and stopped seeing the body at the bottom of
the steps.

“Four there and one in the family room. They’re picking up three from out
back.”

Two stood in the door to the family room. “That’s how they got in – doors were
open.”

“Somebody knew what they were doing.”

A fireman noticed the bedroom doors appeared as if a giant hand scraped two of
them. He opened the door and promptly closed it.

The Captain asked, “What’s the matter, Cliff?”

“Excuse me…” he rushed to the back door to vomit.

The Captain went to the room opened the door and promptly closed it. He had
seen many gruesome sites in his career but a body splattered over a room was
more than even he could take.

“This beats even what I’d seen in `Nam,” he said chocking his supper back.

“Get the cops in here,” said the Lieutenant starting up stairs.

A fireman called down stairs, “Hey, Captain, the city’s here with the portable
light stanchions.”

“Have `em put one out back.”

A few minutes later The Fire Department Lieutenant walked back to the front
door. “Hey, Sergeant you guys better take a good look in here. There’s been a
total massacre here.”

The Captain stuffed another wad of gum in his mouth.

The Police Captain slowly walked through the house noting holes in the wall.
“Somebody was using some wicked stuff.”

He stopped at the patio doors. “A firemen said they were open, not forced
either, like they were left open.”

“Well we have one thing nailed down. Method of entry.”

He noticed one of detectives walking toward the patio. He waited until the
other got closer. “What do you have?”

The other held his hand up. “This makes five we’ve found so far.”

The Captain lower his head. “And t tt hey’re bbback.”

Police and fire radios carried on a conversation in the background as they
began to

organize a motive for the killings.

“But no one saw or heard anything until the explosions.” The police sergeant
told the Captain. “The call was put in by the guard on patrol, he heard what
sounded to him like gun shots.”

“That’s start,” the Captain agreed.

Another car stopped a short distance from the scene.

“Oh god and speaking of trouble, look whose here.” a detective nodded toward
the FBI agent walking up to them. “Doris Klein, huh?”

The Captain nodded toward the body bag yet to be closed. “And far as we know,
that is everybody.”

“Small wonder. Still nothing on who is behind this?”

The Captain shook his head. “We’ve been over the house and property. Nothing.
Forensics is working on what clues we have now.”

The agent looked over the stainless steel rods. He looked up at the Captain.
“You sure? Appears to be something awfully familiar about this. Like somebody
is using the same MO they used before.”

The Police Captain leaned against the fender of a police car, the stainless
steel cross bow bolts lay on the hood in a large plastic bag. The bodies of
the gang were laid in body bags on the lawn for the police forensics team to
send over to the county lab. The forensics doctor walked out pulling the blue
Nitric gloves off his hands stuffing them in a jacket pocket.

The Captain looked up as the doctor walked up to him. “So what happened
besides one helluva gun battle here?”

The doctor stopped in front of him. “You sure you want to know?”

Two of the detectives looked from the Captain to the doctor. The FBI agent did
not speak, he just listened.

“Why? Now, I’m almost afraid to ask.”

The doctor held up two more stainless steel rods and a metal fragment. “Look
familiar?”

The Detective said gesturing toward the ones they’d already found, “Our friend
is back.”

“And this,” the doctor added holding the piece of metal between thumb and
forefinger. “Any idea what this is?”

The Detectives shook their heads.

“A piece of a hand grenade.”

“Somebody wanted this bunch dead. Real bad.”

7.

The next morning Doris Klein’s attorney walked out from the kitchen of his
condo to the living room. His girlfriend and administrative assistant stopped
as he picked up the remote to turn on the wide-screen TV to the morning news.
She wanted to see what was on the news.

The first thing the anchor correspondent started with was:

“_This is Shelly Brant with PBR morning news. Sometime over the night the
house of Ms. Doris Klein of Lime Springs Ranch was broken into by the same
person or persons…”_

The image switched to a scene of pandemonium in front of Doris’s house.
Police, paramedics, the fire department and reporters swarming all over the
house. Steam was still rising from the charred ruins of the garage. Police and
Firemen stood by what was left of the front door.

A reporter from the local television station said,

“_In a brief statement Police Captain James Earl said it was a complete
massacre…”_

Captain Earl standing in front of the camera with two stainless steel rods in
his hand said, _“Just a brief look at the situation, it may be the same group
or even one person who took out the Kaufmann and Jerome gangs. Although the
method of operand is similar we’re not sure at this early time to go beyond
that. We’re also looking at the possibility of a copy-cat killing for revenge.
The case is still under investigation at this time …”_

The cup of coffee he was holding hit the floor.

Four days later the FedEx box with the return address label for Jacobs Inc. of
Key West, Florida set in the trash can beside the Chief’s desk. Two red hard
bound ledgers set on his desk open to a page full of names and dollar amount
of protection money paid. He sat back staring at the books.

“And this one has the name of Carl Baker, Attorney being paid the big bucks to
pay off a couple of Judges and a Prosecutor for a ‘not guilty’ plea springing
Klein on that racketeering charge. Interesting. Another who’s who in the zoo.”

The FBI agent stood. “Have fun. You’re going to need one helluva big shovel to
begin cleaning house now.”

Two days later Ed and Stacy were sitting at a beach side bar in Key West,
Florida drinking pinea coladas with little pink and blue umbrellas in their
drinks.

“Here’s to Jimmy Buffet and a life of ease … and my toes in the sand.”

“Here, here.”

# # #

