### BENEATH THE SURFACE by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-01-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When four students attack their high school, it may seem like an act of madness, but is there something more going on? 

* * *

“For things at a common destination there is a common path. Not always easy to
see. But there.”~Anton Chigurh, _No Country for Old Men_

There was gunfire all over by now. Pops and bangs filled the hallways of James
K. Polk High School. This was the day the four of them had waited for, for
years. “Montana” and “Idaho,” as they had code-named themselves walked briskly
down the “200-wing” of the school, both of them wielding a single action
.45-caliber Colt peacemaker revolver in hand. As they strutted along, their
Wild West style leather dusters flapped behind them in the wind. They each
carried two revolvers on them, but used only one of them at a time. They
weren’t experts and couldn’t handle the recoil of firing akimbo. They carried
their revolvers in leather holsters hanging aside each of their hips. Montana
and Idaho were heading for their next target, Nick Lowell. He was a very
popular kid as well as a football player. Tall, handsome, blonde haired, blue-
eyed, the owner of a classic muscle car, a genuine big man on campus.
“Wyoming” and “Iowa,” they’re fellow co-conspirators, were tied up somewhere
on the west side of the school, finishing off some other targets. The
intermittent cracks of .45-caliber shells attested to that. So far the
specific elimination of their targets had not been too big a problem for
Montana and Idaho. Their targets hadn’t been hiding too well and didn’t resist
too much. They had “taken care” of a good number of them so far, but still had
some more to go. Their list of targets was quite long after all. Montana and
Idaho turned down into a vacant hallway, the clip-clop of their combat boots
echoing through the silence. In the middle of the hallway was the entrance to
the school cafeteria. Lowell should be hiding in there, according to his class
schedule. Lowell was indeed in there as well as two other listed targets,
Forrest and Matt, his close friends and teammates. They flanked him as they
crouched under their table. It was quiet in the cafeteria, no one said a word,
no sound could be heard except the whirring of the air vents. Forrest muttered
under his breath, “How did it come to this?” He got no reply from anyone.
Outside the cafeteria, Montana and Idaho were scant meters away. They clicked
the hammers back on their Colt peacemakers and blasted the locked cafeteria
doors open with two precise shots and one hard kick. They turned sharply into
the cafeteria and headed straight for Lowell’s table, where he always sat with
his friends every lunch period. Lowell, Forrest, and Matt looked up meekly at
the approaching gunmen. As soon as Montana came within ten yards of them, he
levelled his revolver and fired a shot that tore through Forrest’s chest.
Idaho did likewise milliseconds later firing a fatal shot into a cowering
Matt. Both Forrest and Matt sloped forward, dead without so much as a cry.
Montana and Idaho clicked the hammers back on their revolvers once again. “You
had the perfect life Lowell, but you fucked it up. Your stepfather is right,
you’re a mistake and a failure,” Montana taunted him at gunpoint. The next few
seconds seemed to crawl by in slow motion. Lowell exploded in anger; he shot
up and charged Montana yelling, “I’ll kill you!” He raised his fist high to
strike. Montana, however, was light-years ahead of his move and followed
Lowell with his revolver, the large diameter barrel never straying from the
center mass of it’s target. Just as Lowell was almost within striking distance
of him, Montana let off a shot that hit Lowell right where the neck meets the
torso. Lowell’s raised arm fell weakly to his side, his other hand desperately
clutched at his torn throat. He began making a horrible gurgling, dying sound.
For a few seconds Montana and Idaho stood motionless, watching their hated
classmate die slowly in fantastic agony. Then abruptly Idaho raised his
revolver and fired a finishing shot into Lowell’s forehead. Lowell fell
forward dead, landing so hard on the cafeteria hard tile floor that brain
matter splattered on Montana’s boots. “It’s done.” Idaho told Montana gravely.
They turned toward the entrance of the cafeteria. A hundred pairs of eyes
looked out at them from under the tables of the cafeteria, watching with a
mixture of fear and curiosity. Iowa and Wyoming came into view at the doorway.
Upon seeing Montana and Idaho and the mess they had made, Iowa hollered,
“Yeehaw!” “Kevin and Stan have been taken care of. Who is next?” Iowa shouted
across the room. “I’ve got to go to the woods.” Montana said, turning to
Idaho. “The woods? There might be twenty cops between the school and the
woods, you’ll never make it. You’ll be cut to pieces.” Idaho raged at Montana.
“I know there is a lot of firepower, but I’ve got to go, trust me. I can make
it. You stay here with Iowa and Wyoming, they need your help.” Montana
explained in an even tone, he was calm, almost too calm given the situation.
“Whatever,” Idaho sighed, resigned to the situation, waving his arm in
Montana’s direction. They shook hands, knowing they’d likely never see each
other again. Who could have predicted a gym class friendship would end like
this? With that Montana took off sprinting across the cafeteria and out the
back door. When Montana reached outside the school, he dashed across a small
paved road, then jumped over a fence. As he began to run across a baseball
field, he heard the shouts and commands of police officers, ordering him to
the ground. He ignored the voices and pressed on, jumping another fence and
running across a football field. Some of the voices became distant, others
retained their volume, he sensed he was being chased. Just a few more seconds
is all he needed. He hopped a third fence and at last crashed through the
forest brush, down a short muddy hill, and came to a rest on the bank of a
brook.

Montana stood up, then kneeled down in a praying position. He looked up at the
sky. “I’ve done it, sis.” He said out loud to no one in particular. He was
standing in the exact spot that his sister had been ganged raped at after a
football game just six months earlier. She’d been gang raped by none other
than Nick Lowell, Forrest, and Matt, who deliberately lured her in, drugged
her, then took turns as she lay in a barely conscious state on the banks of
the brook. Afterwards pictures and video of the event went viral. Two months
later when it was clear that no one believed her and none of her rapists would
ever be charged, she hung herself. Montana never quite got over the loss of
his younger sister, whom he vowed to his father on his deathbed to always
protect. Lowell also had a reputation around school as a domestic abuser,
giving black eyes to multiple dates of his. Idaho, Wyoming, and Iowa had their
reasons too. Bullying, harassment, social justice, pick your poison, their
targets had been nonetheless deserving of the fate they got. Kevin and Stan,
for instance, were homophobic bullies; harassment was a year round sport for
them. They were two of the main instigators of a year-long harassment campaign
against a local gay youth who later took his own life. Yes, though bloody, you
can’t say the events of the day were without reason or that it was some
impulsive act by some mentally ill hothead.

Now Montana heard rustling in the brush behind him. Harsh voices shouted again
for him to drop his weapon. “Make a move and you’re dead!” a stern voiced
screamed. Slowly, Montana stood up. He did not turn around. “I’ve done it,
sis.” He murmured again. Then in one swift motion he put the revolver under
his chin, pulled the trigger, and sent a .45-caliber projectile through his
jaw and up into his brain, creating a fountain of brain matter that stained
many a nearby leaf. His now lifeless corpse collapsed forward, splashing into
the murky brook with a loud smack.

