### A Rebel and Mr E�s Explosive Intervention by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-01-14. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Zane thought if he could turn a rebellious young woman's life around by removing the influence of bad guys she associated with she might look to him for romance. Be careful Zane. 

* * *

** **

Nate Harris was fed-up with his and Jenny’s youngest Luci. The spoilt brat now
aged of 20 was still behaving badly after her shock months ago.

The guys Nate had seen her with lately looked at if they were straight out of
prison or fixtures on the unemployed line shuffling forward each week to pick
up unearned dollars of Government support.

Luci was also seen riding on the back of motorbikes only half-dressed or
frolicking on the beach according to reports her parents had received, wearing
only a thong and a sunhat. Well at least the hat was worth a tick.

Furthermore, Jenny had told Nate that his youngest child that he’d spoilt for
years and now complained about her wild social behaviour and her lack of
respect for her parents and had a tattoo above her pubic bone that stated on
two lines ‘Enter In Peril’.

“What the hell; who did it? I’ll kill him.”

“Eat your dinner and stop posturing Nate. You know it’s illegal in every state
and territory in Australia to kill anyone.”

Nate chewed on the tough beef roast and wondered if one could half-kill his
wife who over-cooked meat.

After dinner watching sport on TV and drinking a beer while Jenny ran around
cleaning up and doing the dishes without assistance because he claimed to be
tired, Nate thought so he’d been cited for posturing over the waywardness of
their youngest daughter. In that case there comes a time when a man has to do
what a man had to do, and he was just the guy to sort things out for the
family that included the two older children, both married and living in their
own homes.

He went out and fetched another beer, slapping his wife’s butt as she was bent
over the dishwasher. Christ, he thought, with all these modern appliances and
superior surface materials, a housewife’s job of running the house was a
breeze even if she spent 40 hours a week working in an office.

Nate burped and he sat back in his armchair in front of TV. He contentedly
called “You beaut” as an Australian off-spinner took another English wicket on
a televised cricket test match being played in Adelaide and minutes away from
stopping for the day.

In the morning at breakfast Nate looked at the chair where Luci sometimes sat
and said, “Where’s Luci?”

“Where do you think? It was just before 3:30 when she came home this morning.”

Nate said, “She needs sorting out” and Jenny practically spat, “That’s your
job; you’re her father.”

At 7:30 Nate was at the nearby gym and after a 30-minute workout was heading
for the showers when the guy he wanted chat with walked in with his gym bag.

“Hi Nate.”

“Ah good morning Zane. Could we talk at the juice bar for a few minutes?”

While their juices orders were being processed, Nate said he had problems with
his youngest daughter who was running wild and mixing with undesirable guys.

Zane nodded and said cautiously, “And you want me to try to date her to give
those guys some real competition?”

“Good thinking Zane but I want a permanent solution. When do you start working
for your father?”

“I haven’t decided. I’m still winding down from leaving the Army,” said the
ex- soldier recently returned from Afghanistan.

“Could you consider working for me for say a couple of weeks to remove some of
that scum from my daughter’s life?”

Zane said calmly that would be illegal and if caught he’d face murder charges.

“Oh no Zane, I mean to effectively frighten them off without Luci knowing a
thing and without the guys you er process being encouraged to think I was
somehow involved.”

“Look Nate we could be done by the cops for just talking about doing something
bad to those guys. We could be charged with conspiracy. I really think…”

Nate interrupted pulling out a photo and saying, “This is my youngest child
Luci who’s in danger of tumbling down the chute into personal ruination.”

Looking at the photo and smiling, Zane said: “Jesus mate, with a daughter
looking as good as that she should be working into a high profile job like a
TV presenter or being used in adverts for make-up and that kind of stuff, not
hanging out with scum.”

“Exactly young man and I’ll pay you a retainer of $1500 a week for a maximum
of four weeks while you do what you think is necessary to rid my daughter of
undesirable male and female associates. And when I know Luci has dumped those
indecent outfits she wears that make her look like a street prostitute and the
gang she has been consorting with has disbanded I’ll pay you a bonus of
$20,000.”

“Jesus Nate that’s big money and we have no way of knowing if she might revert
to her bad ways after a temporary lull and finding redemption is not her
thing.”

“I’ll carry the risk of her reverting Zane. The thing is I’m not equipped to
work under-cover and act as brutally as necessary to get the job done and
emerge hopefully undetected whereas the Army has trained in going undercover
and doing jobs like this in what I imagine is called strategic sorties
designed to demoralise the enemy. Let me know within say 48 hours if…”

“Nate I’m in. You know I never thought my advanced Army training would serve
any use for me in my civilian life and yet considering what’s on my plate at
this juncture I’m chuffed. Let’s cut the retainer to $800 bucks a week because
I have no wish to be over-paid for helping to turn a young woman’s life
around. I’ll just need to cover expenses and would like two weeks paid in
advance because I’ll need to buy some surveillance gear with other stuff that
you don’t need to know about.”

He continued, “Could you write down details to give me at this time tomorrow
of Luci’s routine movements including when she gets up and when she leaves and
returns home and where she works and anything else you think would be useful –
oh I’ll need to have her phone for a few minutes to insert a tiny transmitter
to allow me to trace where she goes within me being close to her.”

“Right I’ll get on to that and you can come to my home at 6:30 any morning to
insert the stuff into her phone because she sleeps soundly until around
8.30.Here’s my business card I give to special clients that includes my home
address and my unlisted mobile phone number email address.”

* * *

Zane went home and put the photo Nate had given him on his dresser and felt
like jerking over it. She was gorgeous, a beaut body and a great face and if
she had tats they were hidden. The more he looked at the photo the stronger
became his desire to clear the way to give Luci the opportunity to turn her
wasteful life around. She had to want to change the direction she had been
taking otherwise this mission would fail.

Luci’s phone was taken from her room at 6:30 next morning and Zane inserted
the GPS transmitter and tested it with Nate returning that phone to his
daughter’s bedside without her being aware of his subterfuge.

“What now?” Nate asked.

“You’ve done what I needed you to do and thanks for this info about Luci’s
regular movements. Nate from this point I tell you nothing and you should
pretend I don’t exist.”

A car went by and Nate looked at it briefly and turning said, “I agree that’s
good strategy.”

He peered around quickly and then realized he was talking to himself. Zane had
just disappeared. He must have vaulted the boundary fence into a neighbour’s
property and walked through to the riverside. That made Nate glad he was a
friend of Zane and the guy’s target to attack.

As Zane jogged along the riverside as he did each morning before going to the
gym and use weights, he wondered about the info he’d been given where it
stated Luci was into her third year at university studying marine science.

How would a supposedly anti-social female when eighteen manage to gain entry
into a university known for its high rate of rejections? And why would the so-
called social misfit chose something as ‘solid’ as marine science instead of
choosing to chase a higher public profile degree in perhaps sports and
leisure, drama and theatre or travel and tourism?

Hmmm, perhaps he was dealing with a rebel who was at odds with her parents and
who bent on humiliating them in revenge for their pathetic and disruptive
attempts to keep their third and youngest child on the straight and narrow.
That was possible explanation and appeared more credible than imaging her aunt
was head of admissions at the university and the only degree course short on
student numbers on that occasion was marine science.

Zane began feeling uneasy about this assignment and suspected Nate had been
less than frank with him, holding something back that he should have revealed.
He knew he must sort out this otherwise he’d go in to deal with the punks who
associated with Luci with some doubt in his mind. If he had uncertainties in
his head over his mission that could be costly to him if he failed to manage
himself fully when dealing with villains.

Next morning Zane was concealed with the Harris home under surveillance.

At 7:20 Nate drove out in a new V8-powered black Holden Caprice-V and headed
off presumably his pre-cast concrete plant. Mrs Harris whom Zane knew was
friendly with his mother’s and was an audit accountant for a bank, drove out
almost an hour later in a fairly new BMW-3. At 8:50 a rough looking guy on the
Harley D motor-cycle came along the street and just as he pulled up outside
the Harris property Luci, whom Zane recognised from her photo, come rushing
out of a side-gate and she jumped on the bike behind the rider and they were
off speedily.

Zane waited for ten minutes and then walked across the street and knocked on
the front door. There was no answer. He noticed that although the house was
alarmed it had not been armed. He grinned thinking Luci would have left the
alarm off to get up the nose of her father if he found out.

He took out a hand-tool from a pocket of his jeans and made quick work of
picking the lock and entered and locked the door behind him. He went into the
kitchen and saw mail had been opened and found an unopened letter addressed to
Mrs Heather Mason C/- of the Harris’ address had been readdressed.

Zane wrote down Heather’s address and then went into the hallway to look for
family photos. There were several and he found one of real interest to him: it
was newspaper photo and captioned, ‘Miss Heather Harris and Mr Gary Mason who
were married at the Central Methodist Church in Bishopdale last Saturday’.
Heather had checked out as the Harris’ daughter and he now knew her home
address.

Zane walked for half a block where he’d parked his 2-year-old Honda Accord V6,
purchased the day after he’d left the Army, and went to Heather Mason’s
address. He saw her on the front lawn weeding a garden with a baby asleep
nearby in a bassinet in the shade under a tree.

“Mrs Heather Mason?”

“Yes,” she said, standing at he approached. She looked rather plain compared
with her young sister.

“Hi I’m Zane Rogers and here’s my Army Reserve ID card to confirm who I am.”

“Yes you appear to be who you claim to be.”

Zane said he was making an enquiry and needed her assurance she’d not disclose
their meeting with anyone including her husband for security reasons.

“Very well Zane providing I don’t find your request unreasonable.”

“I’m work for an agency that is investigating a motorcycle gang involved in
possible criminal offences namely drugs, burglaries and stolen vehicles. It
has come to our notice that your sister Luci is associated with a couple of
members of this group we have under surveillance. Checking we found she comes
from a respectable family and is a university student and it’s clear she
doesn’t fit the profile of the gang or their wives and girlfriends. I was
given your address by my chief and told to avoid inquiring with Luci’s parents
as Luci lives with them.”

“Oh god, she’s not in trouble is she?”

“Not yet as far as we can ascertain. Do you have an explanation why she should
be associated with such a wild group?”

“She’s become very difficult over the past year or so and has become unruly
and dresses socially like a prostitute, according to my father and I’ve seen
her around at times and must say I wasn’t impressed by her appearance.”

“Do you know what brought this on?”

“Well Zane I’d like this information to be kept confidential. About fifteen
months ago my parents called a family meeting at which they told Luci that she
had been adopted, that she’d survived a road crash as an infant that killed
her parents. Her birth mother had been dad’s sister. Well Luci went ballistic
and yelled she had been living a lie and mum and dad should have told her the
truth when she was twelve, an age old enough for her to understand and cope
with such a revelation. Mum said it was difficult to know what the right age
was and Luci called her a fucking bitch for being party to this deception and
dad hit Luci with a backhander across the face and she ran away yelling she
had lost her respect for them. She went missing for two nights. The police
were advised but told mum Luci would almost certainly have taken refuge
somewhere but nonetheless took her description and advised patrols would keep
a look out for her.”

“Ah and she became a rebel and has given your folk a bit of curry ever since.”

“Well yes, the first thing she did when she returned home was demand them to
apologise for their deceit and then announced that now on they should not
interfere with how she lived her life. Mum and dad agreed that was a
reasonable request but Luci soon started taking up with some beastly looking
guys who appeared to be social misfits, according to mum, and I wondered if
that’s how Luci now saw herself. I’ve meet Luci several times since that
dramatic family gathering and her behaviour with me appears unchanged and our
older brother Graham says she’s okay with him. Of course the revelation of her
being adopted was a shock to Graham and me as well. You may have noticed by
the photos you guys will have from surveillance activities that she is rather
beautiful, very much her adoptive parent’s most handsome child, and what she’s
doing to herself is a real shame.”

“Yes the pictures we have from surveillance do show she is rather good looking
in contrast to the scum she associates with in her free time. Well thanks for
that disclosure Heather and it solves that unanswered question for us. I guess
it will be my job to ease your sister away from the bikies.”

“How will you do that?”

“God only knows. Um Heather, can you keep the conversation we’ve had to
yourself?”

“Yes of course, I promise. I’d do anything for Luci. That poor girl must have
been shocked to the core.”

Zane went off pleased with that information and he assumed Nate had not made
the disclosure to him because he and his wife had decided to tell no one else
outside of immediate family that Luci had been adopted.

* * *

Three weeks later Zane singlehandedly broke up the gang that Luci associated
with. He’d followed Luci on several occasions to a seedy block of flats where
two of the gang lived but she had three times gone to a nearby place that
Zane, following quite some distance behind her, found it was clearly the
gang’s regular meeting place.

He staked out that place late one night, a café in a part of the city that was
overdue for redevelopment, and saw all seven motorcyclists arrive. They
dressed similarly but without any gang insignia and most were bearded but two
just had a long moustache. All in all they looked sinister and tough.

When the area became quite, Zane went to work.

Shortly after midnight that evening a series of violent small explosions set
off by wireless by Zane who was concealed a safe distance away. That action
occurred when there were no pedestrians in the vicinity and no moving vehicles
were approaching. The motorbikes were wrecked and flying debris smashed the
windows of the café sending the occupants of those premises into panic and
then the owners of the motorcycles came out yelling the threatening murder.

The police arrived and due to explosives been involved special police units
were called in and all occupants at the café were detained.

The first cops arriving scoured the area for witnesses and questioned people
attracted by the explosions but gained no eye-witness accounts and no one
claimed to have seen anyone acting suspiciously.

Everyone in the café was taken to police headquarters for questioning because
it appeared this attack could be gang-related and the police wished to prevent
reprisals.

It was soon established that four of the seven motorcyclists had criminal
records and that triggered a full police investigation. The women were
released after being finger-printed and interrogated and Luci’s upset parents
collected her just before 5:30 a.m.

Later in the day three of the women were arrested and charged for aiding and
abetting gang members in robberies. No action was taken against the other
females with the gang at the time of the explosions and other people not there
but implicated by confessions were rounded up and detained on suspicion of
assisting the motorcyclists, now calling themselves the Gang of Seven, to quit
property they’d stolen estimated to have reaped them several million dollars
over the eight years they’d been active in crime. Their bank accounts had been
frozen and enquiries about gang investments were being probed.

The news media had a field day in reporting the events and gleefully reported
the police were baffled about the person or persons involved in destroying the
motorcycles and the results of preliminary forensic investigations indicated
the explosives used had been home-made.

The media reported a big police investigation was underway for ‘Mr E’ who had
acted alone or with associates, the ‘e’ standing for explosives. One newspaper
claimed the police should take the heat off the Hero Mr E who had successfully
put a crime syndicate out of business that had been operating under the noses
of the police for eight years.

* * *

A week after the explosions, Nate Harris arranged a meeting with Zane at a
bar. Nate was all-smiles and said Luci had been repentant and was already
settling down and had attended the first of ten sessions with a therapist who
had been called in on the recommendation of the police as apart from her
questionable behaviour, Luci’s social life had been wrecked with the arrests
of some of the men in her life.

Nate handed Zane a shoe box containing the promised $20,000 bonus.

“Thanks Nate, this will come in handy. I’m thinking of setting up as a private
investigator.”

“Oh good show Zane, the city needs crime fighters who are not restrained by
red tape like the police are and they are also hobbled by hierarchical command
procedures. Criminals needed to be nipped in the bud by proactive and instant
action, I say.”

“Thanks for your confidence in me Nate; it was you who got me started.”

“That’s fine and you repaid me handsomely because it appears we’ve got our
daughter back 100 percent.”

“Your adopted daughter.”

Nate looked startled and said how the hell had Zane discovered that.”

“Oh you’ll know the drill for doing a good job Nate; leave no stone unturned.”

“I see and oh could you call around tomorrow evening. My wife will be out and
I’ll introduce you to Luci. Perhaps you two could think about dating. There’s
no need to mention your involvement in attacking that scum she was involved
with by blasting away the thing closest to each of their hearts, their
expensive custom motorcycle.”

“Yeah right Nate.”

Nate arrived at the Harris’ home at 7:30 and was surprised when Luci rather
than her father answered the knock.

“Are you Zane?” she said smiling and speaking as if sugar wouldn’t melt in her
mouth.

“Yes.”

“Dad has taken mum out for dinner. What is your surname Zane, you obviously
will know mine?”

“I’m Zane Rogers,” he said, wondering why Luci had not immediately invited him
inside.

“Were you somehow involved by my father in those explosions involving some of
the people I socialize with?”

Her coolness made Zane cautious. If she were grateful he’d expect her to be at
least a bit emotional.”

He cleverly said he didn’t know what she meant; he and her father attended the
same gym and her father had suggested he should meet Luci as she was
recovering from the trauma of being caught on the peripheral of the bust up of
the Gang of Seven.

“Do you live near here?”

“Yes Luci, I’m living with my parents for a while at their home in Chambers
Street while I get used to resuming civilian life after years of being in the
Army.”

“Look Zane why don’t you fuck off. My exciting life has been wrecked and now I
have a life of boredom and I’m sure you can’t offer me anything that would
interest me and you are five to ten years older than me.”

“Pardon me Luci but your father suggested…”

“Fuck off Zane,” Luci snarled and slammed the door in his face.

Zane was disgusted by her dismissal of him and her coldness. He went off for a
couple of beers.

A couple of hours later Zane drove into his parent’s driveway and was
surprised that the house was in darkness as they’d not indicated during dinner
that they would be going out. He parked as usual leaving the twin garage
doorways clear and was growing tense, thinking something was not quite right
and realised the outdoor lights had not come on as he’d driven up the
driveway.

Cautiously he got out of his vehicle and had just closed the car door and he
was then suddenly in the centre of a blaze of lights and blinking saw a number
of heavily armed cops. A guy in a strong voice ordered him to lean against the
car with his feet spread apart and both hands to lay flat and stretched over
the car roof.

He was frisked and a guy called, “He’s clean (carrying no weapons) Serg.”

The big ancillary light was turned off as Zane was handcuffed and he heard a
cop phone a driver to bring in the van. The squad and Zane were taken to
police headquarters.

Zane was seething, thinking that fucking smart-ass smart bitch Luci had dubbed
him in, probably alleging he was Mr E.

A senior police officer told Zane he had been apprehended on suspicion he was
the bomber Mr E who’d demolished the motorcycles of the Gang of Seven and the
officer recited Zane’s rights in being questioned. He was invited to call a
lawyer and gave his mother’s name and address and she arrived fifteen minutes
later and told him to remain calm.

“I am calm mum, I’ve done nothing wrong,” he lied.

Ten hours later Zane was released. He’d consistently denied blowing up those
motorcycles, admitted he’d been trained in using explosives while in the Army
and denied knowing any of the Gang of Seven, who photographs were shown to him
and denied being hired by Nate Harris to do something to get his daughter to
break free from the undesirable influence of the Gang of Seven.

Nate and his wife Jenny and their son Graham and wife and daughter Heather and
her husband were brought in and questioned. Nate admitted her knew Zane and
had often talked to him at the gym as he similarly also talked to other
members but he’d never associated with Zane away from the gym.

Mrs Harris and the others being questioned denied having ever met or spoken to
Zane. Zane had noticed the faint flicker in the eyes of the Harris’s married
daughter Heather Mason when she looked at him closely when asked, as the
others had been, to confirm her denial.

With Heather’s denial Zane knew the police would have nothing on him. He’d
made up his explosive devices from readily-available materials obtained from
far and wide to frustrate any crime investigators seeking to find evidence of
incriminating bulk buying for the making of homemade explosives out of
products used for building and in the household.

Zane made the blasting caps (detonators) and the timers were from hardware
shops. He’d taken the devices in a sealed box in the boot of his vehicle which
he’d assembled wearing a light boiler suit, gloves and latex hair cap and old
sneakers, all of which had been incinerated immediately after the explosions
to eliminate all evidence that he’d been involved in the multiple explosions.

Yes the only thing out of his control had been what Zane and Heather would say
under close questioning by the police and their denials had prevented giving
the cops fodder against Zane who had done a wonderful job for the family.

After Zane’s room and car and the garages and home workshop had been searched
by police specialists without finding any incriminating evidence and obviously
they’d not found the twenty grand with Nate’s fingerprints on the box and the
notes that had been hidden under the fountain on the back lawn of his parents’
home where as a teenager he used to hide cigarettes, Nate said to his mother,
“I’d like to go now.”

Barbara Rogers said, “Chief Inspector, clearly the police are detaining an
innocent man. Everything he’s stated rings true and your other lines of
enquiry have produced nothing incriminating. I must now ask you to let my
innocent son, whom I legally represent go, and for you to ensure he’s not
subject to harassment by the frustrated police working on this enquiry that
certainly has the look of going nowhere that would suggest the culprit has
long gone.”

The Chief Inspector sighed tiredly and told Zane he was free to go.

Three weeks later Heather, Luci’s sister, phoned Zane and said, “Good morning
Zane it’s…”

“No names.”

“Oh. Um park outside my house anytime tomorrow afternoon. I’ll come out and
talk to you.”

Zane was being cautious in case his phone was being tapped.

Next afternoon he drove straight to Barbara’s house not bother to shake off
any followers getting any signal from a GPS transmitter they may have secreted
on his vehicle. When Heather came out of her property and slid into the car
seat, showing quite an expanse of sun-tanned leg, and slid in beside Zane he
turned up the stereo.

“Just whisper,” Zane said.

“It was wonderful what you did,” she whispered.

He replied he couldn’t claim to have done anything of significance and winked.

She whispered, “Listening devices?” and he shrugged and she smiled.

“Well thanks for being a good listener; I just wanted you to know how relieved
I feel,” she said, and kissed him on the cheek and left the vehicle and stood
and waved him off.

“Christ now there’s a woman I would trust,” Zane said and wondered if she
would like a job as receptionist at his Private Investigator’s Office when she
felt ready to return to work when her baby was older.

He had an option on vacant business premises next to a suburban Police
station. His mother confidently expected his application she had lodged for
his Commercial and Private Inquiry Agents (CAPI) licence would be issued
within the next few days. He had a clean police record and excellent
references from the Army together with his full service record and his
academic achievements that included a BSc degree gained with in the Army and
completion of a 1-year study option on military policing with emphasis on
crime investigation.

Zane felt that Heather was attracted to him. As she was married, he could say
no if she tried to have sex with the boss. On the other hand, being a somewhat
sensitive guy not wishing to disappoint …

He grinned.

**The End**

** **

