### IF ONLY WE HAD BEEN LOVED by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-08. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Three young adults vow to commit suicide, but to make their deaths productive; they also swear to violently eradicate corrupt local political and social structures as well. 

* * *

**_If Only We Had Been Loved_**

In _If Only We Had Been Loved_, three middle class, late high school to mid-
college aged young adults (17 to 20 years old) named McShane, Cole, and Lowe
decide to commit suicide or suicide-by-cop if they can manage it. However, to
make their deaths productive they further decide to try to violently take down
the corrupt societal structure of their local area. Crooked cops, politicians,
clergymen, soldiers, and gang members pollute the area and make life hell for
everyone under their oppressive, self-serving reigns. The trio seeks to put an
end to that as one last “fuck you” to the world. This video game would cover
the last 24 hours of their lives as they embark on their bloody quest of
equilibrium. As to their initial reason for suicide, McShane states during a
lull in the gunfire that if only they’d been loved properly, none of this
would have happened (be that for better or worse). Unlike other crimes and
stories there is not a complex subplot or multitude of over complexity as to
why what happened, happened. The viewer is left only with that simple
explanation, allowing their minds to infer the rest.

**Back story: Greene, Capt. Calley, and Afghanistan**

A mutual friend of McShane, Cole, and Lowe named Greene recently returned from
Afghanistan. Greene joined the Army National Guard when he was 17 to help pay
for college and to serve the country. His yearlong tour in Afghanistan was
very traumatic. For one, his commanding officer Captain Calley, was a rich,
elitist, pompous, egomaniac, madman. Captain Calley had the men under his
command live in horrible conditions, he overworked them, he beat several of
them, he sexually assaulted female members of the company, he threatened to
kill anyone who got on his bad side, and is even accused of killing Afghani
civilians and is a suspect in the mysterious death of a soldier in Greene’s
unit. Captain Calley frequently mutilated the corpses of slain insurgents,
civilians, and even American soldiers. He wore body parts of the slain that he
mutilated on his uniform. He terrorized everyone civilians and soldiers alike.
He was as mad as they come. Everyone wanted to bring him down, but he was
greatly feared. He had a powerful inner circle. Anyone who attempted anything
would instantly be either locked up or killed. Capt. Calley’s reckless actions
in battle led to many deaths of Afghani soldiers, police, American soldiers,
and coalition allies. One time he didn’t mark the position of an IED he
spotted while on patrol, the next day a Canadian patrol hit the bomb resulting
in 1 death and 7 injuries. As a result of Capt. Calley’s behavior and
policies, Greene’s units’ stay in Afghanistan was especially violent. Afghani
civilians, soldiers, and police, worked with Taliban and Al-Qaeda just because
they hated Capt. Calley and the unit so much. One time an entire platoon of
“friendly” Northern Alliance fighters mutinied and attacked Capt. Calley and
the unit. Attacks were commonplace. Greene was at the brunt of the action a
lot of the time; action is something he never thought he’d see. It was a long,
brutal year. By the time the unit returned to the states, it was decimated
physically and mentally. Many of the unit quit the National Guard. Many were
dead, some KIA in Afghanistan, many died in accidents, and a few committed
suicide once they got back home. Greene got a severe case of PTSD from his
time in Afghanistan. His service broke him and traumatized him. Capt. Calley
had beaten him and the almost constant combat he had seen had taken its toll.
Among the people he told his entire story to were his friends McShane, Cole,
and Lowe. A few months after getting back from Afghanistan Greene committed
suicide by overdosing on prescription medication. McShane, Cole, and Lowe
vowed to avenge Greene and all the other victims by killing Capt. Calley and
his inner circle as part of their sendoff equilibrium crusade. It would be
difficult though; Capt. Calley and his inner circle were off in some remote,
small yet offensively a nightmare fort in the boonies. Resting…plotting.

The corrupt, the criminals, and the downright evil planned for a lot of
contingencies to keep themselves in power and things going their way. Up to
“the day” (as the trio called it) their plans worked and they won. But there
is one contingency that they never counted on. That contingency came in the
form of three suicidal, heavily armed young men who don’t give a damn because
they were going to die anyway. In the _Art of War_, Sun Tzu mused the man who
did not care if he lived or died in battle, would always triumph over those
fearful for their lives, positions, and worldly possessions.

**Missions/shootouts in**_ **If Only We Had Been Loved**_

Missions would take place mostly in third person view, with the option of
switching to first person similar to the game, _GUN_ (2005). Each mission
would be graded on time, accuracy, objectives completed, enemies dispatched,
and “friendlies” saved. During any given mission the player could switch
between any one of the trio, utilizing their strengths and weaknesses at
strategic points. For instance, McShane would be the best shot, but Lowe would
have the most health, and Cole would be the fastest. In the flashback
missions, players would play as Greene, who would have middle of the road
attributes in all categories. The game would have three difficulty settings,
would be cakewalk, bloodstorm, and nightmare in hell mode. Players could only
carry one pistol, one rifle, one melee, and one explosive weapon at once. They
can also use mounted weapons.

**Mission**** 1: Destroy MG nest**-This is mission is a flashback to Greene’s tumultuous time in Afghanistan. During another heated firefight, the Taliban fighters have opened up with a heavy WWI machine gun from a position on a hill. Their fire has already killed a member of Greene’s unit and a few Afghani soldiers, although the Taliban are being aided by Capt. Calley’s reckless orders. The unit is pinned down, it’s up to Greene to charge and destroy the machine gun nest. Its do or die…again! (Note: Greene did not receive any commendation for this action although he should have.)

**Mission 2: Repel charge**-This mission is also flashback to Greene’s time in Afghanistan. This firefight marks the time when a formerly “friendly” Northern Alliance platoon, mutinied, and launched a midnight cavalry charge on Greene’s unit in response to Capt. Calley’s brutality. Greene has got to help repel the charge and the attack in general so that he can get the truth out to the world eventually, and maybe one day after this is all over, Greene can lead a normal life. Get on the heavy machine gun and dispense lead like a lead dispensing hurricane!

**Mission**** 3: Waste Gang**-On “the day” McShane, Lowe, and Cole are to gunfight and kill a local gang plaguing their town and a few neighboring towns. The gang sold drugs, guns, and women. They ruled with an iron fist and beat up anybody who opposed or disagreed with them. They are even suspects in a murder. They are known as the Blackbirds.

**Mission**** 4: Train Heist**-After being shot several times one of the Blackbirds gang members pleaded with McShane, Cole, and Lowe for his life. He told them that a train with an arms shipment is coming in today in an attempt to distract the trio and save his own life. McShane, Cole, and Lowe took the newly acquired intelligence to heart and thanked the Blackbird before sending him to the depths of hell in a flurry of gunshots. The petty offering was not enough to save his life, they couldn’t take any prisoners, and in their minds, he forfeited his right to life the day he chose to do wrong in this world. McShane, Cole, and Lowe now have to ambush this incoming train, the arms on it will do them much good in their dying quest. It’s likely to be guarded, guess its going to be another firefight! Destroy the train, kill the guards, and get the arms…simple!

**Mission**** 5: Kill Corrupt Cops**-On “the day” McShane, Cole, and Lowe planned to gunfight and kill two local corrupt cops. Webb and Ruden are as corrupt as they get. They let crime run free, confiscate money from drug dealers then let them go, fine and ticket excessively, they failed to stop a school shooting that took place in town, they lackadaisically responded to the call of an active shooter, and once on scene waited for the SWAT team to arrive while students were getting shot to death inside. They were also generally, bullies, oppressors, and assholes. They took payouts from gangs such as the Blackbirds and from corrupt politicians. Like Capt. Calley the paradox is they are cowards, afraid to fight real crime, they pick on the weak and avoid their duties, all while collecting a salary.

**Mission**** 6: Kill the Mayor**-No widespread corruption ring is complete without a mayor. Yes the mayor has his cut of the pie too. Taking bribes, terrorizing citizens, rigging elections, and ruling with an iron fist. He keeps Webb, Ruden, and the local reverend employed, they keep things his way. The mayor deputizes anyone loyal to him, giving them to the right to kill, arrest, and confiscate as they see fit. The mayor keeps the feds and the media off the town and his ring keeps on running. Fortunately there is a grassroots political party dedicated solely to removing and imprisoning the mayor, if McShane, Lowe, and Cole hurry they can utilize the aid of this party, before they are all killed or imprisoned. Maybe a diversion will distract everyone while McShane, Lowe, and Cole move in on the mayors’ casino/whorehouse/office. Killing the mayor would smash the ring, enable the feds to come in, and weaken any remaining outlaw’s power in the town. Hang him high….

**Mission 7: Kill hostage takers**-In response to the chaos and violence of “the day” a few corrupt local politicians realizing the day of justice has come have in desperation taken hostages. These monsters want to ruin one last life before dying, it’s up to McShane, Cole, and Lowe to finish the job and save the hostages. Headshot those bastards!

** Mission 8: Attack the fort**-After leaving town, McShane, Lowe, and Cole attempt the impossible of fighting into Capt. Calley’s slaughterhouse offensive nightmare fort and sending him and his inner circle to hell for their crimes against humanity. Objectives along the way would include taking the trenches, breaching the gate, sabotaging the artillery, detonating the ammo dump, and pursing Capt. Calley.

**Mission**** 9: Kill Capt. Calley and Molester Priest**-This is it. Capt. Calley has nowhere to run with his inner circle dead and his fort smashed, McShane, Cole, and Lowe have got him cornered. Show no mercy send him to hell! Also on the shit list of McShane, Cole, and Lowe is a corrupt reverend. In addition to embezzling taxpayer money and charitable donations, he molests and assaults female churchgoers. More of a businessman and a thief than a reverend, he is on the payroll of Webb, Ruden, and the Mayor and therefore is not caught. Ready for more irony, despite what the book he preaches says, he won’t hesitate to kill you. Waste him and send him to a nice, warm place.

**Mission**** 10: Die when you die**-In this final mission, McShane, Lowe, and Cole, among the ruins of Capt. Calley’s fort, fight off wave after increasingly difficult wave of corrupt cops, Blackbirds gang members, soldiers of Capt. Calley’s battalion, and deputized henchmen of the now deceased mayor. They fight till they are killed or until they voluntarily end their lives. Based on what choice they make, as well as the rest of their ranks for each mission in the game, the player is given one of three possible endings. Regardless of the ending, the last scene to play before the ending will always be McShane, Lowe, and Cole joking over their dead bodies as their essences rise up into the afterlife.

In one ending, the whole incident is covered up as an accidental ammunition
dump detonation at Capt. Calley’s fort, the force of which spread destruction
for miles in all directions, devastating the town, producing high casualties
among the town’s residents, police forces, and political staff. The press
gives neutral reputations of all of the casualties including the trio and all
whom they brought down.

In another ending, the trio re cast as terrorists by the media and their
“victims” are portrayed as imperfect, though ultimately innocent. The true
nature of their personalities and deeds are covered up by their surviving
supporters. Buildings and scholarships are named after them. A memorial is
constructed in town to all of the dead, save for McShane, Cole, and Lowe, who
are left off the list and buried in unmarked graves.

In the third ending, McShane, Cole, and Lowe are hailed as cult heroes as
honest journalism and muckraking exposes the heinous misdeeds of those killed
during “the day.” The local grassroots party that sought to overthrow the
mayor is elected in a landslide during the following election. A memorial is
constructed in a park in town, naming McShane, Cole, and Lowe among the other
victims of the brutal reign of the local political and social structure.

**Weapons at Disposal**

McShane, Cole, and Lowe carry an assortment of guns from Wild West/frontier
era of US history. Before “the day” McShane, Cole, and Lowe acquired these
guns any way they could, borrowing them (they wouldn’t be keeping them after
all) from family armories, buying them from gun shops, and buying them from
the very illegal gun dealers they sought to kill in their dying quest. During
their dying quest they get more arms, taking them from dead foes and stealing
them. McShane, Cole, and Lowe have had minimal experience firing actual guns,
but spent endless hours on video games and simulators at arcades. They’ve also
learned some firearm skills and tactics from Greene, before his untimely
death. What they lack in experience they make up for in the element of
surprise. As their dying quest progresses they become even more deadly and
skilled with firearms. By the end of the day, they weapons experts. There will
be hell to pay! Note: The three never pick up the dropped firearms of their
enemies (only their ammunition) as they want there to be evidence their
opponents were armed and dangerous, not helpless and innocent.

**Guns in arsenal/at disposal**

Two Colt peacemaker revolvers

An 1866 Winchester lever action “yellow boy” rifle

A Winchester model 1887 level action shotgun

A replica Rambo III knife

A Remington 1885 highwall rifle

Homemade Molotov cocktails

Homemade pipebombs

M16A2 assault rifle (Greene missions only)

M203 Grenade launcher (Greene missions only)

Fragmentation grenades/Russian stick grenades (Greene missions only)

Russian DShK heavy machine gun (Greene missions only)

M9 9mm Beretta pistol (Greene missions only)

AK-47 assault rifle (Greene missions only)

SM Lee Enfield rifle (Greene missions only)

RPK light machine gun (Greene missions only)

TT-33 Tokarev pistol (Greene missions only)

PKM light machine gun (Greene missions only)

Some facts about _If Only We Had Been Loved_

\--McShane was a name taken from the back of a video game instruction booklet
that sounded cool, yet tough and emotionally flawed at the same time.

\--Cole is named after the USS Cole, a ship that suffered a devastating
terrorist attack that nearly sank the ship, killing 17 of its crew and
wounding 40 others. The rules of engagement prevented the USS Cole from
returning fire and stopping the terrorist attack. Cole in_ IOWHBL _has
suffered a similar fate, people and the rules of the world have tormented him
his entire life. He has been the victim of devastating attacks, mental,
physical, and emotional. Like the crewmembers of the USS Cole, Cole’s
attackers have not yet been brought to justice. They are still walking around
free, unburdened by the horrific things they’ve done.

\--Lowe is simply named for where the 3 main characters stand in the
world/society/social pecking order/at School, low. Lowe like McShane and Cole
was always treated lowly no matter what, despite his accomplishments, despite
his character.

\--Greene is named after American Revolutionary War General Nathaniel Greene.
A Quaker who despite losing every battle against the British emerged
ultimately victorious in his campaign. Once famously saying, “we fight, get
beat, rise again, and fight.”

\--Capt. Calley is named after Lt. Calley, one of the perpetrators of the My
Lai massacre during the Vietnam War. Capt. Calley and his inner circle are
similar to Lt. Calley and his troops, vicious, incompetent, and gross
inflictors of collateral damage.

\--All the matches the three main characters use to light their cigarettes,
dynamite, and explosives come from matchbooks they got from one of their
houses (it is never mentioned who). The matchbooks are pink and have a red
rose on them along with the text “Grace and Ted, April 5, 1980.” Grace and Ted
are the parents of one of the three main characters, it is never revealed who
though. April 5, 1980 was the apparent day of their marriage.

