### It must be your lucky night by leroyvaughn

**Date Added:** 2015-02-19. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Two men cross paths during a game of Blackjack 

* * *

The casino was quiet for a Friday night as I walked into the Topaz Lodge. The
drink girl with the big ass offered me a drink as I sat down at the twenty one
table.

I declined the drink offer and put three hundred bucks on the table. “How do
you want it? The dealer asked.

“ Two hundred fifty in twenty fives and the rest in fives,” I told him as he
counted out the chips.

He dealt a king and an ace to me and he hit eighteen. The next three hands
were good also. I was able to double down on the third hand and the seventy
something year old women sitting next to me told me I was pretty lucky, as she
took a drag on her cigarette.

The guy in the trucker cap and the “show me you tits” t-shirt had enough of
the dealers “cheap shit” and was turning in his remaining chips, when the man
walked up to the table, said “hello” to everyone and pulled a wad of bills out
of his pocket.

“Hello Danny,” the dealer greeted him as he counted out his chips.

It was warm for a windbreaker, but I knew why he was wearing it. As he reached
for his drink his sleeve pulled up and I saw the jailhouse tats starting at
his wrist.

He wore a baseball cap that was pulled down over the tops of his ears and the
bill was turned up a little bit.

I was sitting two stools away from him and I was keeping an eye on him. He had
been at the table about twenty minutes and I was still winning when he told
the drink girl to bring him a double bourbon “and a drink for the lucky
player,” as he motioned towards me.

“No, but thanks anyway,” I replied as I looked at my cards.

“You on the job?” he asked as he watched the dealer pick up his bet.

“No, I don’t have a job I’m retired,” I said as I watched the dealer’s hand.

I saw him look at my belt as he pointed towards my cell phone holder. “I
thought maybe you were transporting someone.”

The basket weave cell phone case had a small Texas Ranger style badge on it.

“I don’t drive a truck I just came in to play cards. I’m retired from the
Coast Guard,” I lied to him.

“I thought maybe you were a cop,” he told me. “You live around here?”

“Yeah, I live a couple of miles down the road on the California side” I
answered.

He had jailbird written all over him, but he appeared to be a very nice guy
otherwise. I saw the scar that ran all the way across the back of his left
hand and I stood up and asked the dealer to place a marker on the table to
hold my spot.

“Don’t take too long,” the man told me. “You’re really lucky tonight.”

The dealer agreed with him as I turned to walk towards the men’s room. The man
had stopped playing and was talking with the dealer. They seemed to know each
other.

I looked behind his ear when I walked past him and saw the faded blue
lightning bolts. Neither one of them noticed as I stopped next to a slot
machine and pretended to be looking at it as I reached into my boot and pulled
out my snub nose revolver.

Before he knew what had happened I stuck the barrel of the two inch shooter
into the back of his neck just below the skull and ordered him not to move.

“What the fuck’s going on man?” the jailbird wanted to know.

The dealer asked “Hey, hey, what is this?”

“This is my lucky day,” I told him. “I retired two days after you escaped from
Florence eight years ago Danny Boy. I can’t remember your real name, but I
remember you.

Call security I’m going to need to borrow a set of handcuffs, this man is
going back to the big house” I said to the dealer.

© 2015

