### EXPENDABLES 4 by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-02-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A plot outline to a proposed sequel to the Expendables films in which an undercover Chinese sleeper agent and two hired mercenaries finally outfox the Expendables. Features graphic violence, sex, and jokes. 

* * *

**Expendables 4**

**Intro Scene:** Yin Yang (Jet Li’s character) is actually a spy for China. He gathers all the Expendables and every last one their allies in single location under the guise that they’re having a party. They’re all unarmed for the occasion as in real life Sylvester Stallone believes in gun control. Then Yin Yang with the help of two foreign hired mercenaries, Mr. Super Killer (played by myself or Tom Jane) and Dawn Hassprung (played by Alona Tal), spring an Afghan triangle of death style ambush on the merry group, making their 3-person attack force seem like a 300-man strong assault squad. Yin Yang fires a Chinese QBB-95 machine gun with a drum magazine, Mr. Super Killer just uses a regular old AR-15 assault rifle, and Dawn unleashes hell with an IMI Galil assault rifle. Contrary to the normal action movie trope, they are all seen reloading as they continue to fire. Many of the Expendables say something ironic, mournful or regretful as they die in baths of bullets such as Dolph Lundgren going, “I knew I should have stuck with chemistry!” Terry Crews remarks that he doesn’t even like Old Spice. Eventually after several minutes of firing, including a close-quarters finale where the trio headshot their foes multiple times, all of the Expendables and all of their allies lay dead in pools of blood and piles of shell casings. When all is finally calm, Mr. Super Killer and Dawn glance at each other curiously, their gun barrels still smoking. Dawn notices Mr. Super Killer is a bit “stiff.”

“You get sexually excited by killing too, eh?” she questions him, smirking.

“Yeah, it’s almost as good as getting your rocks off with a girl.” He answers
as he eyes her, trying to remain cool.

“Almost?” she asks, raising her eyebrows.

Mr. Super Killer takes off his sunglasses and eyes her up top to bottom, “I’m
sure there are exceptions.”

Dawn licks her lips, “Ever wonder what it’s like to FUCK on top of a mountain
of your enemies’ corpses?”

Mr. Super Killer, becoming noticeably uncomfortable, “….Yes….uh many
times….actually.”

“Care to find out? Killing turns me on bad enough. Seeing a man kill makes it
unbearable.” Dawn proposes.

Mr. Super Killer just nods slowly, he drops his rifle suddenly, “A woman with
a gun is the sexiest thing in the world.”

They saunter towards each other, dropping their weapons abruptly, undressing
gradually as they go, by the time they are within arms-length of each other,
they’re stark naked. They roughly grab each other in a fiery embrace.

Mr. Super Killer and Dawn share a graphic sex scene involving full frontal
nudity in a pool of their victim’s blood. They work through the positions of
doggy, the deckchair, cowgirl, missionary, reverse cowgirl, the bicycle pump,
crossing the T, and working in the garden. Mr. Super Killer chokes Dawn in the
crossing the T position. Also he spits in her mouth prior to ejaculating on
her face.

Afterwards, a half-dressed Mr. Super Killer and Dawn, soon joined by Ying Yang
who was putting in a call to his headquarters, sit around on the corpses of
their fallen foes and discuss their lives. Yin Yang admits his real name to be
Ping Pong Bob. Mr. Super Killer turns out to be a former 1st Special Forces
Operational Detachment (SFOD)-Delta operator who was kicked out for saying too
many one liners (such as, lets kick some iceeeee) during missions just before
he killed someone. Dawn reveals herself to be a former member of the Caracal
Battalion of the Israeli Defense Force (IDF) (a female infantry battalion,
since she is straight, she could kill effectively without being turned on too
badly), who was advised by her agent to become a mercenary as it’d help her
break into the movie industry. She also says she fought in the Gaza War, parts
one, two, aaaannnnddddddd three!

Mr. Super Killer says one of the questions for his 1st SFOD-Delta interview
was, “If your hot teacher said if you kill my husband, I’ll give you sex, what
would you do?” His answer, “I’ll kill the whole school!” Mr. Super Killer also
relates that tried serving as the OppFor (opposing force) crisis actor in
active shooter drills, but was too good for the part, one time wiping out 88
civilians and police officers before being eliminated.

In a flashback here, we see Mr. Super Killer running down a sterile looking
hallway, dressed like a terrorist from Counterstrike (ski mask, urban
camouflage, etc.). When he emerges from the end of the hallway, he finds
himself in a hospital atrium where several dozen people are milling about,
victims wounded earlier in the exercise are being treated, doctors/nurses are
performing first aid, etc. Mr. Super Killer skids to a stop upon seeing this,
realizing his strategic gamble has come to fruition. Everyone in the room
turns and stares at him for a long second. One person makes an “oh shit” face.
A smile slowly cracks across Mr. Super Killer’s face under his ski mask as he
begins rapidly firing his simu-Glock towards the mass of humanity. A doctor, a
hot nurse, someone in a wheelchair, an old woman with a walker, an unarmed
security guard, a kid with a lollipop, and several others are show taking
perfect center mass shots from Mr. Super Killer.

In another scene, Mr. Super Killer is seen using gun-kata (ala _Equilibrium_)
to fight a special weapons and tactics (SWAT) team in another one of the
hospital’s hallways. He dodges the incoming SWAT fire while effectively
returning fire with his simu-Glock tagging each member of the team “out.” He
performs back flips, front flips, cartwheels, etc. as he does this.

In a final scene of Mr. Super Killer’s time as a crisis actor, he is shown
getting shot dozens of times by an army’s worth of SWAT officers in a handicap
bathroom stall, officers lean over the top and bottom of the stall’s wall
firing at him. Much like Huey Long’s assassin was blasted. When the firing
finally subsides, an officer yells, “Clear! Suspect neutralized!” Mr. Super
Killer takes off his ski mask and moans, “Ow, those simunition thingies really
hurt!”

Dawn says she once swung on to the top of a moving bulldozer that was going on
a rampage and shot the mad driver in the head 15 times, a perfect 15-to-15 hit
ratio for the magazine of her pistol.

In the flashback here, Dawn is seen blowing up a balloon animal at a little
girl’s birthday party, a semi-circle of children has formed around her,
admiring her blowing skills. Then in the background, a metallic grinding
sound, screaming, and a diesel motor kicking into high gear are heard. Dawn
drops the elephant balloon animal, a serious look hardens across her face. She
looks over the balcony and sees a bulldozer rampaging down the street, running
over cars, people, telephone poles, a phone booth, etc. She reaches up, grabs
a strand of outdoor backyard lights and swings down onto the roof of the
bulldozer like Arnold swings across the mall onto an elevator roof in
_Commando_. She grips the roof of the dozer with her legs like she is riding a
horse, then pulls out a pistol from behind her back. She jumps down onto the
dozer’s hood and kicks the window to the cab into a million broken shards with
one strong kick. The driver looks surprised, like he is reconsidering Islam
all the sudden. Holding her pistol in a firm two handed grip, Dawn fires 15
rounds into the driver’s head, killing him and coating the entire cab as well
as herself in blood and gore. After she is done, she reloads, then takes out a
small notepad and writes in it, 15/15. The children watching from the balcony
applaud as Dawn smiles and wipes a blood soaked lock of her blonde hair out of
her face.

Mr. Super Killer asks, “Ever kill a midget?” Dawn says “No, have you?” Mr.
Super Killer goes, “Yep! I almost missed him he was so small.” Ping Pong Bob
informs them that killing the Expendables was part of a Chinese pre-invasion
plan for the United States. He says the pre-pre-invasion plan involved putting
chemicals in common foodstuffs to make men more feminized, weaker, more wussy
like Mr. O’Neil from _Daria_. The Expendables, being older dudes escaped the
chemicals in the food and grew up to be too tough/patriotic/deadly, so they
had to be killed. Mr. Super Killer confesses he grew up on a farm and didn’t
eat the poisoned food. Dawn says she ate only matzo food, which tasted like
shit and cardboard, so she wasn’t poisoned either. Ping Pong Bob eyes them
suspiciously before giving them their $1 million paychecks and leaving on a
manhole cover sized drone. Mr. Super Killer and Dawn discuss what they’re
going to do with their money. Dawn says she is going to finance her own movie
called _Icebox Woman_…

**Scenes to follow: **

\--Mr. Super Killer (MSK) and Dawn fight off the Expendables’ enemies who come
to finish off the Expendables but wind up fighting MSK and Dawn instead,
thinking they’re the “hip, new, hep cat” Expendables.

\--Dawn sings the song, Tammy, from the movie _Tammy and the Bachelor (1957)_
while MSK watches from afar.

\--MSK’s former employer comes to kill him as he accidentally saw a Microsoft
PowerPoint presentation about staging a ridiculously implausible mass
shooting, fire melting steel for the first time ever, and that after much
research a woman’s anus is also preferable to a man’s anus, while a member of
SFOD-Delta. The assassins resemble Umbrella operatives from _Resident Evil_,
decked out in gas masks, tactical suits, ballistic helmets, night-vision
goggles, bulletproof vests, combat boots, and wielding shortened AR-15s and
Italian shotguns.

\--MSK and Dawn go to pick up a relative of one of theirs from high school
only to arrive at a school shooting in progress by two disaffected teenage
girls, resembling Daria Morgendorffer and Jane Lane, both dressed Matrix-style
and wielding two pistols each. After wild cafeteria shootout with the two
gunwomen, Dawn and MSK finally manage to get solid shots off and the Jane-
esque gunwoman is hit many, many, many times, before one lucky bullet
penetrates her heart, killing her instantly. Upon seeing this the Daria
doppelganger shooter commits suicide via a pistol in the mouth. After kicking
the fallen gunwomen’s weapons away, Dawn and MSK calmly holster their pistols
and leave the chaotic cafeteria as alarms blare, sprinklers sizzle, wounded
cry, and fires rage.

Outside the building, on the way back to their black SUV, Dawn and MSK spot a
man sitting on a curb outside the cafeteria building, beside himself with
grief. They approach him to offer comfort because they really ARE caring
people deep down.

“You, uh, you okay?” MSK asks him cautiously, standing behind him.

“No.” he sobs, head in his hands.

Dawn comes closer, puts a hand on his shoulder, kneels down, addresses him
quietly, “Was your daughter in there?”

The man shakes his head, “No.” He continues crying. “She was in the World
Trade Center.”

MSK and Dawn look shocked, speechless, Dawn recoils slightly. Today is the
anniversary of 9/11, they both realize in their swirling thoughts.

“I lost the two most important girls in my life that day.” He mutters through
his tears in a grim tone.

“Your wife and your daughter?” Dawn asks softly.

“No! I was fucking my 18-year-old daughter and her hot best friend! Yeah I
was! You heard me say it!” the man shouts defiantly through his tears,
flailing his arms, he stands up from the curb. “Yeah I said it! I was fucking
my daughter and her hot best friend! I was!” He spreads his arms in a Christ
like pose as he shouts. “Yeah I said it!” Dawn reacts impassively to the
display, MSK snickers a bit. Dawn backs away gradually, as the man cries and
laughs at the same time. MSK gently grasps her forearm and pulls her away
towards the SUV, where their relative is already laying on the hood casually
as if sunbathing.

It is later revealed that Dawn is hailed as a hero in the news for her actions
during the event and MSK is edited out of news footage and ignored completely,
probably due to his non-person status, which he got for being kicked out of
SFOD-Delta and seeing the scandalous PowerPoint presentation.

\--MSK and Dawn are driving down a road listening to “Somebody’s Watching Me”
by Rockwell and see a hitchhiker. They are about to pick him/her up before one
of them cautions that it may be a mass shooter! This is the now standard 21st
century irrational reaction to strangers that is an update on the “it may be a
serial killer” 20th century irrational reaction.

**Ending #1:** Ping Pong Bob advises his Chinese People’s Liberation Army superiors not to invade the US as then the US wouldn’t be able to lend them anymore money, it’s always better to have a slave nation at any rate, and also, because no one has ever successfully occupied the American cities of Chicago, Detroit, Newark, St. Louis, Philadelphia, Oakland and the list goes on to a 167.... Meanwhile, Dawn lands her first starring role in a movie suspiciously titled, _There are no Virgins in Foxholes_ and MSK is seen relaxing in a reclining chair, barefoot, holding a pistol in one hand and drinking a beer with the other. He lectures a lazy, lounging Shar Pei dog on firearms safety, “Now ya killing, now ya aint!”

**Ending #2:** The whole damn thing turns out all to be a hallucinatory dream from the drugs Stallone’s character is taking for his condition of micro-penis, which arises from him taking too many steroids.

**Trivia:** References include _The Expendables 1-3_, _Daria_, _Fury_, _Taking 5_, _Victory Point: Operations Red Wings and Whalers - The Marine Corps' Battle for Freedom in Afghanistan_, _Batman & Robin_, _Clancy 2: I just took off my clothes and I had to do it_, _Girl Meets World,_ _Resident Evil_, _Tammy and the Bachelor_,_ Commando_, _Counterstrike_, _Equilibrium_, _Duck Dynasty_, 9/11 conspiracy theories, the Huey Long assassination, the Killdozer rampage, and the Bin Laden raid.

