### KILLER SEX DRIVE by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-03-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** This piece includes an outline and some plot details of a re-imagining of the 2008 teenage sex comedy film Sex Drive as an action/adventure/thriller with a darker tone, to be called Killer Sex Drive. 

* * *

**KILLER SEX DRIVE**

_Killer Sex Drive_ would be a re-imagining of the 2008 film _Sex Drive_. The
2008 film was essentially your average teenage sex comedy common in the
American film industry from the 1970s onward. _Killer Sex Drive_ would be more
of an action film, and considerably darker in nature. What is written below is
an outline and some plot details of what _Killer Sex Drive_ would entail.

_Killer Sex Drive_ is the pulse pounding, yet beautiful and philosophic tale
of Bradley Emerson, an 18-year-old recent high school graduate who only just
had an epiphany as to how short and precious life is via the recent school
shooting at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colorado, which left 15 dead
and 24 injured. Societal and social pressures have also gone into overdrive
and Bradley is especially feeling the intense heat to lose his virginity. Over
the course of a month or two he has been talking to a mysterious, beautiful
woman on the Internet. Somehow the socially inept Bradley has managed to catch
her interest and she invites him to meet her. Bradley believes if he plays his
cards right it could lead to virginity loss. However, she lives almost a day’s
travel away and Bradley has been lying about many of his personal details. In
a bold, gutsy, hell-bent effort/plan Bradley aims to “borrow” his bully of an
eldest brother Bernard’s classic muscle car and meet her. Bradley’s two
friends Brock, a self-styled ladies’ man and Joanna, Bradley’s attractive
female best friend decide to join him on his quest, as does his sullen,
withdrawn older brother Malcolm, who comes along only to “provide security.”
As the journey begins it quickly becomes apparent this will not be a Sunday
drive through the park and it will actually be a _Killer Sex Drive._

**Timeline of movie**

July 28-29, 1999

**Characters**

**Bradley Emerson**-Our 18-year-old protagonist. Young, naïve, frail, socially inept, can’t stand up for himself, stuck in a minimum wage job, and perpetually girlfriend-less. Bullied by his older brother Bernard and looked upon with sympathy by his 2nd eldest brother Malcolm. He has been lifelong friends with Joanna, his attractive best female friend who he shares much in common and much chemistry with, and Brock, a self-styled ladies’ man who despite being chubby and sporting thick spectacles enjoys an active dating life. The Internet, the newfound creation from the Gods, has been a creative outlet for Bradley. He is much more social online than he ever has been in person. Now it appears his idle chats online are bringing dividends as a gorgeous blonde haired blue eyed woman has become interested in him. She even is open to meeting him. The only problem Bradley has is, he has been lying about himself, he is not ripped, he is frail, he doesn’t own a car, much less a classic muscle car, he isn’t well off, in fact, he is nearly suicidal over his plight. Inspired to live life to the fullest, to do or die by the nearby Columbine High School shootings, Bradley decides to take the plunge and attempt to meet his “golden gal,” enlisting his friends for help in his quest.

**Malcolm Emerson**-Bradley’s 27-year-old brother. He has almost a decade long history of dealing with dangerous situations. He joined the US Army at 18 in 1990 and served for four years. While in the Army he served in the Gulf War in 1991 and Operation Restore Hope in 1993. Malcolm saw “action” in both campaigns. Coincidentally, he met future Oklahoma City Bomber Timothy McVeigh (who would later kill 168 and injure 700) during his time in the Gulf and thought he was an “outstanding sergeant.” After the Gulf, Malcolm’s superiors labeled him a “good soldier” and his dedicated efforts in the war were duly noted. In the Army he was a member either of the Rangers, the Delta Force or the Green Berets. It is not clear which he was a member of; Bradley and Brock oft mention him being a member of one of these three elite organizations during his time in the Army and performing extraordinary feats. After leaving the Army in 1994, Malcolm became an officer with the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD). Malcolm was in two shootouts during his time as an LAPD officer, the 2nd being the infamous 1997 North Hollywood shootout which left 2 dead and 18 injured. Malcolm was one of the first officers to respond to the call. He has told others that he felt helpless and powerless during the shootout and mentions that despite scoring “hits” on the gunmen, it had no effect on them (as they were wearing heavy armor) and they continued their rampage. The Columbine High School massacre was another event that greatly affected Malcolm. Malcolm was ashamed, disgusted, and horrified by the police response to the massacre. The police on that day had done the opposite of their duty, they did nothing to stop the gunmen, they did not intervene during the massacre, they terrified already frightened students, they failed to act quickly enough, and through shoddy police work did not see the massacre coming despite the obvious warning signs. Malcolm felt the police were partly responsible for all the deaths that day. Because of this Malcolm felt he could no longer associate with such an organization as the police. They had become something else. On May 20, 1999 one month after the Columbine massacre, Malcolm turned in his badge and quit the LAPD after five years of service. As he was walking out of the police station from turning in his badge, news of another school shooting, in Conyers, Georgia this time, blared from a TV in the lobby. Malcolm told a group of officers in the lobby “don’t think you haven’t contributed to this!” “There will be more of these. A terrible, new era is upon us. There is a good chance the day will come for you to respond to something like that, especially in a city like this! Prepare yourselves! Be ready! There will be more…”

Personally Malcolm is a quiet, professional, subdued person, someone who is
dutiful, takes pity upon the weak and tries to help them (a reflection of his
service in Somalia perhaps), and yet at the same time, can be tough and
ruthless in a fight, to a degree that is almost like a split personality. Too
honest and good, for his own good. Currently languishing from PTSD as a result
of his military and police service.

Malcolm has been unemployed in the two plus months’ time since quitting the
LAPD; he is collecting unemployment, trying to find a job in his “category,”
and is thinking about going back to school. Malcolm is spending another day
lounging around the house reminiscing and thinking about his time in the Army
and the LAPD and the massacre at Columbine when he overhears his brother
Bradley’s plans. He tells Bradley it may be an entrapment, but Bradley is
desperate and willing to take that chance. Bradley likes and respects Malcolm
unlike his other brother Bernard whom he hates. Malcolm is eager for “action”
of another kind and a mission in general, he offers his services to “provide
security, drive, and look after” Bradley and his friends. Bradley agrees as
long as Malcolm stays “out of his way.” With that Malcolm beings happily
preparing for the impromptu trip, he makes sure to pack ample firepower as he
has a feeling things may go awry. They do…

**Bernard Emerson**—The 29-year-old brother of Malcolm and Bradley. An executive for the incredibly corrupt American Group Insurance firm which received large taxpayer funded government bailouts in the recent recession. A bully by nature, loud, obnoxious, loves to swear and fight, but seems very insecure with his ego. Constantly harasses Bradley, but stays away from Malcolm because he is a “psycho Army vet.” Drives a classic muscle car gifted to him by a deceased grandfather. He decorated the car with gaudy flames and rims with exorbitant amounts of “bling.” Also enjoys shredding metal riffs at odd hours of the night. Makes fun of Bradley for his social condition. Thinks Bradley and his quest are “crazy bullshit,” but secretly couldn’t stand it if he were proven wrong, on this matter or on any matter.

**Joanna**—The 18-year-old attractive lifelong female best friend of Bradley. Tall, slender, sporting a Joan of Arc haircut, and a “just one of the guys” attitude, she gets along with Bradley real well, sharing many of the same interests, musical tastes, and styles of humor as him. Despite this, she was never interested in him as more than a friend, yet complained to him that the guys she dated did not have his qualities. Overall, is a caring person and a loyal friend, she is suspicious (not to mention jealous) of Bradley’s plan, but decides to tag along anyway as she had no plans this weekend.

**Brock**—The 18-year-old lifelong friend of Bradley. Short, stout, chubby, obnoxious, always wearing thick black framed glasses, and a popped collar. He is Bradley’s gregarious sidekick who is always trying to goad him into standing up for himself, taking a chance with a girl or starting a fight. Brock fashions himself a womanizer in spite of his out of shape physique. Although he is often antagonistic with Bradley he is 100% supportive of his quest and vows to go with him on it, seeking “glory” for himself. He is the only one in Bradley’s circle to be behind him fully in his quest. 

**The Car**

Bernard Emerson’s “pimped out” vehicle, a first generation Dodge Charger, was
effectively hijacked by Bradley and his compatriots for the drive. Malcolm saw
no problem with it as Bernard needed a lesson in humility. Bernard once
remarked of the 5,000 excess suicides from the recession, “I wish it were 5
million.” Bradley swiped the keys from a secret compartment on the car, which
he had noticed when Bernard gave him rides to work, berating him the whole
way. Bradley and Malcolm take turns driving as Brock and Joanna sit in the
back. The car is powerful, fast, beautiful, and candy apple red in color.

**The Weapons**

Having PTSD, being paranoid, and his “combat sense” tingling, Malcolm stashed
some weapons in the classic car, a rifle in the trunk and a pistol in the
glove compartment.

**SR-25 semiautomatic marksman’s rifle**-An expensive, semiautomatic, non-traditional sniper rifle that Malcolm bought from one of his Army buddies. Malcolm packs a few ten and twenty round magazines for the rifle and carries its scope in mint condition in a separate case. He has only fired it on a few occasions prior to the _Killer Sex Drive_. Malcolm takes the finest of Bernard’s guitar cases and uses it as a carrying case for the SR-25 rifle and its magazines.

**Smith and Wesson Model 4506**-This was given to Malcolm shortly after the 1997 North Hollywood Shootout by the LAPD in an attempt to better arm its officers. The gun was chosen for its stopping power. Before being hastily given this gun Malcolm carried the standard LAPD Beretta 92FS. The department never asked for the Beretta and Malcolm kept it. When Malcolm resigned from the LAPD he turned in his Beretta, which was still the standard service pistol and kept his S&W Model 4506, which he liked much better than the Beretta.

**Action sequences**

**Highway shootout—**While driving on the highway, Bradley inadvertently enrages several drivers and entices a horde of street racers. First a road rager (who happens to be an off-duty cop) waves a gun at him and takes aim, but Malcolm riddles the attacker’s driver side door with bullets, wounding the man. In a last ditch effort the wounded rager attempts to ram Bradley’s car, but Malcolm carefully aims the last shot in his clip at the rager’s tire, causing the rager’s car to spin out and crash into a nearby wood. Malcolm then takes over driving as he asks Bradley to reload; he does this in order to teach him independence and about firearms, in general. He is/was a harsh teacher, but anyone he ever taught improved in performance. Then four street racers in fancy cars surround the Charger and provoke them into a race. Bradley notices two of his classmates are piloting one of the cars. They race on, weaving in and out of traffic, including a truck convoy. One street racer crashes into a truck then rolls off the highway into the woods after failing to replicate a quick move Malcolm had made. After avoiding a ramming attack from one of the street racers, Malcolm dodges yet another ramming attack at the last second, sending one street racer crashing into the other. The final street racer makes his escape, as Malcolm, Bradley, and the others drive on, scared, frightened, but happy to be alive. Malcolm smiles as now he knows Bradley’s combat cherry is truly broken and next time he’ll be calmer under fire.

**Jealous boyfriend fight**—While stopped at a gas station, Brock picks up an emotionally exhausted auburn haired cashier who was fighting and fed up with her boyfriend that day. When the time comes to move out, Malcolm, Joanna, and Bradley cannot find Brock anywhere. Bradley gets a call from Brock with the address where he can be picked up after, “sealing the deal.” Bradley can’t get a word in edgewise as Brock excitedly jabbers on, before abruptly hanging up. Bradley, Malcolm, and Joanna go to the address and wait there, only to see another vehicle pull into the trailer park. A burly man emerges from the truck. Malcolm notices a Navy SEAL trident symbol on the back of the truck, and thinks the man is a current or former Navy SEAL, in which case Brock is in terminal danger. The man goes inside the trailer where Brock and the girl are. Malcolm stealthily sneaks around the trailer and climbs in a window. The SEAL is beating the life out of Brock by the time he finally is inside the trailer. Malcolm confronts the SEAL and tries to talk him out of it, but the SEAL has none of it and fights Malcolm too. As they engage in a back and forth fist fight, wrecking much of the interior of the trailer, Brock escapes. The SEAL recognizes Malcolm as a former military special operator by his fighting technique. Malcolm stuns the SEAL with a surprise uppercut, and then runs from the trailer into the car. Brock grabs the M4506 pistol from the glove compartment and aims it at the SEAL, preparing to fire. Malcolm, however, pushes Brock’s upraised arm down, screaming, “No!” in a rare fit of rage as he dives into the car. Bradley guns the engine and gets them out of there, as the SEAL runs after the car, then apparently gives up. However, the SEAL hasn’t given up and only stopped to note the license plate number, which he will use (along with his Special Forces contacts) to track them anywhere they go.

**Ed Gein fight**—While stopped on the side of the road for an impromptu bathroom break Bradley and Joanna are attacked by a farmer dressed in red flannel with a burlap sack over his head (with holes cut out for eyes), a .22-caliber rifle across his back, and a madly revving chainsaw in his hands. First Bradley narrowly avoids being shot in the head by the man, who shoots at him from across the road in a cornfield. The bullet hits the Charger’s frame instead. After firing at Bradley and Joanna several more times, the man pauses to reload and Malcolm retrieves his SR-25 rifle from the trunk and joins the fight. Malcolm opens fire on the muzzle flash when the man unleashes hell again, wounding the man. The man then drops his rifle and charges forward with the chainsaw held high. Joanna tells the men not to kill the attacker as they can’t keep leaving a trail of destruction in their wake without attracting too much attention. Bradley retrieves the M4506 pistol as the man attacks Malcolm barely missing him with the chainsaw. Malcolm scrambles backward into another cornfield, the chainsaw wielding man slashing at him the whole way, death just mere inches away. Bradley follows them into the field with the M4506 pistol. Finally, the man puts the whole weight of his body on Malcolm’s leg, trapping him. Just as the man raises the saw to finish off Malcolm, Bradley shoots the chainsaw with the M4506 pistol, causing it to malfunction and cease to function. A sliver of hot metal from the damaged saw flies off and hits the man right in the eye slit of his burlap sack, he collapses to the ground howling in pain. Malcolm simply nods and smiles at Bradley, letting him know a job well done. All four of them get back in the car and leave. They phone in the incident to the police, but by the time the police arrive at the scene, the man is mysteriously gone. They dismiss it as a prank call.

**County lock up fight**—Bradley, Malcolm, and Brock find themselves sitting in the local police department’s “drunk tank” jail, as the result of the actions by the cheated-on SEAL. He called in a favor with the local sheriff who was a Gulf War veteran whom he served with and had the men jailed on disorderly conduct charges, just to teach them a lesson until he could get there to deal with them personally. Joanna was not mentioned by the SEAL in his report to the sheriff, apparently having not been seen physically or not seen as guilty by the SEAL. Inside the county lock up, scrawny Bradley quickly draws attention from the drunks and drug users in the tank as a weakling who they can beat up for fun, while they await their eventual release. The main drunk hates Bradley so much, so fast he seems to have a taken a page from Bernard’s book. When Bradley tries to stand up to them at the encouragement of Brock, it only provokes them more. The main drunk declares Bradley not only to be a “Yankee” (northerner), but a “ beta fag” who doesn’t know when to shut up, and thus worthy of an ass kicking. Brock stands in front of Bradley claiming that anyone who fights Bradley must fight him too. A man on PCP swiftly knocks out Brock with a single punch. The main drunk laughs. Infuriated and inspired to fight back for the first time in his life, Bradley lunges forward and strikes the main drunk as hard as he can muster, giving him a bloody lip. The main drunk merely scoffs. The gang of aggressors moves in and starts beating on Bradley. Malcolm, previously silent, having a PTSD flashback to Somalia in the corner, springs to life, leaps at the mob and begins disassembling the pack with a series of precise blows. He knocks out the man on PCP by ramming his head against the cell’s toilet. He also strikes the main drunk hard enough to bust out one of his teeth. Bradley, though beaten, finds a second wind and joins in the fray. Although the fisticuffs turn in their favor, they are still outnumbered and both continue to receive savage punches of utter fury. Just as Malcolm gets the main drunk in a chokehold and is about to fatally snap his neck; a commanding shout comes from the hallway, causing them all to look in that direction, temporarily stopping the fight. The sheriff and a few deputies are standing in front of the cell with guns drawn. The sheriff orders Malcolm, Bradley, and Brock released, saying he only detained them as a favor to a friend and he is letting them go after looking up Malcolm’s military service record on the police station’s server. Bradley says the service record doesn’t say it all, as some of the missions Malcolm went on are classified. The sheriff just tells him to shut up and get the fuck out of his jail. Bradley revives Brock, and they all quietly leave the county lock up. Outside the police station, Bradley calls Joanna, who was at a nearby diner with the car, deciding what to do. They rendezvous and continue their quest, driving onward in absolute silence over the days’ events.

**Final parking lot shootout**—Bradley finally meets his golden gal in a vacant parking lot across from the hotel him and his crew are staying at. Just as he thinks he is about to lose it to the girl, his brother Bernard, who had been tracking him in a furious rage the whole time (over his “stolen” car), drags him from the car and beats him publicly. Then Bernard starts to drive away in the car, only to be rammed and stopped by the cheated-on SEAL, who then emerges from his truck with a shotgun. He and Bernard get into an argument over the confusion (Bernard never having learned not to argue with someone with a gun) and nearly start to the fight when the golden gal and her “boyfriend” interrupt them by pointing revolvers at them, revealing the whole deal to be a set up to rob Bradley of the car. The golden gal entrapper/robber calls her “boss” and tells him to come retrieve them and the car. As Bernard and the SEAL come to this realization of the fraud, the two entrapper/robbers hold them at gunpoint, but Bradley seems to have disappeared. Suddenly a shot rings out and Bradley emerges with the M4506 pistol from behind the car, he tells the entrapper/robbers to drop their weapons. Unbeknownst to those on scene, the sound of the shot sends Malcolm, Joanna, and Brock running for the car outside the hotel. Meanwhile, the “boyfriend” entrapper/robber just laughs at Bradley, sensing he is weak and won’t shoot them. He even drops his magnum revolver to prove he won’t. Bradley shoots him in the leg, wounding him, but still the “boyfriend” entrapper/robber laughs, knowing Bradley doesn’t have the guts to fatally shoot him. Malcolm, Brock, and Joanna arrive on the scene, the SEAL goes nuts upon seeing Brock, he lunges for his dropped shotgun and runs toward Brock. The female entrapper/robber aims in the direction of the SEAL and Brock, and Joanna, in a burst of defiance attacks her, and begins struggling with her for the revolver. Malcolm dives for the trunk of the car and retrieves his SR-25 rifle. As he loads his rifle, the SEAL shoots Brock in the groin with his shotgun, grievously wounding him. The SEAL turns towards the entrapper/robbers, but the “boyfriend” rolls to the side, picks up his magnum revolver, shoots Bradley to disable him, then turns and shoots the SEAL dead. The SEAL gets off only one shotgun blast, which hits the car before dying. Bradley falls to the ground with a shoulder wound. The female entrapper/robber gains the upper hand in her fight with Joanna, pushes her off and shoots her in the stomach. She also shoots Bernard who has been standing out in the open in shock with his hands up, begging for his life since the first shot. Bernard falls to the ground with a chest wound. Malcolm, now locked, loaded, and fully in combat mode, stands up from behind the car, aiming down the sights of his rifle at the assailants. The pair of entrapper/robbers both aim at their new target, but before they can get a shot off, Malcolm gets a clean headshot on the “boyfriend” entrapper/robber, killing him. The female fires a few quick panicked shots, all of which go wide, before ducking behind the car and starting to move around it to Malcolm’s position. Just as she is moving around the car, her boss and his bodyguard arrive on scene in a black sedan, seeing the carnage, they emerge guns drawn. The boss is wielding some kind of Nock gun while his bodyguard wields a Tec-9 machine pistol. The female entrapper/robber smirks upon seeing this and moves to the side of the car, just itching to kill Malcolm. Malcolm, seeing her in the driver’s side mirror, waits for just the right opportunity, before popping up and firing a string of shots at her. The golden gal entrapper/robber falls dead. Malcolm quickly changes position, ducking behind the now deceased SEAL’s truck as the boss entrapper and his bodyguard shout at him and open fire full force, nearly destroying the truck in their fusillade. Malcolm is also wounded in the tremendous barrage. By sheer coincidence, the two street racing classmates of Bradley’s happen upon the scene after recognizing the car from the highway. Determined to get revenge for their fallen fellow racers, they cruise into the parking lot, not realizing the situation. Thinking the street racers are reinforcements for Malcolm, the boss of entrappers and his bodyguard riddle the car with gunfire, killing both occupants and setting it alight. Malcolm takes the opening provided by the bombardment to return fire on the two attackers. His shots kill the bodyguard and wound the boss. The boss retreats behind the Charger, and drags the wounded Joanna in front of him. Joanna can’t resist as she is occupied holding in her entrails from the stomach wound. The boss puts the seven barrels of his Nock gun under her chin. Malcolm dashes closer and crouches behind the hood of the Charger, aiming right at the boss’s head, down the sights. He holds his fire for fear of hitting Joanna though. “Game over, prick! Drop the gun! I’ve been in this business a long time, nothing quite like a beautiful young girl with her head blown off. But you don’t want that right? Drop it hero!” the boss yells over to Malcolm. Malcolm holds steady. The boss grins and laughs, “Fine, the bitch dies!” He pulls the trigger, but nothing happens, Joanna takes a step back. While he was delivering his ultimatum to Malcolm, Joanna had clicked the safety back on, on the Nock gun, rendering it “safe” and unable to fire. Malcolm saw her do this and patiently waited. The boss is puzzled, he tries pulling the trigger again to no avail, his last thought on Earth is of total befuddlement, then a well-aimed shot from Malcolm’s rifle blasts his brain into a fine pink matter. In spite of his wounds, Malcolm drops his rifle and starts triaging and treating his brother Bradley and his friends as the police and paramedics finally arrive. Bernard is only lightly wounded, but very shaken, still Malcolm directs him in providing first aid to Bradley and the others.

**ENDING**—Despite the bloody final shootout, the incident is ignored in the national press as it was overshadowed that day by a shooting spree in Stockbridge, Georgia that left 10 dead and 13 wounded. Thus Bradley and his group survive not only with their lives, but with their reputations intact as unscrupulous attention from the press was avoided. The sheriff investigating the parking lot shootout is the same sheriff who held them in the county jail earlier and was a close friend of the now deceased SEAL. Learning of his friend’s death and Malcolm’s and the other’s heroic actions in the aftermath, he declines to file charges against any of them.

Bradley and Joanna spend a lot of time together recovering from their wounds;
they grow closer than before and eventually become a couple. Bradley loses his
virginity to Joanna. They later marry after graduating college.

Brock survives his wounds but has to have his penis amputated. A changed man,
he becomes very religious and eventually joins a monastery in the Colorado
Rocky Mountains. His personality is now a 180 degree flip from what it once
was.

Bernard later commits suicide by jumping off a high-rise after his firm is
investigated for massive financial fraud. His firm’s practices had received
new attention in light of the 2001 Enron scandal and naturally, Bernard was
among those at his workplace who were corrupt.

Malcolm rejoins the US Army after 9/11, and goes back to his previous “special
operations command.” He serves two tours in the Iraq War and is promoted to
the rank of staff sergeant. In September 2005, during the battle of Tal Afar
in northern Iraq, Malcolm is found dead inside a Humvee with a gunshot wound
to the head. Upon investigation it could not be determined if his death was a
homicide, an accident or a suicide. The coroner lists his date of death as
September 11, 2005 on his death certificate.

On March 22, 2001, an 18-year-old student with a shotgun went on a rampage at
a southern California high school. Fortunately, he was only able to slightly
wound a few students and teachers before an on-campus police officer shot and
wounded him in the torso and jaw, then took him into custody. The officer was
one of those given an impromptu lecture by Malcolm as he exited the police
station after turning in his badge on May 20, 1999. The officer cited the
lecture as a reason that he threw himself back into his work. The teenage
gunman hung himself in his jail cell a year and half later.

