### Vegas: City of Cards, Drugs and Rock: Part I by CharlesRussel94

**Date Added:** 2015-06-21. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** When an Alchoholic ex-soldier, a failed Casino King and a hedonistic poker champion get together to the background of 1970's Vegas rock the result is awesomeness, read on to enter a world of crime, rock and cards. 

* * *

Las Vegas 1976.

It was the height of the Nevada summer, the wind barely blew and the tarmac
seemed to wibble in front of any man walking outside of nightfall. The desert
dust blew in over the road as the Las Vegas sprawl lay out on the desert
plain. A desert scorpion was the only thing to be seen, crawling up through
the sand. Strolling across it's harsh kingdom. Legs out proud, tail up as if
it was scared of no man, not even the heavens above. Untouchable. Indomitable.
The silence of his wide realm only broken by the sounds of mating crickets.
His legs coming to an impasse, a black mountain seemingly rising up to the
boiling sun. impossible to climb without breaking, his swagger unperturbed by
this new challenge to his dominance. Sighing deep he began the cruel slog
upwards to tackle the unscrupulous usurper to his desert throne. It was then
that he could feel it, his hairs sticking up on his legs. And a curious noise
rapped through them, it was, beautiful. The first chords hit him, waves of
deep thumping beat followed by a sound that buried itself deep into the hair.
It was coming closer, the vibrations shook his body. A whoosh of heat knocked
him back but he didn't care, his mind was in a heavenly daze waking up only to
see from the air, the monster that had knocked him so far up. His kingdom lay
before him, in it's mist a blazing trail of dust ripping through that
undefeatable black mountain. The music still shooting through the air.

The man in that metal monster of petrol, steel and glass was Jimmy Six, smooth
as a peach dressed in a cheap suit and large western hat. His large moustache
covered his bill like top lip. His harsh face and stubble gave away his tough
ranching routes. Tapping his fingers as the sound of Jimmi Hendrix blasted
through the radio. Hanging from his neck was his purple heart medal, a
glorious hangover from Vietnam. Not so glorious was the lack of two of his
fingers on his right hand. On the seat next to him a silver case packed with
cash. Ready for the tournament of his life. Taking a cigar into his mouth with
his left hand he blew it out in a blatant defecation of the desert kingdom.
Blue eyes piercing through the mirage of endless tarmac. However his long
journey was nearly at it's conclusion sparkling lights of “sin city” like
lights to the pitiless moths of down on their luck gambling addicts and
honeymoon couples. Hendrix followed the car like a cloud of intoxicating
smoke. He had come to win and win is what he always did. He was the Ace of
spades, no doubt about it.

Ricky Spades that is, he was his boss of sorts. And there he was up on the
front page of the Las Vegas chronicle that was lying on the back-seat smiling
picture and all. Big cheesy smile moustache straight out of prison and a
ponytail of epic proportions. Standing tall with golden suit and fluorescent
green trousers. The wink gave away everything you needed to know. Tobacco
stained teeth and a hoop earring in his left ear made him look all the part.
He had his fingers in many pies, not all of them legal, but then again that
was part of the job when part of the Sin City aristocracy. King he may have
been but King of the Queens would have been more apt. Part porn producer part
Record king with a little bit of Casino god thrown in for good measure. He'd
been plastered over magazine cover after magazine cover, local politicians,
rock stars, porn stars and gambling aficionados he had met and influenced all
of them. It was his money that Jimmi Six was hauling around tournament to
tournament.

Sitting in his office in the heart of the strip he had his feet up against the
desk, blinds closed to stop the sun, air conditioning blowing hard against the
back of his head. His sleeves rolled up to his elbows hat duffed forward,
heroin flowing into his veins his eyes closed behind aviator glasses. Pictures
of Sinatra, Hendrix, Elvis and others hung on the left wall snake skin boots
lay abandoned on the purple carpet floor. Files blew their corners turning up
irreparably. His eyes flickering as he felt an all quieting pain relieving
calm that flooded his nervous system the thudding fan the only punctuation to
the darkened room. A colt 1911 lay down on the desk. On a small picture frame
was the picture of the man he used to be, Private Spades 1942, a saluting
young man just a fresh faced young boy really. A far cry from the den of
inequity he now inhabited. The sound of sirens from below merely added the
commas and full stops to the office. Although there was one sound he probably
should have focused on. A car engine stopping outside.

If he had bothered to look he would have seen a Black Cadillac parking outside
up on the kerb. Ducking down as they got out were two short broad men with
tanned skin one merely had a eyeless socket that had healed over, the other
was bald with his ill fitting brown suit and large protruding belly. They
moved toward the two double glass doors silently moving in on their prey never
halting. Pushing open the door they passed the receptionist, their gazes
meeting briefly, he winked at her and it seemed if he was undressing her with
his eyes, she looked away in fear. They walked over to the lift, their eyes
darted around the room taking in everything their hands touching their suits
nervously. If looking mean was an industry then these guys would certainly be
professionals. Like two lumps of meat they stood awkwardly waiting for the
lift to reach the ground floor. The receptionist picked up the phone to call
her boss and warn him. They walked into the lift as it dinged at the bottom,
the mirror reflecting their persons. One turned to the other and they made
small talk as they waited the tense ride to the top.

“We gonna kill him Jose?”

“Probably not.”

“We gonna beat him up a little then?”

“Depends.”

A few more awkward minuets followed. Then Jose, confirmed the pretense, the
contents of his suit revealed the reason behind it's ill fitting nature.
Within was a large black crowbar. The other man smiled a toothy smile and drew
out a large serrated machete. Jose looked at him and a faint smile spread
across his emotionless face. He played with his large moustache before the
doors slid open.

“ We gonna do this boy?”

“He'll get the message, let's just put it that way”

They walked, weapons drawn down the corridor lined with purple cushioning. And
mirrored ceiling. The lights were dark and an A-Z of anybody who was anybody
lined the walls, some shaking hands with Ricky Spades, others just on their
own, but none could help him now. They went up to the door at the end of the
corridor and began hammering at it with their weapons. Eventually the door
creaked open. To greet them was a dosed up Ricky, his glasses barely fitting
on his face. Jose punched Ricky straight in the face, smashing him backwards
into the desk.

“That's to wake you up you fucking bitch.”

Ricky's back hit the corner of the desk nearly impaling him. He groaned back
to consciousness as he started to wake up. He was coming to the stark
realization of who the guy's were. He tired to find his chair but merely
stumbled around instead unaware of his surroundings. Jose kicked him over
falling back in his gaudy leather seat. Kneeling over him he asked.

“You awake yet”

No response was garnered. He decided he'd have to get creative.

“Carlos, boil some water. This Chingada don't want listen to us. Isn't that
right you fucking prick!”

But Ricky was still miles away from consious lying there inbetween broken wood
and good green dollars he lay like a sack of potatoes in the middle of the
room. Bottles of Tequila lined the shelves with good ol' Jack Daniels coming
along for the ride. Jose preceded to smash them up reining glass and liquid
all over Ricky, cutting into flesh like paper while alcohol spread deep into
his wounds. Jose stamped down on his face with his huge heels. Kicking at the
side of his head with the sharp toe. He took the kettle of Carlos's hands,
pouring the boiling water down onto Ricky's face. The steam rose even before
it hit his skin. Drop after drop landed causing Ricky to cry out in pain at
last he was coming to his senses. Blows reigned down as Carlos's filthy smile
landed firmly in Ricky's face laughing with his tongue protruding. Ricky
suddenly came to the realization that this situation wasn't exactly good for
him, in his blurred vision he started to take on the enormity of the
situation. He shook his head trying to regain his composure. The two
Colombians hauled him up and slammed him onto the desk. Carlos moved around to
the side and kept up the interrogation. Ricky spoke his first words to them.

“What the fuck is it!, you haven't even fucking asked me anything! Jesus!”

“I'd shut up man, do you think this is funny, you stole a lot of fucking
money!”

Through the haze of his heroin streak he could barely see let alone think
well. He had no idea what they were talking about. Although a sharp reminder
would soon come to him.

“Oh yeah, well Senor Cardenez went to get his money from the account only to
find that it was fucking gone. Why is that!”

“What account? Who the fuck is..oh shit.”

His realization was very unwelcome. He knew he was in the shit. Suddenly his
heart rate shot through the roof, he remembered what all of this was about.
That suprise dropped like a lead ballon he looked around, the situation hardly
looked good. Pinned down on a table in his own office surrounded by two very
angry Colombians, he couldn't imagine his clients being too keen on placing a
bet on his survival.

“Ah so you remember do you?, well that's good you can go and get it back now.
We don't have to kill cause then you can't pay us back can you?”

“Your assuming that I don't have it.”

“Well yeah. It's not there.”

“What if I was to tell you it's in a special place that no one can find it.”

“Well I’d say you be a liar.”

Then, in the middle of this rapidly deteriorating situation came the roar of
an engine outside. Faint, but definitely there. The low roar of a truck. Ricky
thought fast, he didn't know anyone who would be driving a truck and as it got
closer he came to a revelation. There's only one person who drives a truck
like that, 'shit' he thought to himself. That must be the O'Dowed brothers.
Sure enough, outside pulled up a 4x4 black all over aside from the gaudy
bumper stickers emblazoned by a large cross. Bullet holes lined the vehicle.
Ford was written in block letters on the back and in the back were four gunmen
in large sombreros like the ones worn in old fifties Westerns. Their denim
jackets stood out against the bleak desert. Confederate badges sown into them
and buttons that reflected the sun. Shot guns and old style rifles in their
hands they jumped out landing in their sand covered boots. Then out from the
cabin came a large snake skin boot, followed by another panning up through the
dark jeans and across the checked shirt was a large man, 6ft 10” at least, his
ginger hair flowing from behind his head and his large bushy moustache made
him look like an ageing rock star. His green eyes piercing into the Casino in-
front of him as if he was staring through it. His chapped lips firm with
determination, in his rough hands was a triple barrelled shot gun, a kind
never seen before. He rested it on his shoulder as he came round the front.
His other brother did the same, for identical twins they had tried their best
to make sure nobody made that assumption, the second had no hair at all and no
beard which made his eyes seem even more piercing especially as the sun caught
them in a light that made them seem as if they were the windows into the back
off his head. The lines on his forehead showed the stress that came from
trying to control his brother. In his hands were two revolvers with white
handles, a snake wove it's way up the barrels and on the side was emblazoned
his initials. The bigger of the two spoke with a deep throaty voice as he lit
a cigarette in his mouth and inhaled the smoke. Blowing it out he said.

“So brother, we gonna get this son o' a bitch?”

“You first Ryan, your the one with the shotgun.”

“And your the one with the brains no?, well stay the fuck back let me do the
fighting.”

“Well just shoot Ricky, not anyone in the lobby and fucking relax, granddaddy
don't want us to kill the bastard.”

“Shut up Sam, let's just get in there.”

They walked over, their shadows cast long across the sand, their guns by their
sides it looked as if the west had never changed. They opened the large doors
as the security guard wasn't going to stop them. The receptionist looked at
them open mouthed. She hid under the counter so as not to invite the
intentions of these seemingly very bad men. She heard the lift door open and
the thud of feet on metal. Inside the lift was a man who was definitely not
one of them. He was in a whisky stained vest, with ripped jeans covered in
large patches. His shoes were black and laced up, he smelt of alcohol and piss
in equal measure. He stood straight like a soldier, he was hardly
inconspicuous. His face was like a map and his eyes bloodshot through lack of
sleep and massive alcohol abuse. Covered in stubble that looked as if it had
been painted on. His hair stood up on end and he could barely stand. His name
was Terry Carter and he was exactly what his face explained. An ex-soldier
with the stress to match, every wrinkle caused by a lifetime of fighting and
killing, living on the edge of the sword of life. Everything else however
could only be blamed on him, he was a sad sack alcoholic his red eyes came
from a past 4 hours hopelessly attempting to score on the fruit machines. His
shaking hands the fault of shell shock and dependency in equal measure. His
lack of grooming ability or hygiene could be blamed on much the same thing. He
had been spending three days on the slot machines drinking whisky by the
bottle and he was about to be dragged into events that had nothing to do with
him. He had stumbled in the lift in the vein hope of grabbing some sleep.

The gangsters shuffled awkwardly on the spot as the room filled with cigarette
smoke as the brothers lit up together and the lift stopped moving. Creaking
their necks staring at the bleak metal door they started to check their guns.
In his half dazed state Terry started to realize where he was, his mind was
making rapid calculations. It wasn't the first time he'd been in a lift with
more guns than people. He looked for an escape route, he was pretty sure these
fellas hadn't come for the black jack. At least it would be interesting he
thought to himself. He felt strange all of a sudden it was one of those
feelings where you feel you maybe have no choice no free will of what is going
to happen. But he was sure it wasn't good. He felt a slight pain in his arm,
he looked at the point of pain, it was his tattoo, the words “Who Dares Wins”
burned into him. Maybe this would be a redemption. He knew somehow, the only
way to survive this was going to be to fight. Probably the only thing that he
was good at. The doors wooshed open. The Colombians looked up, the Irish
looked at the Colombians, Ricky Spades rolled off the table, rolling fast he
got up and recovered his posture, grabbing the Colt 1911 from his desk as he
did it. This was one of those moments, that the whole world stood still.
Dependent on what happens next. Dependent on the actions of others. Much as if
one were to play poker with ones life. Eyes look across to one another for
some tiny indication of what they will do. Every twitch seems to have the
significance of a thousand words. Every heart beat seems to last a lifetime.
Nobody dares move for fear of ending their lives. Every sound amplified by a
million and then. Bang.

“Who the fuck are you!”

“Well that doesn't matter because I want to know who the fuck are you!”

“Ricky”

They both called his name and Terry was about to make his move. He pulled the
body of the man in front of him backward the thug fell and hit the floor his
body sounding like a mill stone as everything seeming came into slow motion.
The gun fell from his hands and Terry picked it up cocking it, he prepared to
fire, Ricky pulled a face, a mixture of fear and pants shitting shock. His
golden filling full on show against the purple lighting of the hallway. Long
as it may have been he still thought he was about to get well and truly fucked
and those fellas in the lift didn’t know the shit that was about to happen to
them. The things those iconic portraits of buddy holly and elvis were about to
witness would be horrific indeed, it was just a damn good job that the walls
were coloured burgundy, it might hide the blood better.

As the men in the lift turned around, Terry's finger pulled the trigger. The
shells ripped through the men, tearing through organs and bone splattering the
lift with a blood explosion, the gunmen fell like dominoes as the smoke filled
up the lift. Ricky reacted with speed he'd not known since the fall of Saigon,
his 1911 echoing the thuds of it's big brother. The Colombians fell like a
sack of heavy potatoes as the carnage reigned supreme, the two brothers hid on
either side of the lift looking to protect themselves from Ricky's
advantageous position. Ricky saw with horror that Terry was aiming his double
barrel sawn off shotgun right toward Ricky. He was probably at safe distance
but none the less he dived out of the way as the balls came speeding toward
him. They bounced and ricochet off of the pictures ruining the great faces of
the past, Elvis died of a bullet to the face. If there was a moment Ricky
thought to himself, that epitomized these years it was this, facing down an
alcoholic ex-soldier who'd just blown away five Irish gangsters. Terry cocked
the gun again, this was more like it he thought to himself. Back in there,
back in the action after three years out of the saddle. It was good to be
causing shit once again. He took a still smoking cigarrete from the mouth of
one of the dead cowboys sprawling on the awful carpet and inhaled all it's
deadly goodness. As he stood out of the lift the elder brother came out from
behind the side of the door. Without even looking round Terry could feel
boring into the back of his neck the gun of one of the “Brothers Grimm”.
Pulling the trigger without mercy the Irishman barely had time to get the gun
from his pocket. Ball bearings tearing apart his chest, the thud as the
Irishman hit the floor was satisfying indeed.

The other brother screamed the name of his now dead twin. Spinning around
Terry executed the same with the exact ruthlessness. The poor Irish bastard
was brought down as he ran toward Terry's hulking figure, covered in sweat and
blood. His legs blew back from underneath him and there was a definite thud as
his head hit the floor and the crack as his jaw was pushed up. Terry looked at
the poor bastard with pity.

“Have a nice trip did ya.”

He laughed as he walked down the corridor. He was using muscles he hadn't used
in years and it felt damn good. Last time he was doing this it was 1970's
Rhodesia, blowing away rebels hiding away in bush land. He had been just as
good then, although it was less messy. Just one more to go he thought to
himself, he loved it when they hid, more sport for him. He looked at the
photos, littered with bullet holes. It was impressive nonetheless he thought.

  
“These are some pretty impressive guys' you know!, they all played here!, I
telll you what mate, I might not shoot you in the fucking face if you tell
me..nah I probably will, just maybe with some vynal on in the background..I'm
gonna fuckin' find you it doesn't really matter if you hide or not, I’m
getting out of this place...you better have some cash knocking around. I. Am.
Not. Leaving. With. Nothing.”

He cocked his shot gun just to make the point, he didn't know how he was going
to escape but this guy probably had a car. It was good too be back, his shoes
didn't exactly click as to bluntly doof against the carpet. Shotgun in front
of him he cautiously moved up to the door way. Suddenly and quite to his
surprise he felt a heat on the back of his neck. 'Shit' he thought to himself.
That felt like fire. Ricky must have felt it too, he came out from behind his
desk. No matter what happened before, the immediate threat of losing your life
tends to make you mutually appreciative. They looked at each other and at the
same moment uttered the same word.

“Shit”

“Shit”

“There's a way out of here right!?”

“Yeah keep your English pants on, follow me, unless you still want to shoot
the shit out of me”

“Yeah well get me out of this fucking mess and you might have a chance.”

Ricky opened up a hatch in the ceiling and then went around the room trying
desperately to save his most treasured possessions he ripped from the walls
priceless vynals as Terry watched the smoke climb up the window, quite in the
knowledge that when the fire reached the doors at the end that it would come
through that hallway like an fist in a fat whores borehole. Terry couldn't
believe it. Waving his arms in desperation. For Ricky's part he was scooping
up his whole life story. Records, medals, photos. His hands clammed up 'I bet
Elvis never had to do this' He thought somewhat bitterly. The sound of
emergency vehicles outside made him laugh he always thought it would be the
police not the ambulance. As he was rapped up in this world of his attempting
to save all his most precious moments, maybe out of some idea of loyalty or
friendship, Terry pulled his arm away. Ricky pushed him away exclaiming that
he couldn't leave his collection, opening all the draws in a vein hope at
saving all the priceless items. Pushing him against the ladder Terry forced
him up in front of him and just as he did the fire blew open the metal doors
at the end of the corridor.

Terry jumped on the ladder and crawled up it faster than he had ever climbed
before, he saw the fireball coming toward him. Slipping he braced to fall into
the fiery inferno when the ring covered hands of Ricky Six pulled him up from
the heat just as it started to lick his feet. He felt a great upheaval,
shooting up into the air partly pushed by the fireball and partly ripped up by
Ricky Spades. He lay on the concrete roof trying to breath. Terry coughed the
smoke from his lungs as Ricky inhaled his cigarette. The situation, from an
outside perspective must have looked rather ridiculous. A failed soldier and a
failing Casino King down and out on a rooftop upon a burning empire inhaling a
substance they'd only just escaped from. What a fucking joke. The only witness
to the lunacy was that sunny afternoon sun.

Far away in the Nevada desert was driving ol' Jimmy Six, power rock blasting
from his car stereo. He tapped his six fingers away, nodding his head to the
pure sweet sound. The sun beating down upon him. But so cool he was, he didn't
sweat not even one bead. He looked at his watch. Still bang on time he thought
to himself. He wouldn't want to be early, that's not how he rolled. He was a
smooth talking, hard fucking, heavy drinking gambler and tonight he'd make
himself a millionaire. He had his luck tonight he could feel it, Spade's
casino had attracted guests from all over the poker world in this one off, one
night only tournament. After all, how could he fail, Ricky had fixed the whole
thing. It was probably why Jimmy couldn't stop smiling. He congratulated
himself in avoiding the temptation of stealing the millions of dollars sat in
the brief case behind him. That was his buy in for the evening. Jimmy didn't
know whose money though, it had seemed strange at the time that Ricky would
just offload over fifty million dollars to Ricky back in Miami. Still, old
habits die hard and as a former soldier Jimmy didn't question these orders.
Even so, he hoped his boss and long time friend knew what he was doing. But
that was enough worrying Jimmy thought, he never worried, not even in Vietnam
had he worried. So he certainly wouldn't here, maybe he wouldn't be thinking
that if he knew what had just transpired but for now he was perfectly content
driving around the Nevada desert in his slick garishly coloured convertible.

Cigarette dangling from his mouth, the smoke twirling up in the air and mixing
with the dust from the sand which was blowing up all around them, a perfect
empty road. Once again, Jimmy was all full of luck, but in the murk of the
desert sand Jimmy saw something out of place. Blue lights up ahead. A crash
maybe, or a broken down vehicle. Jimmy was hardly worried and slowed down to
take a look at the problem. As he did it became clear that they were police
cars. Strewn out across the road as if they were blocking something. Jimmy
braked fast as could when he realized the road was blocked off, he wasn't
exactly going to question it, this was America after all, not some third world
country, the police here were the police and there was no need to object,
Jimmy wasn't doing anything illegal, well today anyway. The car screamed as
the peddle pushed down, Jimmy desperately wishing that it would come to a
halt. The row of cops with their aviator glasses and their brown uniforms
stood like a row of robots, the rims of their glasses reflecting the sun. The
car finally stopped the dust blowing into the face of what Jimmy thought must
be the boss. A man of immense size, standing with his hands on his belt. Chest
puffed out into the air, looking like some kind of all American hero.

“What you doin' here son?”

“Well, I’m just drivin', how about you just let me through, or point me to the
diversion.”

“What's your name boy?”

“Well firstly I’m a man not a...”

“Shut the fuck up smart ass, I asked for your frickin' name.”

“My name is Jimmi Six.”

The police officer let out a deep belly laugh and shouted his name to the
other officers, all of whom were equally disbelieving. Jimmy waited the
embarrassment out. He lifted up his shades revealing a large cut above his eye
brow. The officer leaned in right to his face and said in his long country
drawl:

“Boy I don't give a damn if you've been in 'Nam, so don't pull that shit, half
the crooks West of NYC tryn' to pull that one. It don't matter anyway because
luckily for you there's a diversion, it goes through the desert though so one
of our cars will take you down that way.”

“Sure, but what happened up there?”

“Aliens”

Jimmy furrowed his brow and a long pause followed then followed by another
huge laugh from the officer. Jimmy was getting increasingly tired of this
rubbish but luckily then the police officer signalled to one of his officers
who got in a patrol car and drove out in front of Jimmy. Jimmy was a little
weirded out by the whole situation and to reflect that he opened up the glove
box of the car to check on the revolver that was hidden in there. He smiled
after seeing it all in good condition. Finally he was going to get into Vegas,
he had been worried for a minute that he'd have to cue up or turn around
completely. Just his luck he thought, blocked off from the most important game
of his career. He was going to be all done after this, he'd always thought
he'd quite like to retire to a mansion in Hollywood hills or maybe buy a
yacht, anyway, he'd soon be long gone from this life, sunning it up in Mexico
or the Caribbean. Truth be told, he was anxious to get out of the game,
especially to get out of the situation with Ricky, that man had always been
more trouble than he was worth but they were war buddies, he could hardly turn
his back on him now, not after the amount of times he'd saved his ass. This
world was getting even more tainted by crime, it used to be just the Italians,
well they'd always said they were Italians, from what he and Ricky had seen
they were normally just morons from New York after a bit of the pie, but now
everyone wanted a piece, Colombians, Cubans even fucking inbred Irishmen,
although to be fair they'd always been there. Nope, this was it Jimmy thought,
he was getting to old for this shit. It was time to get out before he ended up
bloodied on a ball room floor or like Ricky, too jacked up on heroin to notice
the mess he'd gotten into. No thank you, after this it would be time to find a
good woman and settle down. Maybe he'd even give up the fags. He laughed at
that thought however. Maybe not quite yet he thought to himself.

The police car was snaking through the desert blowing up enough smoke for the
both of them. Jimmy’s shades barely protected against the grit of the sand and
it seemed to go on forever. Barely being able to follow the blue lights
through the desert dust. The lights suddenly stopped and Jimmy got worried,
opening up the glove box he took out his revolver making sure it was loaded he
looked up and waited for the dust to settle, his finger on the trigger waiting
for the slightest problem. He licked his lips something he always did when he
was anxious. Taking out his purple heart medal and kissing it he held his
revolver ready to go. He took off his glasses as the dust started to land on
the car. Looking around he could see the bright green cactus's first and then
the police car with it's lights switched off and from his perspective it
looked empty. He decided he'd have to go on foot. Opening the car door he put
down one leathery cowboy boot, with it's snake skin pattern and golden heels
he made his mark upon the sand. Taking his hat a large sombrero from the seat
next to him and placing it firmly on his head he put on the last piece of the
puzzle. His mirrored aviator sun glasses. There he stood standing tall as the
desert wind blew past him big cowboy boots leading up to black skin-tight
leather pants with a large golden belt and a confederacy flag emblazoned upon
the silver belt buckle.

Up to his flamboyant baggy white shirt with gold embroidery up to the collar
which lay open so that all could see down to his navel on which dangled his
purple heart medal and then upon this canvas was a purple felt suit that
dangled behind him and atop his head, was that big black cowboy hat and with
revolver in hand, money case in the other he strode forward through the desert
dust. Treading cautiously forward he had no idea whether this was the right
thing to do and his gut feeling wasn't exactly happy with it, he could feel
his hairs standing up on end. He cast an impressive figure as he walked
through the dust as if he owned the desert.

