### Murder in a Small Town by hedinsen

**Date Added:** 2015-06-30. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** What started out as a funeral for Steve Carson’s father turned into forty-five days of hell. He learns an old friend was killed, and an old girlfriend’s coffee and breakfast shop is threatened by a New York City Mob. Welcome home son. 

* * *

Murder in a Small Town

What started out as a funeral for Steve Carson’s father turned into forty-five
days of hell. He learns an old friend was killed, and an old girlfriend’s
coffee and breakfast shop is threatened by a New York City Mob. He has to deal
with a determined Mafia type, a frustrated police chief, a pissed off
prosecutor, and burned out lawyer. Welcome home son.

1.

Standing in the middle of the old farm yard that was Darryl Walker’s, an old
boyhood friend had rebuilt on his father’s old farm several years ago, I
looked over the scene of the murder with a critical eye to detail. I never
heard anything about Darryl’s murder until I got home. My mother distraught
over my father’s recent death never told me about it until after the funeral.
I had to hear about it from an old friend of my father’s, Bob “Smitty” Smith,
the chief of township police. And that was because I was sitting with him at
the breakfast counter owned by my former girlfriend and lover Maryann Foster
(nee) Dally and her late husband Rick.

The ground of the rebuilt farm buildings was all tore up. What little I knew
of police forensics any possible evidence was compromised or contaminated. And
this was supposed to be the east coast, the sophisticated method to police
work. ‘_Okay if they say so._’

The twelve head of cattle and ten head of sheep were auctioned off by the
county before I got home.

Yellow POLICE LINE tape flapped and snapped in the wind. I was intent on
studying the ground, the blood was still evident where supposedly Darryl was
killed. I looked closer then saw the casing for a nine millimeter. ‘_Somebody
is cheap if they can’t afford anything better than a nine millimeter. Hate the
damned things_.’ I always took my service .45 semi-automatic with me when I
went to the field. Caught more flack about it. I had more faith in the
stopping power of a .45 then a measly nine millimeter, just like I can’t stand
the 5.56x52 millimeter rifle. Give me a good Ruger 7.62x51 with 30 round
banana magazines and I’m set for the duration.

The flapping of the police line tape, the old crows, starlings, squawked and
chirped, the tree squirrels chattered and june bugs made their noise. The
sounds that I often associated with my childhood I ignored as I studied the
scene. If the police and nosey reporters left anything intact it was hard to
tell at that point. The sound of a car engine straining against the ground
made me look up.

“What the hell …?”

Somebody obviously didn’t know what they were doing driving cross country from
the lane that led from the main house to the barn was a hefty walk. I parked
my big black 4x4 Chevrolet Suburban near the barn. This person cuts across
country and bottoms out their car.

I stood up to see the driver, a good looking woman’s eyes round with shock as
the off-road lights on my Suburban. I started to walk over to see if she
needed help. Rather, she managed to pry the door open trying to climb out.

“What are you doing up here?” she demanded in an angry tone still trying to
get the door open. “Who gave you authorization to be here?”

I stopped a feet away from the car placed my booted foot on the old weed
infested brick foundation of the milk house. Pushed my black Stetson back
taking my buck knife out, snapping the blade open to pick at my teeth. The
woman had a shocked look on her face watching me. I said with an aggregated
Texas drawl, “Well now ma`am, two weeks ago I coulda been yer best buddy, but
well, seeing as you want ta` be such a hard case about this, I’ll be yer worse
nightmare by tomorrow morning.”

“What?” she screamed at me. “Who the hell are you and where do you get off
like that?”

I damned near laughed at her but that would have pissed her off even more and
I was fast getting tired of her high handed attitude anyway. She made a noise
deep in her throat that was a deep growl as she attempted to open the door
which was jammed.

“Damn you open!” she yelled at the door shaking it trying to get it to open.
“Just a minute, where are you going?”

I ignored her yelling and unlady like cussing. I had to, I was laughing. Not
even the women in the Army or Marines could cuss that bad.

“Lady you don’t want to know.” I walked back to my truck which pissed her off
even more.

“I’m calling the police.” She yelled as if that would do any good pulling out
her cell phone.

“When you do say hi to Chief Bob Smith for me.”

She stopped in the middle of dialing 9-1-1. “Smith? Bob Smith, You know Bob
Smith Chief of Police for Hazelwood Township?”

I think the name dropping suddenly made her think. I don’t think she was a
stranger to the name of Carson. I was the proverbial prodigal son of the three
siblings.

I stopped at the truck not paying any attention to her which was getting her
even more pissed at me.

“Wait a minute!” she yelled waving at me. “Hoa!” Then looking like Bo Duke on
‘Dukes of Hazard”. She fought her way out of the car attempting to climb out
the open window she tore the seat of her slacks. Her face went from mad to
surprised to a deep shade of pink with embarrassment. I had to look away to
keep from laughing.

Still furious at me she tied her suit jacket around her waist. Rushing through
the dried grass and weeds to me as I pulled the door open I looked over my
shoulder at her coldly with a fifty mile stare that could have chilled a
bottle of beer. I think that’s when she noticed the Colorado plates and the
Fort Carson post sticker on the truck.

“Wait, you aren’t Steve Carson are you?”

2.

Funerals were not one of my better past times, I had better things to do then
stand around a funeral home and look like I knew what I was doing. I was
living off-Post in Colorado Springs, Colorado stationed at Fort Carson and
looking forward to getting west of the Mississippi again and staying there. I
had not been west of the Mississippi since 1982. And now, 2010 I was forced –
the way I saw it, to come east. My father was in the hospital, I was gassing
up my monster Suburban in Easton when Dad passed away. Today was the funeral.
I felt about as out of place as a square peg sticking out of a round hole.

My problems started on a Friday close to six-thirty. I was in a sour mood when
I got home from Post the phone rang it did not help my disposition any.

I grabbed up the receiver: “Sergeant Carson speaking …”

“_Steven _…?”

It was my mother’s voice.

“Yeah, Mom…?”

“_It’s your father, he’s in the hospital extremely sick_ …”

My mood changed in less than a couple seconds. All I could muster was: “Oh.”

There was a sudden knocking at the door. Grumbling I set the phone down opened
it to a woman in a light blue uniform. “Mr. Carson?”

“Sergeant First Class Carson, yes?”

“Sorry. Amy Howell from Red Cross.”

Later the First Sergeant looked at my LES (Leave and Earning Statement) to see
I’d handily racked up forty-five plus days of leave. The First Sergeant said,
“Use it or lose it. Take Forty-five days leave. You’re a mental case. See ya
when ya get back.”

I was unceremoniously pointed to the door.

I had not been east of the Mississippi since the summer of 1982. The last time
I saw anyone was my brother Keith at Fort Knox, Kentucky at the NCOES (Non-
Commissioned Officer Extension Course) for Armor he was two classes behind me.

2.

The day of the viewing and funeral which was the day after I arrived home an
unexpected soft satin smooth hand touched mine. I looked down to see a dark
haired brown eyed petite woman standing beside me, Elaine the only cousin I
bothered to talk to. The other cousins I had developed a nodding relationship.
“How are you holding up, cuz?” She asked in a low voice.

I found my voice. “Not bad.”

We hugged and kissed. I was glad to see Elaine, she was the only anchor I had
out of the whole family. She said in a quiet voice, “You need to say more than
‘hi’ to the rest of the family.”

I replied looking around the room holding on to her as people filed in
stopping in front of the casket then taking a seat. “I would if I knew who I
was saying hi to. I’ve seen friendlier looking firing squads at Fort
Leavenworth.”

“Take it easy,” said Elaine holding my hand giving it a slight squeeze. “Try
to smile at them at least.”

“Who? You and your parents are the only ones here I know.”

She slipped a business card in my hand with a date and time to see her. “A lot
has happened since you’ve been gone, Steve. I think we need to talk.”

“I’ll be there,” I said softly slipping the card into a pocket.

Elaine tucked a lock of her dark hair back. “I know you will.”

The funeral director nodded to me and Elaine. Mom wanted service during the
viewing time. It was time to begin. Keith and our sister Lindsey in uniform
too were already sitting down beside Mom, Elaine and I beside her, the
minister stepped to the podium to begin the service.

Six o’clock in the next morning the mid-weekday morning rush was on. The door
to the Gibson Town General Store was opened and closed several times for
customers entering and leaving some wanting a quick cup of coffee and maybe a
donut or pastry to go. They had the commuter train into Jersey City and New
York City to catch. Some people may order a whole breakfast, those were the
ones who worked in the area and had time to sit and read the New York or a
Philadelphia newspaper before heading off to work.

When I opened the door a middle aged woman was leaning over the stacks of
newspapers and magazine rack straightening them up. As I entered the coolness
of the store, the smell of breakfast assailed my senses, eggs, bacon, toast,
pancakes, biscuits and gravy brought back ancient memories of a time that was
long past. The place smelled better than the mess hall. I was the ‘stranger in
a strange land’ in what used to be my hometown. The prodigal son comes home
but does he fit in?

Glancing to her right the woman was looking at my highly shined pair of Army
Cochran boots. The grey-green pants creased razor sharp. Taking the black
beret off I leaned down for a newspaper our eyes met. Years suddenly fell
away, our teen years came back like the rerun of an old TV show. Neither of us
could help but stare at each other for a second. The woman felt her breath
taken away; I was puzzled. I should remember this woman. After all I once
swore as I left for the Army I would never forget her, nor she forget me. She
cried as the Greyhound took me north to Newark and the Induction Center.

“Steve?” She said in a soft voice. “Steve Carson?”

Straightening up I looked at the woman momentarily puzzled anyone would
remember me. I glanced down at the name tag on my gray-green dress uniform
jacket then returned my eyes to the woman.

“Excuse me?” Our eyes held each other for those few minutes I was still
puzzled that I should remember her name nineteen years later.

“Maryann Dally. High School? Rosedale Central? Well yes, Dally was my maiden
name, now its Foster.”

“Oh…” There was not much I could say to that as I was left speechless.

Maryann moved behind the counter again. “Coffee? I know you guys like coffee.”

Sitting at the counter I opened the paper. As far as I was concerned what they
had in the paper was nothing compared to what I’d seen and done the year and a
half I was in and out of Iraq and Afghanistan. And I was still scheduled to go
back the end of the month for a two or three month mission. Yeah they had
journalists embedded with some outfits, I know my last tour there I had to put
up with the clowns. They were more dangerous to themselves then the Taliban
and Al-Qaida put together. Respect for them: None.

“Thanks. And just black.” I looked up meeting Maryann’s weary smile. “Black as
the slate boards when we were in school.”

“You do remember.”

“Now like it was yesterday.” I looked up smiling at her. “Talk to you when you
have a chance.”

I could not help but glance at her left hand. Yes she was wearing a ring and
married probably a jealous husband. I went back to reading the newspaper
ignoring stares from customers having never seen me in there before, much less
someone in uniform.

She poured the coffee. “What else, Steve?”

“Full breakfast. Creamed beef and biscuits?”

“Bobby can make it up.”

“And add home fried potatoes with four eggs sunny side up on top and sausage
all on one plate, please.”

Maryann raised a brow as she passed the order back to the short order cook.
“Big breakfast.”

“That’s nothing. Ask my favorite waitress at the IHOP in Colorado Springs
about what I normally eat on the weekend.” I let the coffee cool Maryann
passed the receipt in through the serving window.

“Order Bobby!”

“Right Mom.”

I looked up with mild surprise. “Mom?”

I just could not picture Maryann as “Mom” she just did not fit the image. At
least to me it didn’t. Maryann moved on to her regular customers along the
counter. The door opened again another customer entered taking another stool.
The man glanced toward me then seemed to do a double take.

“Steve?” he asked.

I looked over to the other then I realized who was sitting next to me.

“Smitty?”

Maryann grinned as she poured Chief Bob Smith a cup of coffee. “That’s getting
to be a popular question around here.”

We shook hands.

“Home for long?”

Folding the paper to an article I wanted to read later, I said, “`Til next
month. The First Sergeant

said I had forty-five days leave, use it or lose it. That’s the nice thing I
don’t have to be back to duty until next month – nothing to do but figure out
what civilians do for a living.”

Six o’clock in the morning the weekday morning rush was on. The door to the
Gibson General Store was opened and closed several times for customers
entering and leaving some wanting a quick cup of coffee and maybe a donut or
pastry to go. They had the commuter train into Jersey City and New York City
to catch. Some people would order a whole breakfast, those were the ones who
worked in the area and had time to sit and read the New York or a Philadelphia
newspaper before heading off to work[HED1] .

“Keith and Lindsey going to be here?”

“They’re here, just ahead of me by a day. They came in by way of Chicago’s
O’Hare. Keith is in from Fort Riley and she’s came up from Fort Polk. They
came in to Philly the other night just a couple days before the viewing.
They’ll be here just for the funeral than back to duty. They both told me –
talked to them via cell phone on my way here Keith has a field problem to get
back to by next week. And Lindsey has the dreaded AGI to look forward to next
week. Forget the reading of the will, they don’t have time for it –so that
leaves big brother to handle the rest of this. And I – the First Sergeant said
I have forty five days to burn – use it or lose it.”

Smitty glanced at the tabs on Steve’s right shoulder, Ranger and Air Assault
one over the other. He wasn’t familiar with military insignia and had only
seen me in uniform one other time sans all the decorations.

Maryann moved back up the counter with my order I asked, “So how’s your
husband?”

Smitty grit his teeth, Maryann was quiet a second then said, “He – he passed
away a year ago.”

She moved back along the counter leaving me with uncomfortable feeling I stuck
my foot in my mouth. Smitty leaned toward me, I was feeling embarrassed and at
a loss for words. “Come on up to the Township Building and I’ll tell ya the
rest of the story.”

Breakfast was finished in silence, Smitty was the first to leave.

Thinking a minute, I looked around at the old store that went back to the
1870’s at least. I finally got Maryann’s attention. She moved back up the
counter. I pulled the money from my pocket. I always had a soft spot for her
and women especially. Pressing the money into her hand I leaned over to kiss
her and turned to leave.

3.

Pulling in the parking area of the Hazelwood Township building I parked my big
old Suburban between two Township police cars. I stepped inside the cool
interior of the police station stopping at the front desk that was like
walking into a glass booth. The desk sergeant looked at me in uniform
surprised.

An audio devise clicked on. “Yes, may I help you …?”

“Sergeant First Class Steven Carson to see Chief Robert Smith.”

“Yes. Um …Yeah certainly.”

I suppose he didn’t know what to make of the uniform and somebody from the
service calling on Bob Smith. A minute later Bob came out opened the door for
me and I entered. The police on duty looked at me wondering what this was all
about.

I sat down, Bob leaned on his desk gazing at me across the clutter. “To put it
plainly, Steve this is not the town you left fifteen years ago. You haven’t
been back since – what, seventy-two?”

“Eighty-two.”

“Anyway a lot has changed since then – and not necessarily for the better
either. Maryann still thinks it was just a random drive by shooting that her
husband was killed.”

“It wasn’t.”

Bob shook his head. “No. It was planned. A Real Estate mogul out of New York
wants to open a convenience store there. Tear the old general store down and
build an ultra-modern one – in the middle of town no less. He wanted the
Fosters evicted so he could get the land. I said no but hell no.”

“Murdering her husband was his answer to the problem.” The MO was a familiar
one of the mobs’, their favorite.

“Yes. He set one of his least important people up as the fall guy who I
arrested.”

“Gee, nice boss. And Darryl, I understand is dead. Mom told me yesterday.”

“Same way. That was easy to figure out but apparently he got some smarts after
the last incident with the General Store he’s lying low on this one. I figured
out what his game is. He wants Darryl’s land to build luxury homes up there.
And your Mom’s place too. Darryl was of the same opinion I was. ‘No but hell
no’ on the condos or luxury homes idea.

“So what is the town council doing about this? By the way, who is this ass
hole anyway?”

“Nothing. A mobster by the name of Billy Jo De Martino. And the County? Just
sitting on their fat asses. Wouldn’t doubt taking bribes too while they’re at
it.”

That gave me something to think about. “I gotta see my cousin this morning
before the funeral. I’ll talk to her.”

“No heroics and none of the commando stuff either. And I’ll be at the funeral
this afternoon.”

“Gee Bob, you just spoiled all my fun.”

3.

By the time I’d made my rounds of the funeral home and cemetery I killed two
hours before I had to be to Elaine’s office. One of the stops I had to make
was to the cemetery. I parked my big old rig and walked to the plot but I was
interested in a certain site which was not far away. A cement bench set close
to the grave site. I sat down staring at the head stone. I asked myself a
popular question, _how many wars does it take before there has been one too
many; how many deaths before there has been too many; how many lives must one
live before living too many?_

I pulled out Elaine’s business card, checked the address and walked over to
her office which fortunately was not that far from the newspaper office where
I had to post some legal paper work there about Dad’s passing to be published
three times for the next two weeks. The obituary would be taken care of by the
funeral home.

I first stopped at a telephone kiosk to have the area code changed on my cell
phone which I hadn’t done yet; I dropped fifty cents in to the telephone
change box and called a special number for my cellphone service to change the
area code from 719 to 908. Then I called Mom but Lindsey answered the phone.

“_Where are you?”_ Lindsey demanded sounding just like Mom. For a moment I
could not tell who I was taking to, Lindsey or Mom.

“Lindsey?” I said surprised at the response. “I’m in Rosedale finishing up
preparations for this afternoon.”

_“Well Mom’s wondering where you are.”_

“I’m stopping by Elaine’s office. She wants to talk to me.”

“_Alright – make it quick.”_

Mom’s daughter all the way around. Always was. She gave Keith and me more
problems and arguments as kids growing up. I felt sorry for the poor guy she
corralled. That done I walked over to Elaine’s office. I still couldn’t
believe my favorite cousin was a lawyer. Her office was in what was once a
Victorian era house on South Main Street near the Borough Library.

I walked in to the office on the second floor, a converted suite of offices
and was promptly greeted by a cute young paralegal.

“Yes, sir?” she asked as I stopped by her desk.

“Miss or Ms. Carson, please – I’m her cousin, Steve.”

“Oh, yes.” She stabbed at a speaker phone. “Ms. Carson, your cousin is here.”
She turned back to me: “She’ll be with you in a moment, sir.”

While I waited I looked over the huge rows of legal books. I paced around the
front room for a moment looking the office over when the door opened. Elaine
was the image of the successful female lawyer in a black silk woman’s suit,
black pumps, her hair looked as if she had just stepped out of the beauty shop
a half hour ago.

“Steve, you’re early,” she said as I walked into her office, pausing to give
her a kiss. That’s one part that never changed between us.

Elaine closed the door as I turned three-sixty looking her office over. “Yes.
Nice place, Elaine.” I turned back to her holding my beret as she gestured to
the chair. “It was either this or sit down by the Post Office and feed the
pigeons for an hour.”

“Always the sarcastic one.” She sat looking up at me twisting a pen in her
fingers.

“That’s Keith.” I said sitting in front of her desk then asked, “How about
lunch?”

She held up parts of a legal document. “This is lunch. And a sandwich and soy
milk.”

I made a face. “Take a break. Talk cousin talk and family business.”

“Yes, we do have that to cover before the funeral.” She sat back pushing the
documents aside. Elaine looked me square in the eye. I felt like I was the one
suddenly on trial. “You know Uncle Steve disinherited you?”

“I heard something about it from Keith a couple years ago.” I could have cared
less at that point.

“According to your mother you and Uncle Steve had a feud going on.”

“_We did?_” I replied: “Okay, if she says so. If I recall – a big if here – I
stayed in the Army after my first three years and never returned east – of the
Mississippi. I didn’t feel up to the drive and beside, the dummies when I was
at Fort Hood thought I was supposed to fly out of Whitman Air Force Base,
Missouri to go to Korea. I had a surprise for them. I went to San Francisco
and flew out of Travis instead. C141 going to Japan by way of Guam. I still
got there with days to spare.”

Elaine tossed the pen on to the desk. She said leaning on the desk: “You know
who the executioner of the will is then?”

“Definitely not Keith. Besides, he has to be back to Fort Riley day after the
funeral today anyway and Lindsey back to Fort Polk for the AGI week after
next.”

Elaine shook her head. “No. Bad enough I did Keith’s second and third divorce.
Guy didn’t know when to quit. And Lindsey is smart, no attachments. Me.”

“Why am I not surprised?” I grinned then said: “Still want to go to lunch?
Besides the funeral starts at fourteen hundred …”

“Fourteen hundred?”

“Military or European for two o’clock.”

Elaine looked back at me, said with a sigh: “Yeah, let’s go. I need to get out
of here for a while anyway.”

“Anything special?” I asked as I stood.

She shook her head again as I quickly stepped around the desk to help her
stand up. “Come on, cuz take a break. It’s not every day we get to talk like
this.”

Elaine smiled as I led her from the office telling her paralegal we’d be out
for a while.

We stood outside in front of the converted house. “Where to?” I asked.

She shrugged slipping a hand through my arm. Despite the years we still held
something for each other. “Oh yeah, you haven’t been around with all the
changes?”

“No. Not since eighty-two. I seem to recall the Spread Eagle Restaurant at
Turn Table Junction.”

“Ryan’s Inn now.”

“Client’s this afternoon?”

She shook her head, her long loose hair swishing back and forth. “No because
of the funeral I had to push them back two days.”

We started across the street passing the converted old Jersey Central railroad
station that was now a bank. Not bad, they did a good job restoring the
building. The Black River & Western Railroad had a pair of diesels parked just
up the track near the old freight station.

“No. Most of them I try to do in the morning and leave the afternoon open for
the paper work.”

Walking past the bank along Railroad Avenue she held my arm tight laying her
head against my

arm. We slowly walked shoulder to shoulder.

I glanced down at her then ahead again. We were silent for a moment I said in
a faraway voice, “You know what this reminds me of?”

She made a sound of, “Mmm, I don’t know. What?”

“When we were kids. Actually I was in high school, Junior, and you were in –
what, last year of Junior high.”

She smiled a bit but let it fad. “Oh yes. How time flies.”

“We were each other’s confident.”

“There were no secrets between us,” she mused, then said, “How could I
forget?”

“You were the sister I never had at the time.”

“And you were the big brother I never had.” Gripping my arm she asked, almost
a rhetorical question, “What happen to us, Steve? I mean you stayed out west,
me I’m stuck here.”

“You don’t have to be. You can pack up and move, transfer your bar license to
Colorado.”

“Suppose I don’t want to?”

“What move or transfer your bar license?”

“Both.”

“Like waiting on tables?”

“No.” She tapped my hip with hers. “I did that when I was in college.”

We stopped for a moment to look in one of the jewelry shops we were near.

On impulse I boldly asked, “What do you want?”

“Huh?” She looked at me astounded. “But…?”

I held her hand said quietly: “Who do I have to spoil? I’m basically by
myself.”

She looked me in the eye. “I know. Your mother said …”

“Ah, come on.” I almost dragged her into the store.

We looked the selection over she decided on a necklace and earring and
bracelet set. I quickly laid my gold card down.

“Steve ...” She started to protest.

I grinned and kissed her on the forehead. “You deserve it.”

She looked at me as the clerk quickly rang up the purchase and I signed my
life away. The set took a chunk out of my card but I reasoned: what the heck.
The love of my life was gone a year now and I had only one cousin I even cared
about anyway. The rest I have not seen or heard from since I joined the Army.

Elaine flung herself into to my arms.

“Thank you, cuz,” she said with tears in her eyes.

We kissed, the clerk blushed, then I took the necklace off she was wearing and
placed the new one on her, then the bracelet and changed earrings. The clerk
placed the other set in the box.

“Come on, you can show them off at the restaurant – and the snooty cousins we
have.”

She frowned at me. I soon discovered she had even less opinion of them then I
did. We walked arm in arm to the restaurant. Helen was thrilled with the gift.
At least someone was happy that day.

Arriving at the restaurant we were quickly seated. Elaine spun the bracelet
around her wrist then fingered the necklace. The waitresses looked at me with
admiration. I could sense they were comparing notes on us.

We small talked for a few moments, looking the menu over before finally making
our choices then set the menus aside.

“Look, cuz,” she began, folding her hands looking me straight in the eye. “All
kidding aside, you’re basically odd man out in the family.”

She put on her court room persona again. We met serious gazes across the
table. I said in an equally serious tone, “Can I level with you, cuz?”

Elaine met my steady gaze: “I’m a lawyer. Sure.”

“I really did not want to come out here but – well, Mom insisted she needed
me. And besides, I have forty-five days of leave built up the First Sergeant
said, ‘use it or lose it’. So I using it.”

Elaine glanced down at the table then lifted her eyes back to mine: “Want to
hear something from my point of view?”

“I’m a platoon sergeant, you’d be surprised what I hear in confidence. Sure.”

“I can imagine in the Army. I really didn’t want to be executioner of the
estate.”

“But Dad twisted your arm?”

She nodded sadly. “Family and all that.”

The waitress finally came over to the table to take our order then I added:
“So who’s the alternate?”

She looked down at the table drew in a breath lifting her eyes to mine again:
“Guess who?”

My mind did somersaults on that one. I said in a low disbelieving tone: “Nah.”

She nodded again. “Yup, your brother.”

“He’s in Kansas, 1st of the 63rd Armor headed to the field for two weeks, and
about as interested as I am.”

“Sad but true. That’s why your mother wants you to handle everything. And I
have too much work right now to do a decent job of it.”

I sat back to think then said: “I have three and a half weeks left. Spent the
first four days on the road. The First Sergeant and CO kissed me good-bye and
told me to use it. Actually I have a month built up. Ha. Some leave…”

She looked at me smiling: “Your Mom said you studied paralegal work for a
while. What happened?”

I grinned and toyed with the fork and knife for a minute then replied: “Duty,
deployments, and lack of time to put into studying. I lacked six semester hour
of completion.”

“That will do it.” She took a drink of her ice tea looking at me over the rim
of the glass. But something was on her mind, she suddenly seemed nervous,
fidgeting with the silverware then her glass. This was not the sign of a
seasoned lawyer and I know Elaine this would not have been her style.

“Steve, I – I should have told you this earlier at the office, you know Darryl
is dead.”

“I know Smitty and Mom told me.” Our meals finally arrived.

She said: “So you know.”

“Like finding out your best friend just bought the farm on patrol.”

Lifting her eyes to study my expression. I know it was hard for her to
comprehend my cool façade, which was my way of hiding the grief of things
lost. Combat teaches you a lot in a short space of time.

Elaine changed the subject back to the will but my mind was still on Darryl
and what Smitty told me. ‘_What was that classic Bible verse? Vengeance shall
be mine, sayeth the Lord’_?

We finally came to the conclusion to keep the situation as prescribed by the
will and probate law. The executioner would still be her, but so she could
keep up with her job and her paralegal from wasting time, I could do all the
leg work in her name. Nice idea.

I headed home after walking her back to her office. Behind closed doors, I
gave her a kiss. The kiss caught her off guard but she smiled and gave me a
sisterly kiss.

“Tomorrow,” I said and stepped out through the outer office past her grinning
paralegal.

4.

Nothing like having someone get in your face first thing in the morning.
Reminded me of basic training and the DI’s. Those were the good old days. The
wimps today would be crying on Mommy and Daddy’s shoulder about the cruel DI.
How did I ever survive basic, but that taught me to be a survivor.

The young female attorney, Beverley Savage backed up a step. “You’re one of
the Carson kids.”

“Bigger then Stuttgart. Now what’s your problem?”

“What are you doing up here. This is a crime scene and is supposed to be off-
limits.”

“That’s the key phrase – ‘crime scene’ come here.”

Beverly followed me back over to the taped off area. I walked under the tape
looked at the ground then spotted the casings. Using a piece of straw I picked
the casings up holding them out to her.

“Whoever your forensic doctor is needs to go back to school and learn what
he’s supposed to be doing for a living.” Using straws I held the casings up
with straws then scanned the ground again. Something glinted in the sun light.
Pulling a handkerchief out I carefully picked the object up by the retractor.
“A retractable ink pen. Wonder whose?”

“You want a job?” Beverly asked me her mood changed from pissed as hell at me
to pissed as hell at the County.

“That’d be nice but I got three years and a wake-up left on this enlistment.”
We walked back to the truck where I found a couple plastic bags from my
sandwiches for the trip. “Don’t worry the bags are clean. Didn’t have the
sandwiches in them long enough to matter. I ate the sandwiches on the fly
between Colorado Springs and Limon and didn’t need anything to eat until I got
home.”

I handed her the bags. “Have fun.”

“What about my car?” she asked scared that she would find herself stranded.

I started to climb back in the truck looking at her car stuck in the milk
house foundation. I wanted to tell her, ‘_Lady you have a problem. Get a tow
truck._’ but I didn’t. Of course my other question was, ‘_Got a cell phone?_’
Sighing I got out to walk over to the car. Kneeling I cleared some of the
dried grass and weeds away from the car then shone my Mini-Mag flash light
under the chassis. I went to the other side looked under the car.

Sitting, lifting my Ray Bans my back against the car I said, “How good is your
credit?”

Beverly frowned at me a puzzled look. “Why? Can’t get the car out of that
hole?”

Standing I shook my head grinning trying not to laugh. “That’s not the
problem, ma`am. You need a whole new car. You screwed up the under carriage
and transaxle.”

She looked at me aghast. “That car is less than a year old!”

I pulled out my cell phone and some file cards and a pen. “Key word – was.” I
dialed 4-1-1 for information. The operator gave me a couple different numbers.
I think Beverly and I buried the hatchet that morning. I guess she figured for
me being a smart ass, I was safe to be alone with and not such a bad guy after
all.

“…An hour?” I asked the guy from the recovery company.

“_That’s the soonest I can be there, sir,_” the guy replied.

The upshot of it was, Bev left the keys in the car, emptied her stuff into my
truck. She had no choice but to ride with me, or walk. I opened the passenger
side for her. She looked at the height past the grass and weeds and how high
she’d have to step up to get in.

Finally I said, “Hold on Bev.” Grasped her about the waist, she let out a yelp
as I boosted her into the truck.

“Do you do that with all the girls you help?” she asked getting her breath
back.

“Only the ones that need help getting in.”

“Let’s go.”

Beverly was smiling as we left the Walker property behind. She called her
paralegal she’d be late getting to the office we were stopping at the police
station first to turn in some new evidence.

A short time later we arrived at the Township building and Police Station, the
desk officer was surprised to see us together. He let us in Smitty stepped out
of his office when he heard us.

I said holding up the two plastic bags, the 9 millimeter casings and ball
point pen, “How good is your forensics doctor, Smitty?”

The other officers were surprised when I handed over the two bags to Smitty.

“Okay. Why?” He looked at the two bags I was holding. “Oh?”

“He needs to go back to school and take evidence gathering 101 over again. He
must have been sleeping through that class.”

I know he was wondering what I was doing with Beverly Savage, the Township
Attorney.

“Oh by the way, Smitty her car is sitting in the milk house foundation –
wreaked.”

Smitty was surprised looking at Beverly. “What happened Bev?”

Beverly looked from Smitty back to me embarrassed.

I said, “You want to tell the Chief about your little escapade or me?”

“I will,” she said annoyed at me. Seems she didn’t want me embellishing on the
story. Wonder why. “I drove across that open area in front of the barn on the
Walker property and drove into the old milk house foundation. It was hidden by
the tall grass and weeds.”

I know Smitty wanted to ask what she was doing out there with a car. He looked
at me, I shrugged. “She was driving not me, I know better.”

Beverly scowled at me giving me the evil eye. Smitty signaled one of his
officers to take the report, single vehicle accident on private property.
Easy.

We arrived at her office, an hour later a converted Victorian house from the
1880’s where a doctor’s office, and CPA, and her office were located. We
carried her things in to her office her paralegal suppressing a grin.

“Now I have to call my insurance agent – god this is maddening. A wasted day.”

I wanted to say something but didn’t. Too dangerous. The lady had no sense of
humor at that point. I figured I’d better get out of there before I got
involved in something else. I said good-bye and left.

5.

Mom was puttering around the house while I sat under the old maple thinking.
Things – this case or situation still was not adding up in my mind. The one
focus I could get a handle on was some small time hood by the name of Billy Jo
De Martino out of New York.

Think like the enemy. What would the enemy do first? I gave it some serious
thought. This guy wants the store serious enough for his own purposes.
Thinking the way the enemy thinks: store + money = the store for a money
laundering operation – a housing development for a drug operation. Together
they would makes sense.

‘_I wonder? Smitty never did give me a date on Maryann’s husband getting
murdered. But, seems its time this Billy Jo character tried something and
Maryann’s place would be the logical place to start.’_

_The internet._

I ran up to the room to get my laptop. Then I realized Mom didn’t have either
an ether net connection or Wi-Fi hotspot; nothing remotely digital.

“Hey Mom, how do you survive without an ether net or digital connection?”

“I cannot afford it and I have no use for that stuff,” she called from down
the hall in another room.

Cussing her stubbornness and 1950’s attitude I dug out my Wi-Fi hookups and
hooked up the cell phone.

Crossed my fingers and signed on to the net. I let out a heavy sigh when the
splash screen appeared. Within a few minutes of dinking around with the
homepage I signed into Google to look up Billy Jo De Martino - _NYC Mobster,
small time Mafia type, real estate magnate, land development between New York,
Connecticut, New Jersey and parts of Pennsylvania…Been in and out of jail
_(his jail cell has a revolving door on it)_ Connections with Mafioso in Italy
and Sicily … _The rest was of no immediate interest to me._ _

As they say you can find anything on the internet, just open your eyes and
look.

Mom looked in on me as I studied the two pages of information on Billy Jo.
None of it good, none of it promising.

“How did you connect to the internet?”

Tapping the cell phone and cables I said, “Cell phone. Dial up service.”

Glancing up at her I saw she raised her brows in amazement at the idea.

“What are you looking for anyway you need to connect to the internet? You
can’t just go to the

library?”

Still staring at the screen, I shook my head. “No not this you can’t. Mention
the Mafia to that bunch old school marmes and they’ll go to pieces.”

“What do you need to know about the Mafia for?” The pitch of her voice rose a
notch.

I looked at Mom as if she were a kid asking a dumb question. “They’re putting
pressure on Maryann to sell the store to put a modern convenience store in
there. Maryann and her late husband put too much work into that store to lose
it to these fools. An d as far as I’m concerned I told her ‘no but hell no’
she’s not selling. Not if I can help it.”

Following supper and Mom going to bed early I waited a moment before going up
stairs to change. Why I brought along a set of temperate zone BDU’s and few
other things, I’ll never know. I took the E7 rank off, put the boots on down
stairs, had a poncho in the back of the truck I could use for cover. I arrived
in town when Maryann locked up for the night.

She was driving away when I pulled in, no traffic, no cops in sight – thank
god. Unusual. I pulled around to the back parked in the shadows under a tree
facing out. Threw a tarp across the windshield to cover the glass. Suburban’s,
even though I own one, are miniature greenhouses on wheels – lots of glass to
deal with.

Looking the area over I picked a location where I could cover at least three
sides of the building. I had to hope they were the lazy kind and would use the
avenue of least resistance, the driveway to the back of the building and no
witnesses. Another problem I had no weapon – New Jersey is paranoid of weapons
– anything that can be used as a weapon – to include pen knives! But being the
Mob (with a capital M) they’d have weapons whether New Jersey liked it or not.
I chose an area where I could cover the building, but I needed weapons, I saw
the broom and mop by the back door. Idea! I would owe Maryann a broom and mop
tomorrow.

Broke the heads off making two nice staffs or spears. I pulled on a black ski
mask, the same type our unit used on hit and run operations. I pulled on a
pair of black leather gloves and got myself under the poncho to wait. Two
hours passed before I heard the shuffling of feet in the gravel and voices.

‘_Yup, can tell these guys were never in the Army – or Marines. Big feet and
fat mouths._’

Two men appeared around the corner with a can of gas and hand full of rags.

“Nope nothing,” one said to the other setting a can of gas down. The other had
a couple old rags. “Gimme the rags.”

I let them get started then carefully stood the poncho falling away I threw
the handles like I threw knives. The handles hit them in the back stunning
them. I followed through hitting them on the fly. One started to draw a gun.
That was his next mistake. I hit him with a flying leap slamming him back into
the wall the gun flying through a side window with a crash of glass. The other
guy was drawing his gun as I came around on him in a roundhouse kick slamming
him back in to the empty bread racks. His gun sailed over his head behind the
jumble of racks. The racks went over with a crash, metal on metal. The other
guy was picking himself up as I came around on the rebound putting my foot in
his face knocking his head back against the wall. The other one was untangling
himself from the bread racks I grabbed him putting his head into the wall.
Both were stunned and neither knew what hit them.

I picked them up by the collar and belt tossing them into the driveway. The
can of gas was knocked over in the melee spilling gas over the porch and down
between the boards into the dirt.

“Shit!” The odor of the gas was strong. I don’t think anybody was bothering to
smoke anyway. I managed to set the can up with my foot without touching it
with my hands even with the gloves on.

One was trying to get up. I put my foot in his back shoving him to the ground.
“ON THE GROUND SPREAD EAGLE ASS HOLE! FRONT LEANING REST POSITION – GIMME
FIFTY PUSH-UPS PRIVATE! YOU THINK YOU’RE SO GREAT, PRIVATE NOW PROVE IT! START
PUMPING `EM OUT!”

They tried looking at me through the blood on their faces but I still had the
ski mask on. They must have thought they’d joined the Army or Marines that
night. I talked to them like they were a couple privates.

I dialed 9-1-1. An operator came on. “_9-1-1, is this an emergency?_”

“Yeah you might call it that.” I replied with a bit of sarcasm. “It would be
nice of you to send the police and paramedics to rescue these two would be
arsonist from me who are bleeding all over Maryann Foster’s back driveway
making a mess of it. They tried to set a gasoline fire to burn the store down,
Gibson General Store on the Main Street of Gibson.”

“_Is anyone hurt?”_

I laughed. “Yeah, these two idiots I dismantled. The paramedics will probably
waste a couple good Band-Aids on them. No, other than that just scuffed my
boots is all. Does that count?”

I think the operator wanted to say no but didn’t. “_Is there a fire?_”

“Nope. Now call Maryann Foster, owner of the Gibson General Store and tell her
to get over here fast. I‘ll give her an after action report when she gets
here. NOW DO IT!”

I know I lost the operator on the last part but I really didn’t care. I was
still too pumped up from taking these two fools apart.

A few minutes later, everybody but the National Guard showed up in the back
alley. When the police showed up I was leaning against the porch railing with
my foot on one of the guy’s back holding him to the ground.

“I guess you guys are here to take charge of these idiots, huh?”

Where Smitty came from I don’t know. But he was surprised to see me in the
BDU’s with my foot in the one guy’s back.

I pulled a pair of nylon tie-stays from my pocket left from our last training
exercise. I pulled their hands behind their backs and zipped the stays on.
“All yours guys.”

The police were surprised I had the two on the ground. Smitty wasn’t.

Smitty walked up to me. “I would remind you about no heroics or that commando
stuff. You did a helluva job here tonight.”

“Yes but I don’t think this will end here, Smitty. This will only set Billy Jo
back a couple days. He’s the type that’s determined to have things his own
way.”

Maryann followed by her kids, Bobby and two girls rushed up the driveway,
tears of fear running down her face. I reached out grabbing her, pulling her
to me.

“Easy, hone. Nothing happened. I stopped them before they did do anything.” I
held her close as she sobbed burying her face against my chest, I ran my hand
through her soft dark hair soothing her like a frightened child. Maryann cried
into my chest. The kids gathered around us, the boy comforting his mother.

“What did they do?” Bobby asked looking at the area where the gas was spilled.
The firemen tearing up the porch to get to the gas that spilled on the ground
underneath. “You did that? Beat them up?”

Maryann wiped at the tears watching one of the firemen toss the boards aside
as they began shoveling the gas contaminated dirt into Hazmat bags.

“Yes. Tried to burn the store. I had a hunch they’d try something like that.
I’ll get the lumber and paint tomorrow and fix the porch for you.”

I caught the look of fascination in his eyes as he regarded me. The boy only
knew at one time his mother and I were romantically involved until I joined
the Army.

Maryann looked up at me wiping at the tears. “You don’t have to do that, Steve
I can get someone to do it.”

“And pay a fortune? No way. Besides, I owe you one.”

She looked at me with a bewildered expression. “Since when?”

“1990.”

“What happened in 1990?” Maryann was still bothered by my elusive answers.

Now I had the police and paramedics curious as to what happened between us in
1990.

“That stupid letter I sent you from AIT about us getting together – alone on
my leave.”

Her face showed amazement. “You remembered that?”

“All these years”

I was holding Maryann close, she was still crying, my chin resting on her
head, suddenly three flashes went off in our faces, newspaper photographers.

6.

Later that morning Bobby showed me where the Huston Lumber Supply and Home
Improvement Center was off Gaston Road west past Interstate 278.

“This place is still here?” I said pulling in to the lot.

“As long I can remember, sir – I mean, Sergeant.”

“Man this is going to bring back some memories.”

Of course I got all kinds of strange looks like, especially when they noticed
the license plates. ‘You lost?’ ‘Colorado? Kinda far from home ain’t ya, bud?’
and ‘Army?’

The clerk was staring at me as I walked up to the counter – still in the
BDU’s. The yard was still the same as I remembered it. The interior of Huston
Lumber’s store seemed to go back in to forever. Overhead florescent fixtures
hung down from the open ceiling. A mixture of odors filled the store’s
interior: paint, lacquers, rubber, wood, metals. We paused by the front
counter I looked around still amazed the lumberyard was still the same after
forty-seven years.

A few other customers stared over the tops of shelves of tools and other
hardware at me. I guess they don’t get too many military people around here
these days.

I gave the clerk the file card with the number of boards, measurements and
hardware plus paint to repaint the deck – plus new mop and broom. The other
biggie – the glass that was broken when the guy’s gun was flipped through the
window.

By the time Bobby and I got back the coffee and donut crowd were gone, mostly
the retirees who live around town descend on the General Store as a third wave
getting cups of coffee and donuts and newspapers can spend half a morning
there. Word got around town in a hurry that I’d saved the store for Maryann.

My cell phone chirped for my attention.

“_Cuz? Elaine, congratulations, you saved Maryann’s store!_”

“Um, yeah.” I was trying to manipulate a power driver and fasten a deck plank
down.”

Whether I liked it or not, I suddenly became the local hero. The next time my
cell chirped it was Beverly.

“_Wow! You’re one bad ass, Steve. Congratulations. How did you do it?”_

I gave Bev my usual stock answer. “Three months of training for fifteen
minutes of glory.”

_“Get serious, Steve. I mean there’s more to it than that.” _

In the meantime Beverly, as I later found out was building a case against the
De Martino Gang if you want.

“Come on out to Fort Carson and watch us – or come down to Fort Hood to our
parent Headquarters and watch us.”

By lunch I was entertaining journalists and photographers again. Elaine and
Beverly darn near had to twist my arm to let the photographers take my picture
– Maryann was proud of me for saving her store. It was all the girl had of her
late husband’s memories.

Later I was sitting at the end of the counter sipping coffee. Maryann made the
mistake of letting me make the coffee.

“Hey Maryann, you wouldn’t by some off chance know where these guys come from,
besides just New York would you?”

Finishing with a customer she thought a minute. “If I recall. Just before
Rick’s death they gave me a business card.” She went to the back to get a
Rolodex business card holder. Finding the card she gave it to me. “You can
have it.”

Looking at it. “Yeah I remember this neighborhood. Half our graduating class
went to New York when they reached eighteen to party and half were picked up
by the New Jersey State Police for DWI on the way back. The state made out
like bandits on the weekend.

I used Maryann’s office computer to look up the address on Google Earth. I ran
off copies of the street and community. It seems the address was also a
residential real estate business. So I was guaranteed all the pigeons would be
gathered in one in one place.

_‘Good. This will make it easy.’_

There was no guarantee my idea would work but it was worth a try. I kissed
Maryann good-bye and goodnight and left. I remembered just Staten Island was
forty-five minutes. As a kid it seemed longer than that. So add another half
hour with traffic to get to Valley Stream, Long Island.

I made sure I was leaving when it was dusk or close to six o’clock p.m. An
hour and a half later I was on Interstate 487 that took me north to NY Highway
27 to Valley Stream. I wound my way through the neighborhood until I found the
street then the address.

‘_Yup, a residential address for a real estate business – and light up like a
circus at this hour_. _Three regular cars and two Lincolns _….’

I turned around the first chance I had and parked on Brentwood Lane.
Completing my disguise and blackening my face, I assured the interior lights
were turned off and slipped out of the truck. Looking around to assure nobody
was about walking their dog or taking a stroll I dashed across the street.
Doing some hedgehopping and fence jumping and avoiding the local canine
patrol. I found the fence vaulted a couple six foot high fences. The last I
jumped far enough in to the yard to avoid the chance of setting off infrared
sensors. Finding the right house was the next trick. Assuring it was the right
address I moved behind a row of tall bushes, throwing pebbles and wood chips
mulching at the windows.

_Ding, cling, ping!_

“What hell is going on out there?” Billy Jo demanded. “Somebody find out what
the hell is going on! Those damned kids again I’ll have their asses!”

_Pling, ding, ding!_

I’d moved around to the back door where I figured somebody would come out.
_Yup. Bigger than Stuttgart. _

Two of Billy Jo’s men slipped out the back door hoping to surprise somebody.
_Key word, hoping_. Their night vision was already ruined by the light. With
hand gestures they split up the one closest to me by a few feet was the first
to go. He never saw my high kick to the jaw.

The second guy circled the house calling for his partner. That is until a
neighbor shouted, “SHUT UP OR I’LL CALL THE COPS!”

“AH BLOW IT OUT YER ASS BIMBO!”

I thought those two would take it to the street. The neighbor was the smart
one. He went back inside I guess to finish watching the football game. Billy
Jo’s man kept watching over his shoulder for the other guy. Never saw my foot
hit his jaw coming. Thirty seconds later he too was out.

Three more pebbles hit the windows.

“What hell are you guys doing out there? Good damn help ya get these days are
worthless assholes.” Billy Jo was swearing up and down. “Get out there are
find those jerk offs and damn kids!”

A third man stormed out the front door starting my way. I had moved back to
the dark side of the house where he would miss seeing me as he passed.
Circling the house he called for his two partners again the neighbor was
yelling, “YOU SHUT THE HELL UP – I’M CALLING THE COPS!”

The third man disappeared as he passed me. Billy Jo rushed outside just as I
swung over the railing, both size elevens hit him square in the face knocking
him back into the door. Within minutes he was bound and gagged and tied to the
railing with a 503rd calling card stuck in his mouth. _‘This body brought to
you by the Black Berets._’

His other man rushed outside only to find himself getting a foot to the mouth
and tied to the other railing.

I made a hasty exit over the back fence. The last I saw, his neighbor was
standing in the yard with a baseball bat his mouth hanging open.

Skipping fences and hedges I called 9-1-1.

“_Nine-one-one is this an emergency?_”

“Yeah, you might call it that. Send the Valley Stream police over to 5142
Kalmia Lane to finish my heavy work. Billy Jo and his boys are tied up nice
neat like chickens for them.”

The next morning I was seated at the counter at Gibson’s General Store having
breakfast, the New York paper spread out across the counter. Maryann was
pouring me my third cup of coffee.

“I hope you like it. I made a special pot just for you.”

I looked around to assure nobody was watching leaned over counter putting my
fingers under her chin drawing her to me giving her a big kiss. She blushed a
pretty shade of red. She was beaming with pride.

Smitty burst in with a paper and other documents in his hand. “I knew I’d find
you here. `Morning, Maryann.” He took the stool beside me slapping the
newspaper and fax’s in front of me. “

“Since when have you become a one man police force?” Smitty demanded stabbing
a finger at the New York paper.

Maryann was pouring Smitty’s coffee, her eyes moving between the two of us.

“How do you know it was me?” I innocently asked wiping up the last of the
gravy.

“It’s got your earmarks all over it and who else …” He laid another Fax in
front of me like lawyer laying out the evidence, “leaves 503rd calling cards
on their victims?”

It didn’t take Valley Stream police no four years of math at Columbia
University to add two and two to arrive at I was connected with the bust in
Gibson, N.J.

I think Maryann was getting the idea I was busy out of town last night.

“Anyone of the guys in the 503rd could have done it. Ask the Taliban.”

“Don’t play head games with me damnit! This is obstruction of justice.”

“I thought I was doing Valley Stream police a favor busting Billy Jo and his
boys.”

“Their lawyer got `em out on bail.”

“You know muzzle velocity of bail don’t you?”

“What?”

“Zero.” I made a zero with my fingers.

Smitty left. Maryann and I exchanged smiles. She said, “Thank you.”

Late afternoon Elaine and Beverly and I were sitting on the porch at my
mother’s house. Mom stood inside the front door listening to us as we
discussed what Billy Jo might or might not want to do. I could see part of the
barn and tractor shed from where I sat.

“I smell smoke,” Elaine said getting my attention.

I couldn’t help but answer, “But where’s there’s smoke there’s fire.”

“That’s what we’re afraid of,” said Bev. “Nothing illegal.”

Still staring at the Walker farm with an uplifting of my lips I said, “Spoil
sport.”

“Okay, cuz. I’ll do like I did we were kids,” said Elaine with her trademark
wicked smile.

Beverly looked at Elaine with mild interest. “Okay this should be interesting.
What are you going to do?”

I was jarred out of my thoughts. I looked at Elaine with surprise. This was an
inside joke of ours. “You’re not?”

Elaine held a finger up as she stood and walked over to me. Mom watched with
interest remembering what Elaine used to do to me to get answers. And she was
the only cousin who could do that and get away with it.

She stepped around to my back leaning over me she made soft cooing and love
sounds kissing and nuzzling my neck. I felt her reach down my back grabbing my
right arm pulling it up into an arm lock the other around my neck. “Now tell
mama what you’re idea is – or I’ll break yer damn arm!”

Shocked, Beverly was impressed. “I gotta remember that.”

“Better then water boarding him,” said Elaine as I tried to get out of the
chair.

Forget it, Elaine had me trapped in the chair. “Hey, okay cuz let go.”

Mom said with a shake of her head, “After all these years you think you’d
learn.”

Laughing as I made faces of pain, Elaine’s sneaky way of getting answers from
me. She did the same thing when we kids at Christmas time. I had ways of
getting her fancy presents which she loved and made me proud of her. But
that’s after she literally twisted my arm for the answer.

That evening as Mom and I were eating supper I heard a car pull in the
driveway shortly there was a knock at the side door. I answered it.

“Message from Billy Jo,” he said starting to leave.

“Woa!” I called stopping the messenger. “Wait. Is he expecting an answer
back?”

The messenger shrugged. “Dunno. Didn’t say.”

“His mistake. Hold on” I read the terse message. He was holding Maryann and
the kids’ hostages until I left the area. He already knew I was in the Army
and would have to return to duty but not when. “Mistake number three.” I told
the other. “I hope they enjoy the dying scene.”

I went to my pilot’s jacket took a “503rd Calling Card out and gave it to him.
“Read the card. Understand?” He looked at me. There was no mistaking he was
looking into the eyes of death. “Make damn sure Billy Jo gets this card.
Understand?”

He read the card. ‘_This death brought to you courtesy of the Black Berets,
503rd Combat Reserve Group_’. His face turned white as a sheet. My steel gaze
met his sudden fear.

“Um, yeah.”

“Now move out smartly.”

He bolted for the driveway. The last I saw of him was his tail lights
disappearing up the road to the county road.

I turned around and bumped into Mom.

“Where are you going, Steve?”

“Maryann and the kids are being held hostage by this ass … excuse me, idiot
Billy Jo. His mistake.”

I started for the steps Mom right behind me.

“You let the Police handle this,” she insisted as I started into the room and
my gear. “What if they are armed and have guns?”

“What are the Police going to do? Negotiate? I’ll handle this the way I was
trained to handle these situations.”

“What are you going to do? Shoot them?”

“Possibly. Let me get my hands on a .308 or a 30-06 I will.”

I closed the door on her. I pulled out my BDU’s again, the Cochran’s and black
hood and tin of face black. Within fifteen minutes I was finished and heading
out the door to Maryann’s place. Mom sitting in her favorite chair crying.

Slowly driving past Maryann’s house I pulled down the street looking lost. One
was sitting on the porch and another pacing around the driveway. No telling
how many they posted on the place. Fortunately Maryann lives in an area still
being developed so neighbors are still far and few between. I parked, lights
out and sat for a few minutes to get my night vision back. Slipping out of the
truck closing the door without slamming it I moved into the weeds and
underbrush near the house.

I stayed to the shadows moving toward the back of the house. I used the 503rd
Field SOP, ‘recon the area first’. No lights on in the back rooms. Only three
were posted at the house. Their mistake. The guy who was pacing the driveway
started along the side yard toward back. I hunkered down beside a flowering
bush to wait and watch. I was like a snake ready to strike my prey. I watched
him as he walked along, a rifle held limply in his arms smoking a cigarette.
Mistake number two.

Looking around as if he knew what he was doing I decided to intercept him as
he circled the house. Waiting until his attention was diverted I moved around
the side of the house to wait. I was not to be disappointed. I could smell the
cigarette smoke before I saw him. Hunkering down beside a rose bush I watched
as he rounded the corner looking to his left he was close to my position
trailing cigarette smoke behind him. I stood lashed out with my foot catching
him in the face with a high kick, he staggered groaning from the pain. I
kicked again spun around kicking his legs out from under him. The rifle went
one way the cigarette was smashed into his mouth, blood oozing from his mouth
and nose. I pulled two tie stay sets out of a side pocket binding his hands
and feet then went to the corner.

Making a meowing sound, I know Maryann would remember it. I used to tease her
with the sound. She’d swat at me making me stop and laughing at the same time.
I made the sound a couple times to attract the guy sitting on the porch.

“Hey K.C.,” he called in his Brooklyn accent standing to look around. “K.C.
whatcha doin’ man, sleepin’? Frank, I think something happened to K.C.”

“Go find the asshole. I’ll stay here.”

I could see Toby but he couldn’t see me. He stepped off the porch the porch
light at his back making for a fine silhouette. The one inside, Frank stepped
to the living room door looking around, the lights outlining his image the
porch lights washing out their night vision.

I made the sound of the cat again but a mad cat. They still had not caught on.

“Hey Toby where’s K.C.?” Frank asked not wanting to leave Maryann and the kids
alone. He stood in the front door fingering the semi-automatic peering through
the bright lights. He was frustrated not being able to see anything past
twenty-five feet. He could not understand why. He’d looked back on them in the
bright living room lights to see if they’d moved. He was suddenly puzzled by
the mysterious smile on Maryann’s face.

The other one looked around but could not see anything. He called, “Dunno.
K.C.! Where are ya? Quit screwing around.”

Looking around the cars he walked toward the back of the house calling for
K.C.

The cat sounded its meow again.

The third one inside called, “Find K.C. and get his ass back here. I don’t
like this roaming round he’s doing.” He peered out the door into the night but
did not see anything. “I heard this guy Carson is dangerous. A trained
killer.”

“Sure. K.C.!” he called a nervousness in his throat. “Come on K.C. …”

He never saw the shiny Cochran coming. He suddenly had a mouth full of highly
shined leather in the mouth. His head hit the corner of the house, he was out
cold.

Steve bound him hand and foot, stuck a gag ball in his mouth and laid him
beside his partner.

“Two down one more to go.”

“Toby – K.C. where the hell are you guys? Shit this is getting stupid. K.C.!
Toby! Where the hell are you guys at?” He stepped out to the porch looking in
the direction the other two walked.

I circled the house to the far side peering around the side I saw he was
looking where the other two had walked. Frank ran back into the house.

“Come here, sweet heart. You’re going to get your boyfriend to give himself
up. Got it, bitch?”

He pulled Maryann out to the porch struggling against him.

“Let me go!” Maryann screamed.

“_Asshole, you just signed your death warrant._”

“Hey Dude, I got yer girlfriend…Now what are ya goina’ do?”

“_Glad you asked. Have I got a surprise for you._”

I moved in to a cluster of flowering bushes his back to me. I looked at the
porch roof trusses to see how much finger hold I’d have. Judged the distance
again, stood jumped on the porch took two strides jumped grabbing for a truss,
I swung my feet up as he turned. Turning toward me Maryann screamed. All she
saw was the soles of my Cochran’s coming toward them. Ducking and twisting
free, being short my boots sailed over her head in to Frank’s face.

The kids watched as my booted feet passed the open door connecting with the
guy’s face. Frank was knocked over backward. Maryann jumped off the porch as
he attempted to sit up grabbing for his gun I let go of the truss my feet
landing on the gun and his hand. He screamed in pain as I twisted my foot on
his hand holding the weapon.

The boy stepped to the door watching with amazement as I flipped him over to
put the tie-stays on tie stays on his wrists and feet.

I knelt down making Frank look up at me. “You know Frank I’ve been in and out
of the Middle East twice now and I’ve been through some pretty tight
situations. So I hate to be the one to break your heart, but even the worse
Taliban and Al-Quida fighters are better than you guys are. You guys are sad,
real sad.”

I stepped down off the porch stopping to kiss Maryann relieving her fears. She
looked up into my face, black with the grease paint, black hood, shirt and
gloves. “If you told me about this twenty years ago I’d never have believed
you.”

“But certain dreams do come true,” I said kissing her again.

I went back to retrieve the other two, still out cold.

As I dropped the last body on the ground I had all woman in my arms. Maryann
was kissing my face grease paint and all.

Maryann cried, the tension and stress snapped in her. “I am glad you’re home.
I don’t know what I’d do on my own with this. With Rick gone I’d be lost.”

I held Maryann close, the three kids holding onto me. I called Elaine’s
apartment on my cell phone.

“_I should have known it was you,” _she answered the phone dripping with
irritation at being disturbed at home. “_What’s it this time?_”

“’Evening, kid what are you doing besides watching the boob tube?”

“_Watching the boob tube. Why_?” She had a frigid tone to her voice that could
freeze water.

“Good. I don’t care if you’re in yer jammies. Get down to Maryann Foster’s
now. And get Beverly down here. No questions asked. Get here fast.”

I cut the connection using the one guy’s rifle I sat guard on them Maryann
with her two girls in my arms. Bobby sitting behind us. It was a half hour
later Elaine and Beverly pulled up to the house. Elaine in her jammies and
Beverly in her sweats. They stood on the edge of the lawn aghast the three
armed mobsters were subdued so easily.

I tossed Beverly my cell phone. “Call Smitty, Beverly and tell him the good
news we need some heavy weight here to take care of a small problem, like what
to do with these three idiots. Right Junior?” I kicked one in the side all I
got for an answer was a groan. “Hey, do-do face and tell Billy Jo he needs to
get some better help if he wants to stay in business. Like I told Frank, even
the worse Al-Quida fighters are better than you guys are.”

Beverly and Elaine finally found their voices.

“What happened?” Beverly said walking around the three amazed that I had then
them down single handed.

One finally groaned, “I want a lawyer.”

I replied, “You got two right here. Your choice, the township attorney or my
cousin.”

“You an attorney?” he looked up asking Elaine.

Elaine laughed. “Dude you couldn’t afford me.”

“And I’m the township attorney – the prosecutor. Your luck.”

I gave Elaine and Beverly a quick rundown on what happened.

“Kidnapping,” Beverly repeated leaning back against a porch post. “I’d say
they’re in trouble after that.”

“I know a good attorney who needs the business,” said Elaine sitting on the
porch floor. “So what do you want us to do?”

“Witnesses I grabbed three of Billy Jo’s men trying to kidnap Maryann and her
kids.”

A few minutes later the first policemen showed up. He looked down at the
three. “Billy Jo’s people?”

I said with a smile. “Signed, sealed, and delivered. Oh and here’s Junior’s
semi-automatic. I wouldn’t take this to Afghanistan on a bet. The damn thing
is libel to jam on me.”

I dropped the magazine and handed him the rifle. “I don’t need it. My special
ops unit has better weapons than this in its arms room.”

Smitty showed up with more policemen a few minutes later. He just shook his
head and didn’t even bother to comment. He read the three their rights – which
in my mind they lost when they kidnapped Maryann and her children.

I stayed the rest of the night with Maryann and the kids. I slept on the sofa
but I felt something lay down beside me. I opened an eye enough to see a
tousled head turn. She said, “Thank you Steve. I – I am just glad you are
here. This all could have gone wrong.”

Our lips met in a long passionate kiss. I said into her lips, “That’s what I
do best.”

The next morning we opened the General Store. I spent the day trying to
imagine what Billy Jo’s next move would be. This was turning in to open
warfare. Well I was used that sort of thing anyway. With five of his boys in
jail, three by way of the hospital, I think so far Billy Jo was getting the
idea he was in a desperate position.

I stayed at the store helping Maryann with the morning crowd, a few were
surprised to see me behind the counter.

The next night after I slept on my idea Bev and Elaine watched as I used the
old Allis-Chambers bucket loader to dig a hole 10 feet wide by the width of
the lane by 6 feet deep.

The girls stood back watching me dig the hole. Nearby was a small pile of 1x2
poles to hold the tarp up so I could lightly spread dirt and rocks over it to
look like part of the driveway.

Bev stood with her arms wrapped around herself scowling at me she said, “You
know, Elaine he’s dangerous.”

“You didn’t know him when he was a teen-ager.”

“Oh?”

“His brother and my brother decided early on one nutcase in the family was
enough.”

I fixed the poles over the hole then with the girl’s help I spread out the
tarp then lightly laid on the dirt and rocks. We settled in for the day before
they decided to leave going way out around the gas pump and down. They had
their own businesses to tend to and could not spend the time with me.

On the third day which put the whole thing into the first couple days of the
third week the girls arrived just before dark. They quickly parked their cars
in the tractor shed out of sight. Well before I covered my face with black
theatrical paste than put on a full black suit with the black hood.

Elaine looked me over with a critical eye. “Well, cuz if you don’t beat them
to death, you’ll

definitely scare the hell out of them with that suit.”

Bev said with some sarcasm, “You look like something out of the Middle East.”

“Thanks, girls.”

We watched the road then everything came together. We could just make out the
end of the long lane and the road. Two sets of head lights turned off the main
road onto the lane.

“That’s them. Under cover. Call 9-1-1. They’ll have to rescue these idiots
from me.”

Pulling the ski mask hood in place I ran out getting under the poncho by the
tractor. Elaine was calling 9-1-1 as the cars two Lincoln-Continentals made
the last quarter mile of the hill. They had to gun the engines racing up the
hill to reach the flat area by the wagon shed. The cars were literally bumper
to bumper the last few hundred feet. The first car passed me than disappeared.
Snapping, splintering and tearing of canvas the first car dropped out of sight
into the pit with a resounding crash, the back end rose up in the air. The
second car, following too close slammed into the underside with of the first a
crash and crumpling of metal shoving the first car forward, the front wheels
dropping over the edge stunning the occupants.

I threw the poncho off running to the second car wrenching the driver’s door
open pulled the guy out by his collar as he was trying to draw a gun. I pulled
the gun out of his hand throwing it into the field kicking his feet out from
under him slamming him to the ground. The rear door was opening, a hand with a
gun was poking out; I spun around hit the door with my foot pinning his arm in
the door. He screamed, I pulled the gun from his hand tossed it after the
first kicking the door again getting another cry of pain from him then high
kicked him in the chin knocking him out of the back. I jumped across the roof,
the car was low enough the occupant was just climbing out. He heard my feet
hit the roof, he looked back and I swear he turned white as a sheet. After
that he knew nothing as my size eleven Cochran jump boots connected with his
face knocking him back into the door. I grabbed the gun out of his hand
throwing it over my shoulder into the weeds.

The next thing I heard was, “FREEZE, BUSTER!” I turned Bev to my surprise was
holding a 9 millimeter on the two lying on the ground.

And, “NOT MY COUSIN YOU’RE NOT!” Screams followed as Elaine’s dainty narrow
size five foot hit the door.

The sound of multiple sirens and a sea of red and blues coming down the road
past my house in the waning light of the evening one by one were turning in to
the lane snaking their way up to the house and sheds. We had effectively wiped
out Billy Jo’s operation that evening.

Flood lights were on as the police sped up the road, the first car stopping as
the officer saw the back end of the Lincoln plowed into the other, back end up
into the air tail lights still on. Smitty in the third car pulled off the lane
onto the grass jumped out, gun drawn then stopped. I was standing on the roof
of the second Lincoln arms crossed with a smile. Bev and Elaine had the second
group covered. The first ones were still trapped in their car. Somebody was
going to have a job untangling this mess.

I called, “They’re all yours, Smitty.”

7.

The next morning newspaper articles pictures adorned the wall of the General
Store. Customers stopped to read the articles on the wall, others were buying
two and three copies. Elaine and Bev were heroes for helping me, we occupied
stools of honor at the breakfast bar that morning.

Bobby was standing with Maryann, pictures were being taken by every newspaper
from New York to Philadelphia, a reporter from the Somerset County Reader
asked Bobby, “So what are you going to do now that everything is back to
normal, Bobby?”

Bobby unabashedly replied, “I want to enlist in the Army to be in the 503rd
Black Ops like he is.”

A tall order for a kid his age.

Maryann gave me a worried look. Elaine nudged my side. “I think the boy needs
someone to look up to, hero worship.”

The last days of my leave I spent down at the General Store helping Maryann
and truth be known, romancing her. The last day of my leave before I had to
get back on the road back to Colorado I brought Maryann out in front of God,
County and Customers, dropped to a knee,

“Maryann, it’s been some twenty years since we were an item together at school
and we went our separate ways – but, will you marry me?”

She broke down in tears nodding tears streaming down her face. A loud cheer
erupted as she choked out, “Yes. Steve – Yes!”

She dropped to her knees in front of me as I held the ring out to her. We
embraced on the floor people taking pictures, more pictures showed up in the
local papers.

8.

Nine months later the door of the Detachment D, or Det D, 503rd Combat Reserve
Group Headquarters opened, a young boy struggled through the door with his
bags before any of us could hold the door for him. He set the bags down
rendering a crisp salute announced, “Private First Class Robert Foster
reporting for duty, Sergeant!”

I was talking with some of the NCO’s and officers when Bobby reported in. New
BDU’s, his beret squared on his head, clean brown field boots, the patches and
tabs still brand new, a genuine smile on his young face. The officers returned
his salute.

I said, “Welcome to the 503rd, PFC Foster.”

Bobby was beaming. He was only one out of one hundred who qualified for the
503rd. I walked over to shake his hand. That evening I’d be able to tell his
mother Bobby was in my platoon. Maryann Foster was now Maryann Carson would be
proud of her son.

# # #

* * *

[HED1]

