### DISSOLUTION OF A COMMANDO GROUP by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-07-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The United States Military’s premier special operations group, Commando Group 752, is torn apart by lust, brutality, power, stress, control, and their own “defective programming” after nearly six years of constant fighting since the September 11th attacks. 

* * *

**_Dissolution of a Commando Group_**

**Note:** This story is part of a series on the operations of Commando Group 752, a five person special operations team consisting of First sergeant “Kane” (an Army Green Beret), Major “Airshow” (a Marine Corps pilot), Sergeant first class “Brick” (an Army communications specialist), Master sergeant “Wrench” (an Air Force mechanic), and Lieutenant Commander “LT” (a Navy medic). Other stories on this site in this series include, _Operation Bryant_ and _Bin Laden’s “Bay of Pigs” Invasion_ by XavierJets.

America’s top Special Forces operator sat with his arms and legs shackled,
silently contemplating his fate. His code name was “Kane.” He used to be a
member of the premier special operations unit of the United States Armed
Forces, Commando Group 752. Now he sits before a judge for the second time
inside a year and this time he knows they won’t let him off easily, he’s used
up any goodwill he had. Hell, they would have sentenced him to life in prison
without parole the first time around had he not been the finest commando the
United States military industrial complex ever produced. He knew there’d be no
mercy this time; he knew his life was over.

The lead attorney for the prosecution paced back and forth in front of the
judge, a stack of papers gripped tightly in one hand. He sported the
traditional military buzzcut, a row of glinting medals on his uniform, and the
hard lines of aging and stress on his forehead. The judge looked up from his
desk and addressed him. “You may begin,” the judge boomed in a deep bass
voice, appearing to Kane to sound almost god-like.

“You’re honor; let me start from the beginning for the benefit of yourself and
the members of the court. It was April 2007; the members of Commando Group 752
had been fighting nigh continuously for the almost six years since the
September 11th 2001 attacks against all types of enemies, both foreign and
domestic, threatening and attacking this country. It had been nearly six of
the hardest, longest years of their lives. The fighting the Commando Group had
experienced had been the most difficult, the most exhausting, and the most
challenging of their military careers. For some members of the group, those
careers dated all the way back to early 1990. At the time of the first
incident, 35-year-old Army Sergeant first class (SFC) “Brick,” the group’s
communications specialist, had been in the service since March 7, 1990.
35-year-old Air Force Master sergeant (MSGT) “Wrench,” the group’s
automotive/vehicle expert and driver had joined on April 7, 1990. 34-year-old
Navy Lieutenant commander “LT” the group’s medic had started her career on
October 25, 1991. 34-year-old Marine Corps Major “Airshow” the group’s pilot
and commanding officer began his service on November 10, 1991. Lastly, then
27-year-old Army First sergeant (1SG) “Kane” joined up on October 19, 2000.
Commando Group 752 goes back 18 years and one lifetime ago. Between all the
members of the group, they had fought in every campaign, mission, operation,
and war you could think of since then,” the lead prosecuting attorney
factually reported to the court, pausing here to take a breath and scan the
room for his captive audience’s reactions. Kane sat motionless.

“The Gulf War (1990/1991), Somalia (1993), Haiti (1994), Bosnia (1995),
Operation Desert Fox (1998), Kosovo (1999), and now Afghanistan (2001-present)
and Iraq (2003-present). In 2007, however, they faced the hardest battle of
all, the battle against each other. Exasperated by the fighting, frustrated at
the ongoing stalemate overseas, and angry at the world, tensions began to
boil. The first incident signaling the downfall of the Commando Group came on
April 8, 2007, 2,035 days after 9/11.”

“It was Easter Sunday, First sergeant Kane, Sergeant first class Brick, and
the newly promoted Master sergeant Wrench were at Wrench's house in Monmouth
County, New Jersey for the holiday with their respective families. After their
initial conversations they broke off into groups, for further talking and
festivities. Then 1SG Kane went upstairs to go hang out with his brother and
his cousin. However, first he thought he’d drop in on MSGT Wrench’s 16-year-
old daughter, Cassandra, with whom he had a good relationship with. The two
were cordial and affectionate with each other, but not more so than good
friends. It was common knowledge among the group at this time that MSGT Wrench
held on iron grip on Cassandra’s social life. He kept her away from all men
save for those in the Commando Group, everywhere she went she had to report to
MSGT Wrench, and had to always obey his commands with no hesitation. It was
also common knowledge among the group at the time that MSGT Wrench was prone
to violent verbal outbursts towards Cassandra for little reason.”

The prosecuting attorney took a breath, paced the floor, stroked the few
upright gray hairs on his head, then continued. The courtroom remained silent,
listening, rapt.

“Getting back to the main narrative, then 1SG Kane entered Cassandra’s room.
The two engaged in their usual affectionate greeting of tight hugs and kisses
on the cheek. 1SG Kane also picked up Cassandra and carried her around the
room, another usual tradition between the two. They then engaged in a long
talk about school, life, and their various problems. Cassandra got emotional
and in a long “rant” described MSGT Wrench’s brutality, her sexual starvation,
her interest in 1SG Kane, and MSGT Wrench’s trust and admiration of 1SG Kane.
1SG Kane, after the speech, admitted his interest in her as well. Shortly
thereafter they engaged in what 1SG Kane detailed to investigators as
“passionate kissing and groping.” Cassandra was moaning audibly during the
activity, drawing the attention of MSGT Wrench who was upstairs at the time
letting everyone know that dinner was ready. He peeked into the slightly
opened door of Cassandra’s room and apparently witnessed the scene taking
place. At this point they were undressing each other. MSGT Wrench then
apparently in a rage retrieved his trademark IMI Mark XIX Desert Eagle
semiautomatic pistol chambered in .50 Action-Express, he loaded the pistol and
ran back to Cassandra’s door.”

The prosecuting attorney put the stack of papers down for a second and warned
the members of the court that the upcoming testimony narrative contains
extremely graphic content. With his warning finished, he picked the papers
back up and continued unabated. Kane felt the slight tingling of his body
becoming aroused, remembering the sensation of Cassandra’s lips on his.

“Continuing, MSGT Wrench then rushed in nearly breaking the door off. He
punched 1SG Kane across the face sending him to the floor, then backhanded
Cassandra. He then aimed his Desert Eagle pistol at 1SG Kane. MSGT Wrench then
ranted for several minutes about how upset he was, how 1SG Kane could have
betrayed him after he trusted his life with him, and how 1SG Kane was his
favorite group member. 1SG Kane replied in turn through his bloody, near
broken jaw that Cassandra was oppressed and MSGT Wrench’s brutality was the
cause of the situation. Cassandra simply pleaded for MSGT Wrench to put the
gun down. MSGT Wrench at that point called Cassandra, a slut, a whore, and a
traitor among other things. In the meantime, 1SG Kane had pulled out his
signature custom tailored M1911A1 sidearm which he carries with him
“absolutely everywhere” and aimed it at MSGT Wrench. 1SG Kane then told MSGT
Wrench to put the gun down and he’ll lower his weapon as well. MSGT Wrench
then launched into another long speech about how the two of them have fought
countless battles together, been on hundreds of missions together, saved each
other’s asses more than once, and served in every campaign for the past nearly
six years together, and now 1SG Kane, his favorite commando and his best and
most trusted friend, the greatest asset to the group had gone as far as to try
to “im-purify” his own daughter in his own house while he is present and their
families are there. During the speech 1SG Kane slowly rose to his feet still
aiming at MSGT Wrench. After the speech, he told MSGT Wrench that he made a
mistake and is sorry for hurting him. MSGT Wrench then told him that the
excuse wasn’t good enough and locked the door to the room, cutting off any
escape. MSGT Wrench said that 1SG Kane had done the worst thing possible aside
from murdering him or Cassandra and that he must pay.”

“MSGT Wrench then aimed his Desert Eagle square at 1SG Kane’s head, Cassandra,
at that moment rushed him and pushed his gun upward sending the shot intended
for 1SG Kane’s head into the ceiling. MSGT Wrench then backhanded Cassandra
again, threw her onto her bed, and commenced firing at 1SG Kane. The two
commandoes then engaged in a vicious firefight in which they were both hit
multiple times. Meanwhile downstairs, SFC Brick and everyone else in the house
simply hit the deck, believing the gunfire to be coming from outside.”

“1SG Kane, being the group’s combat specialist, who has hundreds of confirmed
kills, and is better, more accurate, and more maneuverable in combat than any
single member of the group by a good margin, soon gained the upper hand
against MSGT Wrench who as you may recall was the group’s world class driver
and automotive/vehicle repair technician. Cassandra hid behind a dresser as
the gunfight ended with both combatants pumping a few more rounds into each
other before both falling over, bloodied, but still clasping their guns. The
air smelt of gun powder and the room was littered with shell casings, the Army
Criminal Investigation Division (CID) investigators later reported.”

“Believing MSGT Wrench to be dead, Cassandra ran to 1SG Kane and comforted
him. MSGT Wrench was in fact mortally wounded and the last thing he saw on
this Earth was Cassandra comforting 1SG Kane. He was dead by the time SFC
Brick and the others frantically made their way into Cassandra’s room. Once
inside, they fell silent at the ghastly sight that all the world’s worst
terrorists could not have produced. The local police and paramedics soon
arrived, followed later by the Army CID. The paramedics declared MSGT Wrench
dead and tended to 1SG Kane. SFC Brick repeated to investigators over and over
that he could not believe 1SG Kane killed MSGT Wrench or the situation in
general for that matter. He had trusted these men with his life, that they’d
snap like this, was unimaginable.”

“The paramedics announced that 1SG Kane would live but would need several
months to recover, along with massive surgery. A bone in his right hip and the
femur bone in his right leg were completely destroyed by .50 Action Express
rounds from MSGT Wrench’s Desert Eagle. A later autopsy revealed that MSGT
Wrench had been hit by ten .45 ACP rounds from 1SG Kane’s M1911A1 pistol. MSGT
Wrench had been hit in both of his shins, both of his thighs, both his arms,
his stomach, both shoulders, and the area just below his neck. 1SG Kane later
told investigators that he thought MSGT Wrench might be wearing body armor so
he aimed for areas that armor would not cover, he also stated he did not want
to headshot MSGT Wrench.”

“The CID followed the ambulance carrying 1SG Kane to the hospital and guarded
and questioned him over the next several days. In addition, they also
questioned SFC Brick and Cassandra. 1SG Kane’s trial began on April 16, 2007.
He testified via satellite from a hospital bed. The trial was held at a secret
location by a military tribunal.”

The prosecuting attorney stops for a moment to drink a glass of water and
survey his audience. Everyone is paying strict attention to the proceedings,
save for Kane, who hangs his head sullenly remembering the brutal shootout.
The attorney picks the stack of papers back up and continues the narrative,
trying to remain objective in tone and presentation.

“On July 1, 2007, the trial of then 1SG Kane concludes. He is given no prison
time or community service, due to his outstanding military service and the
defensive nature of his actions, but is ordered to therefore live under a
strict set of terms. The terms of his sentence are as follows.”

The attorney raises a pointed finger and gestures with it as he reads the
terms of Kane’s sentence.

“One, he is demoted to private and dishonorably discharged from the US Army.

Two, he will not receive the Congressional Medal of Honor for his
distinguished service.

Three, he will only receive ¼ of his pension.

Four, he will lose all benefits, no insurance coverage, nor personal vehicle,
and all government issued weapons are to be removed from his person and his
estate.

Five, a restraining order is to be placed upon Mr. Kane in regards to all
remaining members of Commando Group 752 and their dependents.

Six, if Mr. Kane attacks any other commando or member or civilian of the US
military, he is subject to be killed on site.

Seven, he is forbidden to work for any large, well known private security
contractor.

Eight, he is forbidden to work at any police department or federal law
enforcement agency in any capacity.

Nine, he will contribute his own money on a monthly basis to help pay for MSGT
Wrench’s pension and for compensation to MSGT Wrench’s family indefinitely.
MSGT Wrench had served 17 years, 2 days in active service with the US Air
Force.

Ten, if Mr. Kane breaks any of these terms, the court reserves the right to
make the current terms harsher, impose new terms, and impose a prison
sentence, the death penalty or community service depending on the severity of
the infraction.”

The courtroom remains stone silent. Internally, Kane boils with rage, his
lawyer did a damn good job, constantly reminding the jury of his years of
service, of the highly wanted, dangerous terrorists he helped capture and
kill, the men he saved, the attacks he averted, but the man took what little
money he had left once it was all over. The prosecuting attorney sets some
pages down on his desk at the right side of the courtroom, rearranges the
pages of the narrative packet, and soldiers on before his breathless audience.

“On July 7, 2007, Kane is finally able to leave the hospital after nearly
three months. He is a broken man; he has no job, little money, and nobody to
turn to. He isolates himself. He constructs a makeshift shelter on an
abandoned farm in the New Jersey Pine Barrens and essentially lives in the
wilderness, using his SERE (survival escape resistance evasion) training to
survive. Kane lives in the shelter for about a week. On July 14th, he realizes
the remaining members of Commando Group 752, their dependents, and their
supply officers are probably currently taking their annual vacation in North
Carolina. Remembering that Cassandra is probably with them and yearning for
her madly, he formulates a plan. Desperate to speak to Cassandra directly, he
calls her from a pay phone. Cassandra answers his call and was luckily in a
bathroom at a rest stop when Kane reached out to her. They talk for around
twenty minutes. Cassandra, though massively upset over what transpired, admits
she is free now and her life has improved. She tells Kane she is mad at him,
but is open to the idea of meeting again. She later told investigators she had
sympathy for the now broken Kane, who sacrificed himself, in a way, to free
her. Kane instructs her to call him when the group reaches the beach house and
then again when most have left the house for one reason or another and there
are few around. Then he told her, he will sneak in and they can reunite.
Cassandra excitedly agrees to the plan and Kane sets off for North Carolina.
He rents a sky blue 1973 Jeep CJ-5 with no roof or doors and subsequently
drives down to the area of North Carolina where the Commando Group usually
vacations. He drives the 14-hour trip almost straight through, only stopping
once to eat. He arrives at 4am on the morning on July 15th and finds a local
hotel run by an Iraq War veteran. The veteran allows Kane to stay at his
establishment for free upon hearing of his exploits and of his service. After
checking in, he goes to his room, and waits.”

Kane’s body warms again, remembering Cassandra, her touch, her voice. A
sinister air hangs over the courtroom. The stern prosecuting attorney clears
his throat and wipes his brow before marching on.

“On July 16th, late in the afternoon, Cassandra calls Kane, informing him of
the house’s address and that everyone has either left the house to go to the
nearby beach or boardwalk bar and that he should come over now. Kane drives
over to the house at once, parks a block away, and sneaks in. He searches the
house stealthily and finds Cassandra in the laundry room. They greet each
other warmly, like lovers, like a couple. Aroused by Cassandra’s scant attire
as she had just returned from the beach, Kane makes a sexual advance upon her
that is enthusiastically returned by Cassandra. Their passionate kissing and
groping eventually turns into full blown sex. Afterward, they go to
Cassandra’s room where they take pictures of themselves together, still
disrobed. During one pose, they again engage in a passionate bout of kissing
and this again leads to sex. Both times, Kane ejaculates inside Cassandra, who
was not on the pill at the time. Later it is learned, it was around this time
that she got pregnant, Kane presumably being the father. After the second
session, Kane leaves the house, checks out of the hotel, and travels back to
his makeshift shelter, the “operation” as he put it, a success. Cassandra
continues to enjoy her newfound freedom in the meantime and in the coming
months, but keeps in regular touch with Kane.”

Kane shivers as he sits in the courtroom, the only one to make a sound as his
prison jumpsuit rustles. He longs for Cassandra again, especially now that he
is the father of her child, but there is no way they’ll let him go this time.
You can’t just let a multi-million dollar government trained killing machine
back into society, especially since he has now demonstrated on more than one
occasion that his programming is “broken.” He’d be a liability, if he could
kill one of his own, he wouldn’t have a problem killing anyone else. And MSGT
Wrench’s whole meltdown into psychopathy further demonstrated that the
“programming” was broken among them, they’re all liabilities now. “Who’d snap
next?” Kane wondered.

“Over the next several months, Kane and Cassandra stayed in touch, but lived
separate lives. Suspicion grew over Cassandra’s burgeoning stomach until it
could no longer be denied. Eventually, MSGT Wrench’s widow kept a strict watch
over her and her life again was closely monitored. Kane lived in the
wilderness and contemplated suicide, but chose to struggle onward with hopes
of reuniting with Cassandra again. It is now, ladies and gentlemen of the
court, that we come to the incident which has brought us all here today. For
Christmas 2007, it was planned that the whole Commando Group and their
dependents, and supply officers would rally to Sergeant first class Brick’s
Hunterdon County, New Jersey house for the holiday. Covertly, Kane plotted to
infiltrate the house and see Cassandra again, though it was extremely risky.
Cassandra agreed to the plan and desperately wanted to see Kane again feeling
alone in the world and overly emotional due to her pregnancy. On Christmas
day, as the darkness of an early winter evening fell, Kane climbed through an
open window into a vacant upstairs bedroom where Cassandra awaited. After a
short talk, Kane and Cassandra again engaged in sexual activity and took
several pictures of themselves disrobed. It was in the midst of this activity
that SFC Brick discovered them; he had originally gone to the room to alert
any remaining dependents or supply officers that dinner was ready. The
normally calm SFC Brick went into a rage, savagely physically beating Kane,
who offered no resistance and simply accepted his fate. In that moment, SFC
Brick also had an epiphany that it was Kane who had impregnated Cassandra.
When the Criminal Investigation Division of the Army arrived, they arrested
Kane without incident. SFC Brick resigned in disgust from the US Army the next
day, after nearly 18 years of service. With three of its five members now
inactive, Commando Group 752 was officially disbanded on January 1, 2008.
Lieutenant Commander “LT” and Major “Airshow” have since been reassigned to
active combat commands, though a watch is kept on them. Former SFC Brick now
works for a printing press company and leads a fairly normal life.”

“Kane was been in custody ever since and that, your honor, is the issue with
which we are faced today, what to do with this man, now that he has violated
the terms earlier stipulated by this court?” the prosecuting attorney
concluded, turning to the judge and putting his hands firmly on his hips as if
he were a drill instructor.

“Your honor,” a voice erupted from the back of the courtroom, “I believe I
have something that may interest you.”

It was Kane’s lawyer, a court-appointed public defender. He hadn’t said a word
since the proceedings began, but he did not need to. He had something more
powerful than words up his sleeves. He stood from the table where Kane sat
manacled and slowly walked to the judge’s podium, holding a thick, paper
filled manila folder in his left hand. Kane tried to hide an evil smile as he
watched his otherwise meek lawyer go forth with authority and poise. The
lawyer reached the judge’s bench and slapped the folder down on his desk.

““Black Operations” 2002-2006, top secret” stenciled in serious dark red ink
read the text on the folder’s cover. The judge and lead prosecuting attorney
looked bewildered. They couldn’t comprehend the folders contents, as they were
officially said to have “not existed.” A renewed hush fell over the courtroom.
A malevolent grin cracked across Kane’s weathered face.

