### Saving Lindy Ashley Ch. 1 by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-08-24. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A satirical look of crime in the city involving threats, fear, explosive action, steamy sex and the good guys triumphing. 

* * *

_(Revised, in 3 parts)_

Bo Short (Bo being short for Bob which was short for Robert) went into the bar
in a shady district in Sydney where children and gay men were kept off the
streets. He’d been told to meet Charlie and Eddie Hooker there because a well-
paying job was on offer.

The brother’s Sergeant at Arms, a beefy guy called Herb, frisked Bo and the
guy said through broken teeth, “Go to them. They’re behind me.”

The bar was half-full of guys who looked like crims and all the women looked
like sluts, as women tend to do when they slouch in bars or show their panties
sitting on stools, instead of standing back in long skirts and adjusting their
hair like ladies.

But two hard-faced guys with stubble sitting at a corner table watching Bo as
if suspecting he was a few cents short in the dollar told Bo he’d found The
Hooker Boys, confirmed because they were the only guys sitting behind Herb. It
paid to be careful.

“Pull up a chair and have a drink Bo. I’m Charlie.”

Bo waited for the drink to appear until Eddie asked him didn’t he want to buy
a drink for himself.

“Huh, my mom doesn’t like me drinking before midday.”

“Yeah moms are good on things like that,” Eddie sniggered.

“Of course you wouldn’t know your father so your mother would be important to
you.”

Eddie looked at Bo suspiciously. “What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Shut up Eddie. Let’s talk business Bo.”

It was simply really. All Bo had to do was to plant a bomb under the fuel tank
of a woman’s car. That’s all. The boys would explode it remotely by radio.

“Who’s the broad?”

“Shirley Ashley the heiress but Charlie and I are not allowed to tell anyone.”

Charlie sighed. “Go home Bo. You’ll find the bomb in your mailbox. Here’s the
address of the broad. She drives a red sports car and parks it in front of the
house where she lives.”

“Why?”

“How the fuck would I know? I guess she’s lazy. How much do you want for doing
this little favour for us?”

“Ten thousand bucks.”

“Listen asshole, for that amount it would pay me to shut your mouth
permanently and do the job myself.”

“Then five thou. I get jail if caught.”

“Okay, at least that saves me having to get Herb to dispose of your body.
Plant the bomb the night after next.”

“Okay,” Bo said and left the bar whistling. He cursed and retraced his steps
feeling quite a fool. Charlie got a big laugh out of that but paid him $2500
with the remainder to be paid ‘post-explosion’.

Bo didn’t like this job at all. He’d expected his ‘finder’ to find him a part-
time position counting money at a counterfeiting operation, or doping
racehorses or training the outfit’s molls how to serve drinks and improve
their sex performance. Carrying around a bomb was dangerous stuff.

Then Bo became really grumpy. He was waiting for a bus when a guy came up
behind him, stuck a gun in his back and robbed him. Bo was surprised the big
guy took only the $2500 from his inside jacket pocket. He became more than
suspicious when he heard the guy say into a phone as he was walking off, “Hi
Charlie. I hauled your money off the weasel without him knowing what day it
is. He’s thinking random robbery, heh-heh-heh.”

Bo decided those jerks wouldn’t get away with this. He went to the gym where
he worked part-time as a cleaner and had a talk to the boss who’d been a Navy
Seal before being discharged with a bunch of medals.

When Bo apologized for interrupting him Waldo Jones said, “Sit Bo, I always
have time to talk to my people.”

“Boss this is confidential okay?”

“Yep, shoot Bo. Is someone stealing paper rolls from the toilets?”

“Worse than that boss. It concerns that good looking babe Lindy Ashley who
comes here.”

“Ah, yum yum. She’s here now.”

“Could you please get her in here and I’ll tell you both at the same time.
She’s in big trouble.”

“You mean grave danger like life threatening danger?”

“You can say that again.”

A few minutes later Waldo returned with Miss Ashley. She was not long from the
shower as her blonde hair slicked back. She wore a tight-fitting summer dress
that sculptured her breasts and thighs. Although believing such tight clothing
shouldn’t be permitted, Bo licked his lips.

Her blue eyes bored into him and the look said, ‘You slimy weasel’.

Bo told them everything including disclosing he’d been robbed.

“This is beyond belief; you’re making it up Bo.”

“No I’m not,” Bo said indignantly, thinking she was a slimy bitch with a big
mouth.

Waldo frowned. “Lindy, have you ever thought of yourself being in danger?”

“No of course not. Bo is trying something on here. Cleaning the toilets has
his mind in the sewer.”

“Bo?”

“Of course not boss.”

Waldo said there was one way to test what they’d been told. “Come on guys.”

They piled into Waldo’s old black Mercedes.

“Christ this old Mercedes is a front,” Lindy said, as Waldo tickled the gas
pedal before pushing the stick into drive, her ear tuned to the very powerful
growl of a beast wanting to be unleashed.

“I’ve upgraded the motor and the running gear and brakes. This baby has 600 hp
sitting under the hood. If I bought an eye-catching super car it would only
get stolen. This model Merc was always considered under-powered and every auto
thief knows that.”

“God you’re smarter than you look,” teased Lindy and she was quite upset when
Bo said to his boss to thump her.

“Give me directions to your mom’s home Bo.”

They arrived ten minutes later. The house was nestled down long driveway out
of sight of the mailbox decorated with street graffiti. Bo opened the mailbox
and gingerly removed a shoebox. He re-joined the other two in the car and
lifted the lid.

“It will be a fake with Bo having us on,” Lindy sighed, scratching a groove
shaped by an over-tight bra over her left shoulder.

“Jesus,” Waldo said, examining the device and noting the explosive pack. “This
baby packs enough punch to turn this car into scrap metal. Here Lindy hold it
and we’ll take it to the cops.”

“Eeek no, I can’t bear to touch it.”

“Hand it to me boss,” Bo said from the back seat and took it. “Try not to bang
into anything or get shunted from behind.”

“Oh Christ,” Lindy wailed.

Waldo drove off and said they’d take Lindy back to her car.

“I went to the gym by cab. My car is out of action… Omigod.”

Waldo glanced at her. “What is it?”

“Three days ago I was hit by a delivery van with big bumper bars. The
collusion slewed my light vehicle around and that nullified the impact and
probably saved my wife I mean my life and left me shaken and loose changed
spilling from my jeans pockets. One of the front tires of the van
disintegrated in the collision and the shifty-looking driver fled. The police
found the van had been reported stolen. It was loaded with concrete rubble.”

“Ah, to give it more dynamic forward thrust at point of impact,” Waldo said,
rubbing his chin. “Where did this collusion occur?”

“It was right outside my home as I made the usual U-turn and was at right-
angles to the footpath with my body on the side of the approaching fast-moving
vehicle. I saw it coming and accelerated into a tight arc to fluidly park
against the kerb out of harm’s way but was caught in the rear.”

The two guys thought of Lindy’s rear.

Then Waldo said in awe, “Jesus a female who actually parks her vehicle
efficiently as a result of understanding Hoyle’s mathematical principles.”

Bo asked what was he on about but was ignored. Waldo said this threat on
Lindy’s life was too difficult to place into the hands of the police.

“That’s two attempts on Lindy’s life. There will be more to come,” Bo said.

“Good thinking pal, I think the same way. Lindy you’re being targeted.”

“I believe you Waldo,” she said, playing with the hair on Waldo’s nape.

Bo almost dropped the bomb when attempting to throw up his hands in disgust.
That Lindy was such a slut and Waldo was old enough to be her father.

Waldo dropped Bo off near the docks and told Bo to heave the bomb out into
deep water and not attempt to defuse it because it had been professionally
assembled.

“I’ll take Lindy home to my place for tonight. It will be safer for her
there.”

Bo stepped from the car seething, the hero always got the girl huh? Wasn’t he
the hero raising the alarm? But it was too late to claim Lindy’s pussy… the
Merc had already rumbled off.

While sitting on a waterfront seat and having to fight off a hobo who’d tried
to steal the shoebox, Bo thought he should visit his sister who lived two
hundred miles away and not return until the Hooker brother’s reward for Bo’s
assassination had time to expire. He was looking at two broads leaning over
the railing looking into the water, exposing their buttocks. He grinned as
that rush of blood had given him a great idea.

Bo waited till late dusk before entering the alley behind the bar the
brother’s apparently used as their office. The vehicles were all junk cars
except for one. He grinned because it was a black SUV favoured internationally
by villains. Bo attached the bomb under the car, jamming it tightly above some
metal thinking it might go off when they drove over a big bump. The scum had
robbed him and so deserved to die accidentally. He now had to act quickly and
make sure it was the brother’s vehicle.

Bo pulled a slatted steel cover off a gutter drain and smashed a rear side
window of the vehicle and opened the door. The rear seat area smelt sweaty,
reminding him of Herb’s odour. The car alarm was making a din so there was no
time to lose. He searched the pockets and found a box of ammo so chucked that
on to a seat, a device that looked like a TV controller and tossed that on to
the seat but under the front passenger seat found a black string tied bag that
felt like loot and grabbed that and ran.

The backdoor of the bar burst open and as he was about to exit the ally Bo
heard the smaller brother Eddie cry incredulously, “Hey boss, us has been
robbed!”

Then Charlie yelled, “Get into the car. We’ll run the mother-fucker down.”

Bo ran across the street and down an alley only wide enough to give people
foot access to the docks. He heard the roar of the SUV and shuddered, almost
wetting himself. And then there was a violent explosion and Bo felt the ground
shake beneath his feet. He couldn’t hear the vehicle and alarms inside
buildings began sounding and people were screaming and other calling out.

Bo headed to the nearest train station.

By the time he was clear of the city Bo had it figured out. In the back seat
Herb had looked at the box of ammo and opening found it was full and then
looked on the seat at found the TV controller only it wasn’t a TV controller
was it? And then the dummy must have pressed a button, the wrong one, and the
bomb detonated.

Bo had thought about detonating the bomb himself but when in the car had
looked unsuccessfully for a little black box with a plunger handle with a
safety device over it to prevent accidental misuse. Apparently the radio
device the brothers had purchased was not a classy as the manufacturer of the
bomb. Heh, heh, heh. The city was now a safer place for people.

He slept that night on a discarded mattress in a commercial bulk rubbish bin.

In the morning Bo walked off his stiffness and sat on a street seat with views
across the harbour with the outgoing tide taking the filth of the city out to
sea.

Bo opened the black bag and to his astonishment found it was full of
banknotes, neatly held in packs by rubber bands. The broad sitting next to him
also looked as said, “Omigod, is that money?”

Bo was too boastful to lie. “Yeah.”

“Oh hi handsome; my name’s Nancy.”

A decision was called for. Bo decided to go nowhere alone with Nancy until he
deposited most of the cash into his bank account and refilled the black bag
with bank deposit slips with just a couple of packs of bills on the top. Oh
yeah, great thinking he grinned.

He’d do that by offering to go off to get them coffee and donuts.. Then after
Nancy fucked him near senseless he’d be happy for her to run off with all the
cash she could find because it wouldn’t be much compared with what had been in
the bag. But then perhaps once she saw what he packed she mightn’t be in a
hurry to run off.

Nancy smiled like a long-lost friend. “What’s your name honey?”

“Bo.”

“Oh what a sweet name. I guess it’s short for Boo. If you like you may play
‘Boo!’ with me and get me excited?

Bo was thinking about that when she pushed back her dyed curls and said,
“Honey would you put an arm around me, I’m cold.”

“Yeah!” Bo grinned wolfishly and Nancy giggled and unzipped the back of her
dress.

* * *

Waldo parked just short of his home in a parking area favoured by lovers that
overlooked a park filled with the skeletons of rusting abandoned vehicles.

“Oooh,” said Lindy.

“We need to talk strategy.”

“Just unbutton and unzipped me Waldo.”

He looked as if he couldn’t believe his ears and then twigged. He grinned and
said actually they must discuss her well-being and work out how to put the
gang out of action, like setting them up for a crime they hadn’t committed, er
yet.

“Are you okay, what with these threats on your, er, well-being?”

“I’m feeling very well sweetie, in fact rather hot,” Lindy said, and with the
dexterity of a gym-fit person negotiated the crap carmakers place between
front passenger vehicle seats these days to curb misbehaviour between
consenting adults and sat facing away from Waldo, straddling his thighs.

Although Waldo had being around the block with a great number of babes he
couldn’t help but swallow. This was heiress Lindy Ashley about to have a piece
of him.

Lindy unzipped him and fished out his piece as every bit as competently as
Waldo could have managed without her ass all over him. Waldo was greatly
impressed.

She fiddled and he felt and head of his cock suddenly become very warm. He
knew what that meant and threw his head back, mouth open, as his rigid shaft
was lubed as it slipped into Lindy’s depths.

“Oh this is great. I only take cock about twice every three months,” she
cooed. “I desire to be tight for my husband when I marry.”

Waldo said nothing. Well he was thinking what a stupid standard to impose on
oneself but then it was her right to decide what was best for her husband-to-
be. Wow, only twice every three months? Why bother?”

She bounced a few times and then bent over to grab his testicles. A lady would
call them testicles wouldn’t she?

“God you have huge balls!”

Waldo blinked.

“God you are so long. You are touching my cervix.”

Waldo erupted.

“Omigod, you came inside me.”

Oh another fucking rule?

“Omigod I’m shooting over your cum. I’ll be in a mess. I should have put you
in a condom.”

Oh no, not another rule. Oh crap, she wasn’t protected!

“At least I’m safe so no worries.”

Waldo relaxed.

“Omigod, you are thickening in me already. Should we go again?”

“I don’t know what the rule is about that situation baby.”

“Who makes rules about sex? Come on baby, let’s fuck. When I said I only have
sex twice every three months I forgot to add unless there are exceptional
circumstances. You are an exceptional circumstance. We gym bunnies talk about
fucking you and so far it appears you have had only about half of us.”

“Yeah, it appears I have a waiting list of around two hundred.”

“Omigod, aren’t I lucky, getting mine within an appointment,” Lindy giggled
and she then bellowed into a full release.

“God that was beautiful,” she puffed.

“Ready to go again?”

Lindy was impressed. “Yeah, give me half a minute to recover.”

As they looked down at the CBD they saw the flash of an explosion and moments
later heard the big bang.

Waldo said, “Oh fuck Bo.”

“Omigod Waldo, the poor little ferret. No more sex for me just now.”

“Good then get off my cock and we’ll drive down and take a look.”

A big crowd had gathered but they pushed through to the tape barrier. Lindy
and Waldo saw a small crater in the street and bits of metal and padding from
seating being inspected by bomb squad specialists. As they watched a guy
picked up a vehicle nameplate and called to his chief, “This says ESV.”

“Keep looking for real ID either of the occupants or the vehicle.”

“Come on,” Waldo said, pulling Lindy away by an arm.

“What is it?” she said, disgusted that Waldo was grinning.

“I figure the little asshole took the bomb back and planted it on The Hooker
brother’s car. Don’t you see Tony in the popular crime TV show The Sopranos
drove a Cady Escalade ESV?”

“I have no idea what he drove.”

“Well he did.”

“If you say so.”

Waldo scratched his jaw. “I can’t figure out how Bo would have detonated the
bomb to kill those bastards who’d robbed him and were trying to kill you and
not doubt would be after him?”

“Oh Bo you darling, my hero” Lindy sobbed. “I do hope you got away.”

Waldo’s jaw dropped, thinking he was now on the outer.

“Let’s go home and fuck and watch TV in the morning for details. I also get
the newspaper delivered.”

“Yes I’ll go home with you. It’s safer than going to my home but I don’t wish
to fuck, not while being so worried about dear Bo with me thinking he may have
given his life for me.”

That’s bullshit, Waldo snarled to himself, knowing he was the hero.

Lindy slept with him but wouldn’t allow Waldo to touch her. Grumpy he went to
sleep and in the morning tossed the newspaper at Lindy’s face, waking her. He
turned on TV.

“Well what does it say?”

_Investigators have pieced together sufficient fragments to have indicative
IDs that point to the occupants of the vehicle were two brothers and a known
male associate but are giving no other details as yet, other than to disclose
the vehicle was an Escalade ESV. No one else was thought to have been involved
and two bystanders received minor injuries from flying fragments. Speculation
the vehicle was blown up by an underground gas explosion has been discounted.
I called the security firm that monitors the gym and Gus the manager advised
me confidently that the guys blown up with the vehicle were The Hooker
brothers and their minder._

“Oh Bo lives. That’s wonderful,” Lindy cried.

“Not for those three guys,” Waldo said sourly.

“Oh darling get it up,” Lindy said, turning Waldo’s face into a huge smile. “I
just need to dash to the bathroom.”

This time Waldo was able to dick between Lindy’s tits and was delighted she
had a delightful pair just big enough to half capture his big dick.

At 11:00 Lindy and Waldo were at the gym and had the only option for late
breakfast of freshly squeezed fruit juice, crushed garlic, and chopped carrots
and kale simmered in buttermilk .

Waldo began questioning his gal to try to pin down the guy who wanted Lindy
exterminated.

“Right baby who wants to kill you?”

“Well I have fucked the occasional married guy and Bo will want me killed when
he discovers you’ve rutted me.

Waldo ignored that and demanded: “I want a list.”

“Okay.”

“My father could regard me as an intellectual threat because in being that I
might unseat him as chairman of the board.”

“Right, note down his name if you can remember it?”

“What?”

“That was a joke. What was that you said about intellectual superior?”

Lindy smiled graciously.

“Then there’s my younger sister and younger brother.”

“Why would they be considered suspects?”

“In granddad's will I succeed my father on his death as owner of the company.
Dad has been diagnosed to have liver cancer.”

“Ah, motive. If you die who does the inheritance pass to?”

“My sister and then my brother if he survives her.”

“Then who do you suspect?”

“Victoria my sister.”

Waldo was locked in thought so Lindy wandered off to swim in the pool nude
because she’d forgotten the combination to access the heated locker containing
her gym clothing.

* * *

Walking to the locker room Lindy thought she was waddling a little and gasped,
“Oh this is what it feels like to have been really fucked.”

She blushed hoping no one had heard her.

When undressing she blushed again, looking down at the red temporary blemishes
on her body plus a couple of bite marks. She and Waldo had been going at it
like two dogs on heat. Fortunately most marks were fairly well concealed as
they were on the inside of her upper thighs.

God Waldo could fuck. Sex in the car last evening was child’s play to what
they’d experienced this morning doing it doggy, his strong slow thrust making
her pant and when he began to squeeze her swinging boobs hard she’d though
she’d died and had gone to Fornicationland.

Swimming length after length Lindy thought Waldo appeared to be ready to use
his skills to solve the threat to her life. She should not have told him she
suspected Victoria might have hiring people to have her killed. He’d focus on
Victoria and clean up the case much quicker than what she’d like and then
leave her.

As Lindy swam on she was amazed she wasn’t crapping herself in fear of her
life being taken. She guessed the sexy Waldo had unleashed her endorphins and
that was curbing and fear that otherwise would have engulfed her. She felt
safe with Waldo being about, however emotionally stupid such a thought might
be.

Later when Lindy returned to Waldo’s office he put aside the papers he’d been
working on and said hi, staring at her.

Lindy’s heart fluttered. She thought she read sex and concern in his gaze, at
least she hoped that’s what the multi-expression was but she thought she saw
something else and knew what it was; he’d switched on to her and was now very
much attracted to her potential wealth.

“I know this is bad news for Bo because it will implicate him but I must urge
you to go to the police and have the crime unit investigate your plight. It is
no joke when someone is deliberately attempting to have you killed.”

“Then you investigate and employ guys to assist. I have plenty of money. I
don’t want Bo implicated. He’s save me from a really big threat.”

“Oh so that’s what you figure? I’ve figured that Bo put the bomb under their
SUV hoping the baddies would blow themselves up and that was designed to save
his own neck knowing the mob would be after him wanting their bomb back before
killing him and then having another go at having someone blow you up with the
recycled bomb.”

“Oh god. Bo had said he’d been asked to plant the bomb tonight under my car.”

“Yeah right. I can’t figure that if the brothers didn’t blow themselves up how
did Bo trigger the device? He could grab as many radio devices as he wished
but unless he had the correct frequency he’d be pushing buttons or turning
dials into Christmas without success.”

“I wouldn’t know and can’t see the connection with Christmas. Perhaps he broke
into their vehicle to find something incriminating, set off the alarm and by
chance found the detonating device between the front seats. After running off
he played with it and the bomb went off, Bo being unaware the hoods had
started off in pursuit.”

Waldo stared at Lindy.

“What?”

“You are not just a woman with a pretty face, pretty tits and a pretty pussy
are you?”

She blushed and mumbled she’d never heard of any man calling a pussy pretty.

“Look, I have a well-paying job in the freight company my father now owns. I
manage the communications division that includes IT. Granddad also left me a
cash legacy. Please take money from me to recruit the support your effort to
crack this. I don’t want the cops involved because they may not be so dumb and
manage to implicate Bo.”

“Okay but I still have to give attention to the gym. If I can keep on fucking
you I won’t accept payment. In fact you should live with me for greater
safety. Tell your family you’ve met a worthy boyfriend at last. I’ll recruit
some ex-Navy guys to keep members of your family under surveillance 24/7 and
to hire stealth equipment so my team can listen in on conversations and
telephone calls. Most people wouldn’t use emails if trying to recruit people
to kill someone because people who do that usually get caught. They know by TV
cop and spy shows the safest way is still a clandestine meeting someone way
out in the open.”

“Okay, I’ll shift in with you. God I’m thirty and overdue to meet a worthy
boyfriend. But why go to the extra expense by maintaining covert surveillance
on all of my family?”

“Because that’s what we need to do and then may still miss the mark. Remember
you only suspect sister Victoria.”

“Oh yeah. Now who had the pretty face with a pretty chest and a pretty cock?”

“Um guys don’t think females regard cocks as being pretty.”

“When I suck yours and look at it and see my dribble on it I think yours is
the most beautiful cock I’ve ever seen, er when erect.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Yeah.”

“Okay lock the door and I’ll clear the desk.”

“Sorry, I’m off to my office. I phoned to report I’d be in very late."

“Damn.”

Lindy giggled but once outside the office she became serious. When would the
next attempt be made and by whom, how and from what direction? This was scary.
By calling the office her family knew she was still alive and for at least one
of them that would be disappointing news.

Oh crap.

Arriving in her office Lindy phoned the car hire people and told them to take
the vehicle back and to refund the insurance company. They wanted to argue
about the big penalty for early cancellation so she said, “I have received a
threat that my car will be blown up.” She cut the call and half an hour later
her mother called and said the people who’d delivered her car earlier had
taken it away.

“That’s okay. I had a change of mind mum. I’m going to live with a guy who’ll
drive me around.”

“But how can you meet a guy? You rarely go out at nights or weekends and then
usually with gay women?”

“The guy took one look at my ass and said hi and mum I melted. Bye.”

A few minutes later her father Jack came into Lindy’s office.

“Your mother has just called worried you’ve picked up some slime-ball off the
street.”

“Wasn’t that how you and mummy met?”

“God you can be so difficult at times. Get on with your work. You were late in
today, very late in.”

“Okay daddy darling. Don’t forget I know something mummy doesn’t know YET,
that you and Mrs Oliver are more than good friends.”

“Fuck you Lindy,” he said angrily and strode out, slamming her door shut.

Lindy called her PA in and they worked fast to bring Linda Amelia Ashley’s
work up to date. The company was the largest road, sea, and rail and air
shipper within 500 miles and had the largest workforce in the city outside of
the city council and the arms of state and federal government now that
forestry and mining operators had all but disappeared from the region.

Later Lindy called Waldo and asked what he was doing.

“I’m allowing my genitalia to recover before you begin seducing me tonight.”

She laughed.

“Listen could you bring me here each morning and take me home at nights until
you nail that mother-fucker who’s terrorizing me?”

“Yeah, good thinking. Should a lady be using that horrible word?”

“Being terrorized means my standards are dropping darling. I figure I’m most
vulnerable when moving about the city.”

“Good thinking. I have guys lined up only too happy to assist. What we need
from you are details of each member of your family, plus sketchy details of
normal movements, who are their very close associates, identify of the
vehicles of your family and close associates, what make and model of cell
phones they use and what company is their cell phone provider.”

“Do you really need all that detail? Why not just detail about Victoria?”

“I told you. You are only suspicious that Victoria is masterminding this
threat to your life. Suspicion is not sufficient. I want all of your family
under surveillance and checked out. Get me those lists okay?”

“Very well.”

“There’s a meeting at our house tonight with these guys, fifteen of them. I
want them to see you and talk with you socially so they are quite sure you’re
a dame worth saving. These guys are retired so they’ll only think about
shafting you, being unable to get it up.”

“Oh dear, the filth generated by males.”

“But they’ll take their work seriously. They will be paid the going rates. I
best draw up a budget for you.”

“It’s okay, I have plenty of money.”

“Honey if this sting goes on for long it could mount to tens of thousands of
dollars.”

“No problem. Money will be useless to me if I’m killed. Come er arrive for me
here at 6:30.”

“Okay, I know the building but front door baby. No side doors or back doors
for you until this thing is over. You don’t even go to a restroom without me
providing cover.”

“Oh good. You’ll be able to hold it for me.”

“Hold what? You’re female.”

“My handbag silly.”

Waldo snickered and then said she was not to step out of the building until he
was in position and phoned her.

**More Coming**

