### VIGILANTE IN A CORRUPT PALACE by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-08-27. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** After being kicked out of school for a fight with his track coaches a sixteen-year-old self-proclaimed “vigilante” embarks on a quest to rid his school and his town of corruption, hoping to perhaps inspire people everywhere to fight back against what the world has become. 

* * *

**_Vigilante in a Corrupt Palace_**

It is the spring of 2004. Enter our protagonist, Hal McCaven, a sixteen-year-
old high school sophomore and mediocre track team mid-distance runner. He is
angry, but so is the world around him. Gone are the carefree days of the 1990s
when suburban middle class America could be parodied in games like
_Earthbound_. Hal’s world is now one of terrorism, war, corruption, and
fatalism. Those of his generation officially grew up and declared their
childhoods over on September 11th 2001\. They knew peace in their lifetime was
gone and gone for good. Technology wouldn’t just be used for flash animation
websites anymore, but to bring virtual, but still quite literal, death to
millions. They haven’t quite come to grips with all this yet. Now the Iraq War
dominates the headlines, troop fatalities are mounting, homefront support is
waning, and men just two years older than Hal are making the ultimate
sacrifice on a daily and all too regular basis. The Iraq War is what they have
instead of a blithe adolescence. The American dream itself is dead, shot down
on the battlefields of Iraq. He is troubled by the war, he’s disturbed most
people do not seem to care about it in the slightest; he’s bothered he’s seen
as crazy for caring “too much” about a distant conflict directly involving a
fraction of a percent of the country’s population.

Standing six feet tall, semi-muscular in frame, and lean with mud colored
eyes, Hal sees his high school as representative of everything wrong with the
world. From the janitors to the students to the administrators, everyone just
seems to be constantly trying to “pull one over” on the other, stepping on
whomever, whenever to get the slightest “edge” in the ruthless cage match that
is middle class America. Drug abuse is prolific, 400 students in the district
last year were treated for heroin addiction. Nepotism is rampant; the cops are
related to the teachers who are related to the administrators who are related
to the students who are related to the athletic director and so on and so
forth. Taxes are raised just so the epically corrupt school board can embezzle
more money on no-bid construction contracts (having “friends” in the company,
of course). No one complains because everyone is in on it, as long as those
with power and sway get their piece, not a word of protest is uttered. The
youth are too busy shooting up, the rest of the population are busy working
twelve hour days just to break even. A rule was established long ago in this
town….nothing changes, ever.

Among all this, Hal is as alienated and isolated as a hermit on an island. He
doesn’t have internet access at his house nor a cell phone. Raised religious,
he rejects the drugs and always pursues honesty. He’d starve before stealing
and therefore tarnishing his record. Thus everything around him disgusts him.
His family berates him for his lack of social success in such an environment,
but what can he do? He’s as different from them as an alien species; he
couldn’t go along with it even if he tried. The world shrugged and gave up on
a meaningful life when those towers came down and the Iraq War started, but he
didn’t. He has the burning need to do _something_, to fight the corruption
around him, to set an example, to inspire others, even if it’s just one other,
to wake up, to break the matrix. He knows to do so though would be to risk his
very life. To go against such an overwhelming and mutually supporting system
might very well be suicide. His own family and friends tell him not to rock
the boat, to just accept it all, the empty promise that it will be “better” in
a few years (which years?) repeated on into infinity. Maybe all he needs is a
push.

Thus we arrive at the beginning of our story. Hal is plodding along to the
offices near his school’s locker rooms, going to a meeting with his track
coaches, Louis and Hughes. He missed a track meet on purpose to catch up on
his honors class’s homework, being absent earlier in the week due to a field
trip. Now they’re mad, they demand an explanation. He is one of the few mid-
distance runners they have; the failure of a team has been losing every meet
on the schedule. The coaches, the brutal, steroid chugging Louis and the
clueless idiot Hughes, feel helpless. They, like Hal, want to do _something_
about their situation, but they can’t, the spark just isn’t there, and thus
they’ve chosen Hal as their scapegoat, their object of anger.

Hal is already on edge, he was already pissed off. So were they. It doesn’t
take long for an argument to erupt. Yelling, shouting, accusations, curses
follow. Then something in Hal finally snaps, he’s finally been pushed, this
seemingly minor incident between three people all experiencing the same
feelings of helplessness about their general life situation has ironically
brought it about. He loses it, he strikes them, beats them, bashes their faces
with a closed fist. Louis and Hughes are so stunned they barely react to block
the blows. Hal wasn’t stronger, just madder. The fight, rather the beating,
would have gone on longer, perhaps even been fatal had Madsen, a visiting
coach, friend of Louis and Hughes, and an ex-Army 101st Airborne Division
pathfinder not intervened with his personal Kahr Arms PM9 handgun, pressing
the barrel right up against the back of Hal’s head, just so he gets the
message. Hal surrenders and accepts his punishment. Three weeks of school
suspension (no charges were pressed as the coaches didn’t want an
investigation) and the further derision of his family. Hal is picked up from
school by his disappointed grandfather and taken to his home instead of his
parent’s house. Hal wants to temporarily put off the storm he knew would
result from his actions at school and clear his mind, process things.

At his grandfather’s house he watches a report on the Iraq War, witnesses a
video played on the national news of an American Bradley armored vehicle being
attacked. The Bradley slows to a final halt after being hit with an anti-tank
rocket, it’s five occupants dead. Five more dead, five more gaping holes torn
in lives forever, five more people who as much as their loved ones will try to
remember, the memory of will inevitably become dimmer and dimmer as the years
pass. Time defeats everyone, everything. Nothing lasts, nothing can last.
Depressed, frustrated, angry, over the edge, he turns off the TV and storms
upstairs into the humid, desolate, abandoned attic of his grandfather’s house.
It is here, as the sweat drips off his face, that he decides to fight back
once and for all. It can’t get any worse and he has nothing to lose. Nothing
will change without action. He is already in deep, might as well dig himself
deeper.

Hal thinks of who he could take out in the town if he could take out anyone.
Hompesh is the first name he can think of, the uberly amoral town councilman
and school board president. Everything leads back to him, he has a hand in
every corruption ring, every dirty pocket in town. Some even say he has a hand
in bringing in the heroin that has destroyed many a youth in town. That would
send a message. That would scare everyone. He needs a weapon though, he needs
a means. Hal remembers the childhood rumors of a case containing his
grandfather’s World War II era weapons that he brought back from the war,
perfectly preserved, fully functional, hidden in the attic. It only takes a
few minutes for him to find it and pry open the case. Inside is everything he
could ever need, better than he ever could have hoped or dreamed for. As he
looks over the contents, he takes it as an omen (though he’s given up on
religion in recent years) that this was his intended path.

In the case are a German Panzerfaust rocket launcher, a German Luger pistol,
an American M1 Garand rifle, a German MP40 submachine gun, and an American M3
“Grease Gun” submachine gun. All with one clip each, the ammunition was in the
case as well, all Hal had to do was load them up. He’d played enough World War
II video games to know how to do that, and operate the weapons themselves. He
only has a few shots. He has to make them count. Every bullet would have to be
a message, a hole torn in the decaying Great Society. He immediately begins to
plan; he conceals the weapons in his book-bag and gym-bag and hides the
original case. He asks his grandfather to take him home (as he cannot drive),
despite the coming verbal massacre from his parents, he feels optimistic,
good, for the first time in a long time.

Later that night in his room, after the verbal whipping and parental cries of
“whats wrong with you,” Hal formulates his plan. He aims to assassinate
Hompesh as he leaves an upcoming Board of Education meeting. Board meetings
always take place at the high school. This way he’ll know where he is and what
path Hompesh’s car is taking out of the school grounds (as the parking lot
only has one exit). After a late night scouting mission that he conceals as a
long distance running practice, he picks out an ambush spot and further
contemplates all the details of the plan. As he falls asleep that night, he
settles on the Panzerfaust as his weapon of choice for the mission, in the
far-flung hope that the initial explosion will be so unexpected that people
(and investigators) will simply think it’s a vehicle malfunction and he may
escape initial suspicion.

As the night of the meeting approaches Hal conducts more scouting missions and
some dry runs of his operation, all in disguise of running practices. He
chooses to shoot from a sewer duct, which although is not recommended for the
weapon’s use, is an ideally concealed spot and easy to escape from unnoticed.
Everything is set, everything is perfect. The door is open for him. The night
of the mission it is raining steadily, he sets out with the Panzerfaust in a
back pack; he doesn’t run, but creeps along, sticking to the shadows, wearing
all black clothing, even a little face-paint. He climbs down into the sewer
duct and waits, getting more wet and disgusting by the minute. After waiting
an eternity and nearly falling asleep, in addition to wrestling with his
nagging doubts, Hal finally sees Hompesh’s car approach.

With a whoosh the rocket takes off, hitting the car’s gas tank and causing the
whole vehicle to burst into flames, instantly incinerating Hompesh.
Temporarily deaf and blind, Hal scampers away back down the sewer, retracing
his steps to get to the surface. In a rush of adrenaline and panic, he thinks
he hears someone chasing him in the sewer. He dismisses it as “first time
killing fear” and eventually escapes the sewer, smelling, sweating, panicking.
Slowly, trying not to look like he is too much in a hurry, he makes his way
home. He never stops shaking. He buries the now useless launcher in his
backyard. He showers, then immediately goes to bed, haunted. The rain never
lets up.

The next morning, the incident is all over the news and the town’s paper. It’s
been ruled an accident for now, but a local resident recalls seeing a streak
of light seemingly fly in from a nearby sewer duct just moments before the
explosion. A special forensics team is being sent in by the state to
investigate. Hal begins to dread his ultimate demise, but cannot turn back
now, he chose this path, he knew it’d be hard, he knew there would be
sacrifices. All he can do now, is move forward, continue with his quest.
Looking for a distraction, he learns he has a track meet today and he is
expected to be there as despite the fight with Louis and Hughes, he is the
only mid-distance runner they have. Hal decides to double-down, to recommit to
the task at hand. He grabs his track clothes and the German Luger pistol and
sets off for the track meet. He says goodbye to his mother as she drops him
off, as he has a creeping feeling he’ll never see her again.

At the meet, Hal isolates himself, but can still feel the tension in the air.
When his turn comes to compete, he runs his best 400-meter race of the season.
He was ten meters ahead of his closest opponent. The desperation of survival,
finality of his actions, and the grimness of impending doom propel him forward
with a superhuman drive the other runners can’t even come close to matching.
Just before the finish line he notices Louis and Hughes, looking on, smiling.
Hal stops abruptly, the other runners all finish before him, then he casually
walks across the finish line. He’d rather lose than help them out. Terrible
leaders don’t deserve good soldiers. He knows they’ll explode; it’ll give him
a reason. Louis flips out on Hal as he walks off the track and Hal merely
calmly stands there taking the verbal assault. Finally, after a particularly
stinging insult, Hal loses it. He raises a clenched fist to strike Louis’s
demented face once again. However, just at that moment, Madsen again
intervenes, grabbing Hal’s arm and pulling out his Kahr Arms PM9 once again.
The rage is too strong to stop, it’s fight or die for Hal now. He pretends to
acquiesce for a second before abruptly back kicking Madsen causing him to fall
to the ground. Madsen’s PM9 handgun discharges accidentally when he hits the
ground. The stray shot ricochets off a field goal marker and hits Anthony,
Hal’s only friend on the team, in the head. Anthony collapses face first on
the field, dead. Hal, seeing Anthony die, totally loses it once and for all.
Now his rebellion is open. The nervousness of yesterday is gone, now it’s all
adrenaline. He punches Louis in the face, just to stun him. Hal runs over to
his gym bag and retrieves the German Luger pistol. Madsen slowly gets up in
the meantime and sees Hal arming himself. They both raise their guns at each
other in the same moment. Hal gets off the first shot, putting a bullet
through Madsen’s forehead, causing him to fall backwards dead. Louis then
charges Hal, his scapegoat fantasies of Hal now a horrifying reality. Hal
subsequently shoots Louis twice, killing him as he runs. The ever clueless,
slow witted Hughes tries to throw javelins and other track equipment at Hal,
but he too is soon shot and killed with two rounds from Hal’s Luger. Everyone
else on the field screams as they flee the area, not even chancing a glance at
Hal. Hal, stunned himself for a moment, regains his composure, gathers his
gear and runs into the woods behind the track. The post-killing panic is gone
now. He shakes from adrenaline withdrawal not from fear. As he scales a chain
link fence at the edge of the woods, he fleetingly thinks of how straight he
was able to shoot.

While running through the bramble and brush, Hal encounters his friend and
classmate, Samsung, who happens to be meditating in the woods at the time,
practicing his Buddhist faith. Hal informs him of his quest and what he’s
done, knowing he can always be honest with Samsung. Despite the non-violent
teachings of his faith, Samsung acknowledges that Hal is correct in what he is
doing since everyone and everything else failed to do _something _and society
has strayed too far from God. Hal recalls how his generation has the highest
percentage of atheists in their ranks, more-so than any other generation since
the dawn of time. Hal thanks Samsung, then takes off for his house, gradually
making his way through the woods. By now he is a wanted man for the three
“murders” at the track meet and police are swarming the streets, decked out in
all their militarized army surplus gear. The police seem to be ready for a war
nowadays, but against whom? Achingly slowly he makes his way yard by yard to
his parent’s house. It takes over an hour to make the two mile journey, but he
makes it. Quickly changing, grabbing the rest of the weapons, some food,
drinks, and other essential supplies at the house, Hal takes a final last look
at the place. He realizes he can never come back here again and feels….sad, a
fact that surprises him.

Hal reenters the woods from his backyard and continues trekking aimlessly
downstate, losing all sense of time, space, purpose, even hope. He treks all
day and into the night, the distant sirens of police cars eventually fading
away. He sticks to the woods and never dares to expose himself even for a
minute. Police patrols have been increased all over the state, a price is on
his head, and the special forensics team sent in to investigate the Hompesh
hit are now combing over the crime scenes he has created and following every
lead called in. Hal is in his darkest hour. As he is trooping along through
the woodlands by a major highway he observes people in their cars, in their
own private worlds. They seem happy, but he knows it’s just an illusion.
Inside they all carry the same darkness he does. They’ve given up just as he
has, perhaps more-so even. They’ll never fight the current; the flow of the
world will take them wherever it wants. Governments and corporations are
deciding where to usher those people next right this very minute. Still at the
sight of their happiness, Hal considers his own suicide. He eventually beds
down and falls asleep inside a fallen, hollowed out tree trunk, the pale green
glow of the “nightvision mode” on his watch the only light he has.

When he wakes the next morning, he realizes by seeing the calendar on his
watch that his friend’s band is playing in a battle of the bands competition
in the nearby town of Astbury Heights today. Astbury is a town resembling a
post-apocalyptic world, it looks like a war went through it, only one didn’t,
people just stopping caring and the elites never stopped exploiting. Heroin
also hit the town hard, now heroin is Astbury’s chief export. Hal resolves to
meet his friend at the competition, if for nothing else then because he
doesn’t know where to go from here, his quest at an infuriating stalemate
during the harsh, long, agonizing hours he spent in the wilderness. He throws
caution to the wind, hikes to the town, then walks in board daylight down the
street to the competition. Most of the townspeople are probable criminals or
at least accessories, they’d be damned if they ever called the cops, even to
report a killer like Hal. The competition is being held in a small club that’s
little more than a single room with a bar and a stage. Hal listens outside the
venue for the songs of his friend’s band, he thinks of his next move as he
waits to hear the familiar rhythms. He decides to be more spontaneous from now
on, not much he can do now anyway, he can’t live perpetually like this, hell a
single day in the wild nearly killed him. He hears the song “Now Believe” by
his friend’s band and enters, appropriate he thinks, a song about betrayal,
anger, vengeance. In-between songs Hal sets his pack on the side of the stage
and addresses his friend, Jayson, a bassist in the band, directly. Jayson,
happy to see him, thinking his whole quest to be “cool,” grabs Hal’s arm and
drags him on stage. Jayson says a few joking words into the microphone with
Hal standing by his side. Hal grimaces, nothing good can come of this and he
knows it. While some in the club laugh, others realize Hal from news reports.
The room is packed nearly shoulder to shoulder with people. Some exit the club
looking to assemble a posse to take Hal out. Others begin shouting that Hal is
the highly wanted perpetrator of the “track meet massacre.” An armed gang
member, who himself was about to conduct a hit on someone in the club, scrubs
his mission, raises his sawed-off Remington express magnum shotgun and fires
it at the stage. In an instant, gunfire erupts from several sources in the
club, raking the stage, killing Jayson and every member of the band. Hal is
somehow shielded from the fire by a keyboard and Jayson’s body. He crawls off
the stage and grabs his pack, pulling out the M3 “Grease Gun” submachine gun.
In a burst of rage and newfound courage, he takes cover behind an amplifier
and blasts back at the gunmen in the club, the room so filled with smoke the
muzzle flashes look like lightening bugs on a summer evening. The bartender
whips out a Mag-7 semiautomatic shotgun and shoots at both Hal and the other
various gunmen in the club. The gunmen in the firefight include gang members,
mercenaries, vigilantes, off duty cops, and off duty soldiers, firing
everything from cheap spray guns like Tec-9s to expensive Sig Sauer
semiautomatics. Aiming from muzzle flash to muzzle flash using short, quick
bursts, Hal manages to kill four of the attackers before his “Grease Gun” runs
dry. Though he cannot revel at his accuracy, he notes with irony that shooting
appears to be the first and only hobby he was ever a “natural” at. Someone
kills the bartender and the fatal fusillade ignites the alcohol on the shelves
behind him, swiftly, within seconds the whole club is aflame. Smoke fills the
room and many gunmen are just firing randomly, blindly now. Hal jumps from the
stage and throws aside his spent “Grease Gun” before noticing Leslie, a very
attractive Latin American woman, known to him through a now dead member of the
band. She’s pinned down by gunfire, hiding aside the stage. Hal, without
thinking, grabs her hand and tells her they’re getting out of there. He picks
up his burning pack, pats out the flames on it, then with Leslie in tow, kicks
down a door and escapes the hellish inferno of the club.

At last outside the club, Hal and Leslie sprint several blocks away as the
police and fire departments start to arrive. The building eventually collapses
in on itself, killing all who remain inside. After they’re a safe distance
away, Hal and Leslie hide in an alley and he explains his situation.
Essentially, he’s on a quest to eliminate corruption and so far has succeeded,
but at the same time, he is a wanted man, and only getting more wanted by the
minute. Leslie decides to help him and not turn him in as being an 18-year-old
Marine who vehemently disagrees with the Iraq War yet is still scheduled for
deployment in a few weeks, she sympathizes with his quest and his need to do
_something_. In the past few weeks as the reality of going to war has come
closer to her than she ever dreamed it would, she’s pondered why things aren’t
different, if it’s all worth it, how the whole war seems to be an evil game to
enrich the corrupt elite, not different from one local drug dealer stomping on
another to get three kilos instead of two. She shares many of the same
feelings of disillusionment that Hal does, but dares not reveal it. She simply
didn’t have the moral courage for it. Back in the present, she and Hal decide
to rent a cheap motel room where they can plan their next move. Escaping
Astbury Heights with all the heat (no doubt that special forensics team will
be here within the hour) out and about is utterly unthinkable at the moment.
They calmly walk to a motel, get a room under fake names, and wait.

Once in the room they relax, eat, rest and talk for endless hours, their
chemistry apparent. Hal details his quest to her from the beginning; she lets
him in on her feelings of dread and hopelessness regarding her upcoming
deployment to the most violent province in Iraq. After a while they go to the
bathroom together to wash the bloodstains, smoke, and grime off themselves.
Topless, they wash themselves whilst staring into a mirror. Hal is overcome by
an urge for her, a longing, with his newfound courage (talking to girls is
easy after shooting someone dead), he makes his move. Leslie reciprocates,
confessing that she, too, has feelings for him. Feelings she had previously
been unable to express. Smiles, closeness, hands wander, they kiss. They
undress, they caress, they kiss faster, more intensely. She pushes him back
into the shower, the water is turned on, they embrace. Hal enters her, they
consummate in the most intimate way, Leslie takes his essence. Hal was a
virgin, but she couldn’t have guessed it, everything seemed so right, so
natural in that moment. They move to the bed, they start again, Leslie losing
herself whilst moaning on top. Again, she takes his essence. They fall into a
restless slumber together. Leslie knows she is not on the pill and thinks of
the potential consequences as she falls asleep. If Hal has impregnated her, at
least she’ll be excused from active duty in Iraq. It may save her life. Hal
sleeps the whole night through without waking for the first time since he can
remember.

The morning after, they enjoy a short, cordial breakfast together after which
Hal comes to the brutal conclusion that Leslie must leave immediately and
never contact him again. She is a good woman and he doesn’t want to drag her
down with him when he is already a dead man. Leslie, still ruminating on her
possible pregnancy, tearfully accepts the reality of the situation. They kiss
one last time and she exits the room, leaving the door open as she goes. Hal
has a mental breakdown after she leaves, but knows nothing can be done; he
couldn’t have her going to jail over him. She couldn’t help him, as it was
from the start, it’s all on him. In a rage, he collects his gear and leaves
the room, not even bothering to check out, feeling, sensing rather, that this
is going to be his last day.

Walking down the street in broad daylight, he knows he is asking for it and
soon enough the cosmic forces of the universe give it to him. Hal was
aimlessly wandering around Astbury Heights, no plan, no guidance, no wish, but
to have the unattainable Leslie one last time, when there it was, plain as
day, he couldn’t mistake it in a million lifetimes. A man carrying an
apparently “heavy” white shopping bag walks right by him…and into a doorway,
leaving the door open, almost inviting Hal in. Hal peers in and sees the man
unload a pack of heroin from the shopping bag and put it on a folding table,
others gather around the table and they begin to break it up, pulling plastic
wrap around certain chunks for future resale. Hal smirks as he pulls the
German MP40 submachine gun from his backpack, he’d never let such an
opportunity go to waste.

Hal charges in firing as he runs straightaway killing three of the dealers
around the table in his opening burst. He runs over to the table and knocks it
over, he stomps on the heroin packets, rubbing his muddy, crusty shoes in the
fine white dust that’s ruined so many lives. A man emerges from a bathroom in
the upper right-hand corner of the room and Hal promptly guns him down. He
laughs as he fires, enjoying the submachine gun vigorously vibrating in his
hands. Another man lying on an adjacent couch caught completely off guard by
the assault reaches for a nearby Saturday night special revolver on a glass
table. Hal turns and hoses him down with a burst. Couch stuffing flies into
the air. Behind Hal a man appears in the doorway of the apparent drug-house,
brandishing a two-tone Glock 19 handgun. Upon taking in the scene, absorbing
what it means, he raises his Glock and fires at Hal just as Hal turns around
and sees him. Hal is grazed on the side of his chest, by his ribs, the pain is
intense, but he is used to pain from his constant multi-mile long runs.
Squeezing the trigger and emptying the rest of the thirty-two-round magazine,
Hal fatally wounds the assailant. He stumbles backwards, staggers across the
sidewalk and falls dead in the street. Hal flings the empty MP40 submachine
gun over his shoulder and runs out the open door. By the time he is outside he
can already see police cars in the distance, rushing towards him, sirens
wailing. Thinking fast, he dashes down a side street. He spots a commuter
train slowly trundling by on a rail line at the end of the street. He sprints
with his last breath down to the train, using his very last ounce of strength
to fling himself onto it, desperately clawing at the door handle.

A conductor opens the door and drags him in, thinking it’s just another tramp
looking for a free ride. Hal catches his breath and stands up tall, towering
over the conductor, he pulls the Luger from his pack and presses it into his
stomach. He orders the conductor away, then he menaces the rest of the car
with the pistol, causing all to flee and scream. Unexpectedly the train jerks
to a halt, nearly causing him to topple over. Hal sighs. He knows what is
coming next. He even sits down in a chair and waits for it. Within a few
minutes, a sharply dressed man in a suit slowly crouch walks into Hal’s car,
pointing a Sig Sauer directly ahead of himself as he goes. The man doesn’t
even get a word out before Hal jumps from behind a seat, Luger in hand, firing
as fast as he can. The finely suited man falls dead over a seat, his hand
hanging limply in the aisle. The Luger’s slide locks back, Hal tosses it to
the floor, spent. Hal looks down the corridor at the next car only to see a
team of similarly dressed men scurry back the way they came shouting warnings
and giving commands. It’s time for the final act. It is inevitable. Hal has
danced his last dance. Despite doing all that he did to fight corruption,
crime, save innocents, and make the world a better place, he is going to be
demonized, put on trial, and imprisoned for life. No question about it. Well,
you can’t put a dead person on trial. He won’t give them the satisfaction, a
cut and dry end to this whole thing may anger them more, hurt them more, and
cause more positive change then a drawn out, public trial and society getting
back at the “murderer” will. He decides to be a martyr, in spite of his
intense yearning to make love to Leslie one more time. Maybe some won’t see
him the way “they” do, he consoles himself. He walks over to his pack and
pulls out his last weapon, the M1 Garand rifle.

Thoughtlessly, wordlessly, he walks to the nearest window on the train.
Outside police squad cars line the streets, officers crouching behind the
doors of their vehicles point Colt Pythons at the train. Hal smashes the
window with the butt of the rifle and then deliberately exposes himself too
much trying to get a better shot. Without hesitation, he fires the remaining
bullets from his M1 Garand at the surrounding police as fast as he can pull
the trigger, killing a nearby officer and wounding two more. This deliberate
provocation coupled with Hal exposing himself from cover just a bit too much
draws a torrent of gunfire from the police. Hal is hit multiple times,
including a few times in the head, and falls back into the train, dead. In
essence he committed suicide by cop, because he deliberately showed himself to
fire, a rookie tactical mistake. However, knowing he was already dead, he
wanted to die in a manner of his choosing, that being, going out in a rage,
taking as many of “them” as he could. The last thing he sees in this world is
the yellow afternoon sunshine, burning his face, shining through the shattered
train window.

In the aftermath, it is revealed that the man Hal killed on the train was the
leader of the special forensics team sent in to investigate the initial
Hompesh blast. On the night of the assassination, he was by chance out for a
jog and heard the direction of the shot, guessed it was from the sewer and
even climbed down into the sewer duct to investigate. He heard footsteps, but
couldn’t locate the suspect. The next day he was one of the first on the scene
of the track field shooting, then the day after he reported to the scene of
the club arson/shootout. He spent the whole night investigating the incident
and in the morning drove with his partner to get a coffee at a local
convenience store. At that time he came upon the drug-house shooting scene and
witnessed Hal run down the side street and leap onto the train. He made a
detour and had the train stopped at the next crossing. Then he and his partner
made entry onto the train, backed up by a few plainclothes Astbury Heights
police officers. Proceeding cautiously into a seemingly empty car, the
forensics team leader was ambushed and killed by the very same man he almost
caught red-handed two days earlier. The very same man who had lived on the
same street as him for years, but whom he had somehow never noticed. The team
leader’s police funeral was held on the same day that a former teacher from
out-of-state was elected president of the school board as Hompesh’s
replacement. Also that same day, for the first time that year, the town goes a
full twenty-four hours without recording a single heroin overdose among its
residents.

Months later, after the funerals, after the TV documentaries, interviews,
investigations, hearings, news coverage, civil suits, analyzing, accounting,
re-analyzing, and psychoanalyzing, in an off-base housing unit in California,
Leslie lays on her bed, stroking her now heavily pregnant stomach through her
Marine Corps battle dress uniform. “Thank you,” she whispers aloud into the
infinity of space and time.

