### Saving Lindy Ashley Ch. 2 by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-08-28. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A team is put together to bring down those threatening the life of Lindy. She suspects her sister is behind the attacks and is shocked to learn her mother is on the list of suspects. Lindy finds old Waldo is great at sex. 

* * *

** **

Most of the guys were either drinking rum or beer in the basement gym when
Lindy Ashley walked in, wearing her most conservative dress but that still
revealed plenty. Conversations died and someone muttered, “Holy shit.”

“Guys this is the lady that is our mission to defend and take-out or
preferably disable the person or persons threatening her life,” Waldo said.

“Aye, aye sir,” called a burly an almost completely bald guy with washy blue
eyes.

“Sam cut the crap. This is a civilian operation. You lead Alpha team assigned
to watch, study and take any desirable action in respect of Lindy’s sister
Victoria; Larry leads Beta assigned to brother Peter and Chip leads Charlie
assigned to cover Lindy’s dad Jack.”

“What about mom?” Lindy said sarcastically. “She could easily favor Victoria
over me. In fact she does.”

Waldo said, “I have assembled females for the Delta team to cover your mom.
They will be briefed and work separately because some of them are now married
and were a rather concerned about mixing again with naval men and knowing how
the core of their brain dwells on women.”

“Oh god then my mother is a suspect?”

“Lieutenant Waldo S. Jones didn’t make a name for himself as a platoon OIC by
making stupid mistakes during covert operations by missing any possibilities
Miss Ashley.”

“Sam what did I say about titles?”

“Sorry Waldo.”

“And that goes for me. I’m Lindy to you guys and thanks for being meticulous.
I could never see my mom as a suspect and that could easily be a fatal
oversight. Would someone hand me a Bud light?”

Three were lobbed from the back of a group and Lindy caught the closest can
one-handed just out from her left-hand side, waist high and scarcely appearing
to line it up.

The guys grinned, most impressed. Waldo had caught the other two, looking
slightly ham-fisted compared with his babe.

Lindy opened the can, allowing the ‘fizz’ to spray away from her, took a swig
and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.

“Did I do that correctly guys?”

They chorused yes.

“Waldo may I brief the guys about what is scaring the crap out of me, why I
suspect my younger sister but accept your counsel that it could be anyone of
them or more than one of them and even someone outside my immediate family?”

“Please do.”

“And may I request one of the team leaders to substitute for you as escort
when you’re not available, working from Alpha down?”

“Sure.”

“Right guys, let’s begin with me telling what happened from the outset and
then move on to my jealous and slut of a little sister who smokes dope.”

The briefing took almost fifteen minutes, during which time Sam, aged in early
sixties, ambled over with a second beer for Lindy to receive a dazzling smile.
Oh boy, was he hooked.

“So you can see why I suspect my sister and why I can see why Lieutenant Waldo
Meticulous Jones is so far ahead of me in scanning for the enemy and it’s not
even funny. It’s scary. I guess an attempt with a knife or poisoned dart will
be next or someone will attempt to push me out of a window. I wish to tell you
this: if we nail this person or person beyond all reasonable doubt I will pay
everyone who has worked with Waldo on this sting from day one to the
conclusion 5000 bucks each and that includes you Waldo. With no rank you are
just one of the guys so no special favors with the payout.”

“Thanks Lindy. You briefed the guys well and the bonus offer is very generous
of you. We’ll take a fifteen-minute break for you to mingle with the guys and
then you should leave while we discuss tactics. It’s best you don’t know too
much and thereby begin relaxing thinking you are more secure. The danger will
come when professionals being engaged to disable you in some way believe you
have had time to become complacent and therefore vulnerable. We want you
appearing vulnerable because that gives us our best chance of catching them at
it.”

* * *

During very late dinner that night Waldo said he was very please with Lindy’s
performance.

“I think every guy we’ve assembled admired you and after your briefing
respects you and is concerned about your safely. This is a perfect start in my
opinion. Do you mind if we do something before you serve dessert?”

“No of course not,” Lindy said, thinking Waldo was going to issue her with a
long-barrel pistol and give her the first lesson on how to shoot it with
accuracy. But no, Waldo shifted some of the dishes aside and pulled Lindy to
her feet, lifted her on to the table and pulled off her panties.

“Ohmigod,” she giggled, caught completely by surprise.

Of course that’s a great way to be fucked.

Waldo went on to his knees and came up between her thighs, blowing and
snorting as he closed in his target. Lindy’s giggles died and she pressed his
head forward, her knees widening.

Later as she began snorting, with Waldo’s tiring tongue working over two of
his fingers strumming deep inside her, Lindy hit her clit and came like a
burst damn. Waldo had to carry her to the sofa for her to rest.

Lindy was served chocolate cake and coffee on the sofa. She stared at him as
he ate his cake enthusiastically unaware Lindy was thinking he was truly a
magnificent lover.

* * *

Ten days later came the breakthrough.

Lindy had been unaware a team of active seals, home on leave after a tour of
duty, were sharing watch on Lindy during the day.

She’d left the office and was walking to do personal shopping when two guys on
a motorcycle came in behind her. The pillion passenger could see he had clear
view of her and they came in close and he pulled out a pistol and took aim and
was pulling the trigger when a woman wheeling a young child in a stroller came
out of a store right in front of Lindy. The gunman lifted slightly and the
bullet hit the store window just above the two women, shattering glass.

The two guys in a car tailing Lindy radioed to their colleagues a hundred
yards in front and as the motorcycle accelerated the protection squad’s second
vehicle was turned in front of it. The rider turned sharply and both men on
the motorcycle came off and slid across the road. The navy men who’d had left
their cars, slewing across both lanes to stop traffic, rushed in to apprehend
the pair. The rider and passenger turned out to be a woman and a younger guy
who were too shaken at that moment to resist. Both had been injured when
tumbling off.

The senior navy man called the police who arrived in minutes and the offenders
were arrested. While that occurred the naval men just drove off. Other police
were down the street talking to Lindy and the woman with the stroller and
gathering details of other witnesses.

Lindy attempted to call Waldo but his phone was off air.

Waldo was already in position when the pair were bought in and booked after
receiving medical attention. They were taken away just as Lindy was brought in
as a material witness.

The police captain of course was hopping mad that a private sting had been
organized without the knowledge of the police. Patiently Waldo explained the
predicament.

“Then who is the organizer of these attacks?”

“You are about to find out for us,” Waldo grinned.

“Any more smart lip like that and you’ll spend time behind bars.”

“Captain, I need your investigators to go through the bank accounts of these
people looking for big cash withdrawals a week either side of these dates of
these three attacks on Miss Ashley.”

* * *

Next morning Waldo and Lindy rushed to see the captain at his request. All
that one of his team said was, “We’ve had success and have a member of the
family in here for questioning Miss Ashley. The captain invites you and Mr
Jones in to watch the interview with him behind one-way glass.”

Lindy cried as Victoria confessed and implicated her boyfriend Mason Thomas.
The senior interviewing officer issued an order for Mason Thomas to be brought
in for questioning. Victoria also claimed Mason was the driver of the stolen
van that had collided with Lindy’s sports car.

“Mason was a little high on pills at the time otherwise he may have succeeded
to kill Lindy,” Victoria wept. She then continued on to say she’d paid The
Hooker brothers $15,000 out of her grandfather’s inheritance to terminate
Lindy but all the brothers succeeded in doing was to blow themselves up.

She then paid $10,000 to younger friends of her boyfriend, who were always
involved in petty crime, to shoot Lindy on the street, promising then $50,000
because Lindy was taking on the appearance of being invincible.

“I’m sorry Miss Ashley about what your younger sister has done to you in
threatening your life,” the captain said to Lindy. “With the evidence already
assembled the court should put her and her boyfriend away for a long time on
serious criminal charges. When we take prints from her boyfriend when he’s
brought in we can expect a match with the prints we found on his coffee cup he
left in the van it appears he stole.”

Waldo was driving Lindy home when he took a call from the police asking could
he convey to Miss Ashley the tragic news that Mason Thomas had died fifteen
minutes ago when firing on police from the doorway of his parent’s house. He
took two bullets in the chest, each would have been fatal, and one policeman
was wounded lightly in the shoulder by a shotgun blast when fortunately he’d
been some distance from the assailant.

“I’ll tell her. Thanks sergeant.”

Waldo told her gently and Lindy cried, “Oh no, this will be bad for Victoria.”

“Why should you worry?”

“I want her to get fair justice when being sentenced.”

Waldo said carefully, “Well this may be a lucky break for her. If there is no
one else in the know she can lie and say she was forced to collaborate with
her boyfriend in this crime, that he masterminded it and forced her to provide
the money and do other things. She can make all sorts of allegations and will
be guided by her defense attorney.”

“I hope the lying bitch gets twenty years.”

“Ah, that’s my girl. You must seek legal redress so that a change is made to
your grandfather’s will so that Victoria can never be in line to inherit any
assets from you.”

* * *

Bo Short and Nancy Fletcher booked into a motel near a bus station.

“Have you got the size and horsepower to keep a gal like me happy?” she said,
as Bo poured her a whisky and soda.

Bo grinned. “Well we won’t know until we make out, will we?”

Three hours later Nancy said wearily, “Oh not again Bo, let’s get some
shuteye.”

Bo awoke to the smell of coffee and coming out of the bedroom found Nancy had
opened his black bag and was counting his money.

“What are you doing?”

“Counting your money. What have you got all those bank deposit slips for? Are
you aiming to deposit one buck at the time?”

“May I ask why are you counting my money?”

“To find out how much there is. I’ve counted it twice and there it amounts to
$3900 bucks. I suggest you place two thousand bucks of this money into a joint
fund and I will do the same and use that account to share our living expenses
while we fool around. Two signatures will be required to make a withdrawal and
that way you know you can trust me.”

“Oh.”

“You agree that’s a good idea then?”

“Er yes.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes. Um do you have two thousand to put into that account?”

“Of course I do,” Nancy said. “When my husband was fatally shot by a security
guard who ran amok I received an insurance payout and still have around one
hundred and eighty thousand of that left. Here, look in my handbag. I’m
carrying fifteen hundred bucks. My thinking is while we mess around together
it’s only fair we should split our joint expenses down the middle. I thought
the way you looked including your clothes you were a very low paid worker.”

“Oh yeah, I agree. I happened to come into a hefty amount of money, not
altogether illegally because the owners of it probably gained it illegally,
being small-time crooks. It was to get even because they stole from me.”

“Fair enough.”

“Between us we have enough money to buy a house.”

“So how much is a hefty amount of money?”

Bo grinned. “More than you have.”

“Christ. I’ve found myself a guy who is loaded,” Nancy grinned. “Come on,
let’s go out a have breakfast and by the time we are finished the banks will
be open and we can set up our joint account. I’ll pay for breakfast because
you were so great with me last night. I like nothing better than being pounded
until I get speed wobbles.”

Three weeks later Bo was watching TV news when Nancy and he were having a week
at a cheap resort and listened in disbelief about the shooting of a young guy
implicated a plot to murder a young woman out of her rightful inheritance if
she outlived her father. At that a picture of Lindy as the heiress came on
screen and standing alongside her was former navy seal hero, Lieutenant Waldo
Jones, who’d apparently used a team of current and retired seals to protect
Miss Lindy Ashley and help bring the downfall to the scheming dope addict and
his accomplice Victoria Ashley, Lindy Ashley younger sister. Waldo and Lindy
praised the police for their splendid work in assisting to solve the crime.

“Jesus,” said Bo.

Nancy who’d been following the new story asked, “Would you like to shaft her?”

“Yes, I mean no. I know them both and had to get out of town because three
guys were blown up in, er, an accident and they were after me because I knew
they were after Miss Ashley.”

“So you can go back now?”

“Well I’ll call Waldo. Want to come back with me? I work for him as an
associate.”

“Okay providing he says you are out of danger. I’m off to buy some underwear
so have a good talk to your boss while I’m away. You’ll have some explaining
to do.”

Bo made the call. “Hi boss, its Bo.”

“Who?”

“Your cleaner Bo Short.”

Holding back on his grin, Waldo said, “Listen buddy I don’t know what game
you’re pulling but my cleaner Bo Short was blown to smithereens in a bomb
explosion.”

“No I wasn’t boss. I planted it but then didn’t do nothing. Stupid Herb must
have played with the triggering device instead of himself. I was scudding down
a much smaller alley when I heard the bomb go off and the ground beneath me
shook. Fair go boss.”

“Well you sound a little ignorant like the Bo I used to know.”

“It’s really me boss. You pick your nose with your left hand when you’re
thinking and yet always scratch your balls with your right hand. You also…”

“Ohmigod, it really is Bo. How are you doing pal?”

“Just cruising actually. I broke into the SUV and found a wad of money under
the front seat and have teamed with a broad so am getting it four times a day,
more on Sundays.”

“Is that good?”

“I’m swimming in pussy pal. I’ve never had it so good. Can I come home and
back to my old job?”

“Yes, come as soon as you can. If it’s pussy you want Lindy will probably give
it to you. She calls you her hero.”

“Who’s Lindy?”

“Christ Bo, don’t you… Oh I see, a joke. This woman of yours must be raising
your IQ with her pussy.”

“I don’t know boss. Some guys say it’s a way to lose brains.”

“Bo, joking aside, can I tell Lindy you are definitely safe? She still worries
about you. I don’t want her worrying because she suspects she might be
pregnant and is having a test today.”

“Whose is it boss?”

“Why you little jerk… Oh, more humor is it?”

“Yes boss, with the gear you pack and your fitness Lindy would have no reason
to go off to get some on the side.”

“Oh Bo that’s a kind thing to say to me. Look, in recognition for what you did
for Lindy I’m making you assistant manager of the gym floor.”

“But we don’t have such a position.”

“Well we do now. The toilets are actually much cleaner now we have these two
Asian ladies on sub contract. I could face a revolt if I allowed you back in
there.”

“That’s okay boss I was bored doing that job anyway. Rewinding bits of rolls
to make full-size one used to send me around the bend.”

“Ah a joke?”

“No boss, I had to do it to keep my working hours up. Well I’ll probably see
you in two days’ time.”

“Great. Bring your woman with you if you wish and Lindy and I will take you
out to dinner to celebrate your promotion.”

“Gee thanks boss.”

“Um now you’re in management you should call me Waldo.”

“Right boss.”

**Conclusion Coming**

