### Saving Lindy Ashley Ch. 3 by kiwiYarns

**Date Added:** 2015-08-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Lindy now feels save and has two particular men to reward. 

* * *

Heiress Lindy Ashley and the chief of her privately assembly protection and
investigative team Waldo went to the bus station to meet the newly promoted
janitor Bo.

As they waited for their bags to be unloaded Nancy said to Bo, “Look at that
dame who looks like a film star. What’s she doing down here at this grubby
transit center?”

“Perhaps she adopts waifs at bus stations as part of her charity work,” Bo
said, moving in to grab one of their bags.

Nancy’s jaw dropped when the ‘film star’ woman ran toward them screaming “Bo,
oh my dear Bo.”

She almost knocked the little guy with scruffy hair and a lantern jaw off his
feet and began kissing him. Only then did Nancy recognize her as the heiress
she’d seen on TV.

“Shucks Lindy, you shouldn’t kiss me like that. It could wind up Waldo.”

“It’s fine pal, so long as she doesn’t offer sex.”

Nancy looked in awe at the handsome, straight-back elderly guy with a square
jaw and curly black hair who towered above them all.

Bo escaped from the clutches of Lindy and straightening his jacket said, “Hi
Waldo. Lindy and Waldo I’d like you to meet my lady Mrs Nancy Fletcher – er
she’s a widow.”

“Pleased to meet you Miss Ashley,” Nancy said, performing something she
thought was a curtsy.

“Oh hi Nancy,” Lindy said, hugging and kissing her on the cheek.

“Any close friend of Bo’s is a friend of mine,” said the hunk, smelling of
expensive after-shave. He kissed her cheek, sending Nancy into a part swoon.

“Omigod,” she whispered and Waldo winked at her and stepped back.

When they were all aboard Waldo’s vehicle he said, “Where to buddy?”

“Um I’ll book in to that motel near the gym until I get something sorted.”

“Go slow boss,” Bo called and Waldo slowed as they passed the gym.

“That’s our gym, er Waldo’s gym, best gym in the city,” Bo said proudly.

“It looks very well positioned for business clientele.”

Waldo said, “That’s an astute observation Nancy.”

“Well I have some idea. Up to the time of my husband’s accidental death I was
deputy director of the Professional and Business Association in our city.”

Bo bleated, “We’ve passed the motel boss.”

“I know, there’s something along here I want you to see.”

They stopped outside a brick house in a line of restored houses built by
affluent mining families more than 100 years ago. They were on higher ground
and faced the river levee and were protected by special order preserving
examples of early city architecture.

“Oh what a line of beautiful old dwelling,” Nancy said, “and just look at
those roses.”

“Yeah looks good. Are you buying it Waldo as an investment?”

“No Lindy has bought it.”

Lindy turned in her seat. “Bo my life is important to me because it’s the only
one I have. Through you convincing Waldo and then me my life was under threat
you set off a chain of events and were instrumental in having those three
hoods whom I feared most being removed from the equation. This house is my
gift to you,” she said, handing the astonished Bo a legal envelope and a ring
of keys. “What you do with your new property is your business Bo. I have pre-
paid local taxes on it for the next five years but some cash adjustment to the
council probably will be necessary for year five.”

“I-I have n-never owned a car and my own h-house seemed out of my reach.”

“Well not now pal,” Waldo grinned, opening his door. “The house is fully
furnished so let’s get you settled in after Lindy shows you around.”

“Lindy, I… I…”

“Thanks Bo. I know what you’re trying to say. Come on you two; let’s begin the
inspection. It’s lovely inside with polished floors and beautiful light
fittings.”

Bo and Nancy followed Lindy, hand-in-hand.

Waldo tailed them grinning. Bo was a loyal guy and his lack of education was
offset by him being great at following orders and discharging his
responsibilities. He’d work on upscaling Bo’s usefulness as an employee.

Waldo was in great spirits. On the way over Lindy had invited him to move in
with her for one night a week.

He’d protested saying he was almost old enough to be her father and lacked
sophistication as he and thought classical music, ballet and learned
conversations about collections at museums and art galleries was all crap.  
Lindy, bless her, had stroked his cheek and said she had decided she’d not
rewarded him sufficiently and the best way she could do that was to house him
and feed him well one night a week at her home and for that night give him the
role of management of her sexual needs. She insisted he was not too old for
her, that he had to understand that when in action in bed he’d excited her
ovaries like no other male before him ever had. She told him there was little
more a woman could ask for. He assumed she was being serious.

** **

**The End**

