### Middle Man by Rosby

**Date Added:** 2015-08-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A professional 'middle man' meets with a jack-of-all-trades crook to discuss a business proposition with a catch. 

* * *

As meeting places went, the pier was not ideal but it offered privacy, a fair
distance from any cameras, and probably the only view in the city that didn’t
sting the soul in one way or another. The sea air blew harshly into Rio’s eyes
and drained moisture from his skin, ruffling his hair and clothes and leaving
him looking even more ragged than usual, working in conjunction with the
screaming of countless gulls to drown out the world behind as he leaned on the
railings, which had at one point in the distant past been painted white, and
watched crabs scuttling over the ruined skeleton of an ancient boat on the
beach beneath. Judging from the din, something had very recently died there,
and everything in the area had laid claim to the corpse.

He kicked an abandoned cigarette butt into the water and was considering
giving up for the day when a young man who was dressed far too well for this
place appeared on his right and lit a smoke of his own, taking a long drag
before he met Rio’s eyes with a friendly smile. “You don’t look like you’re
eating enough.”

Rio’s gaze flickered up and down the man, who didn’t look like he ate at all.
“Is that a new watch?”

“Yeah, I’m doing well at the moment. What about you? Still happy picking
pockets, or could you use a job?”

“I’m open to possibilities. You need a guy?”

“Me? Nah. But I know a guy who might need a guy.”

He’d already finished the cigarette. Marenko Kesic smoked like children ate
candy bars, or would if they had their parents’ wallets. Once he started a
pack, he couldn’t stop until he finished or threw up. He was already lighting
another one.

Marenko was a professional ‘guy who knew a guy’. He hung around the kinds of
bars, strip clubs, bordellos and opium dens where wealthy people with problems
went to complain about and then forget about them, and he listened until could
home in on those people who might, with the right encouragement, come to feel
that their problems could be solved with the help of someone with the kinds of
skills you couldn’t advertise in shop windows. Conveniently, Marenko knew a
guy, or occasionally a girl depending on the nature of the problem. On the
other side of the coin, he made a point of befriending people with a wide
variety of skills you couldn’t advertise in shop windows, and if those people
should ever find themselves in want or need of work, well, Marenko knew a guy.
If he ever felt inclined to talk to the police, he could probably be
responsible for a good few thousand years of jail time, but for all his sordid
business he was astonishingly trustworthy, which helped him to find and hold
what he delicately referred to as ‘clients’.

Rio, on the other hand, was not the kind of face you approached. In fact he
was the kind of face you crossed the street to avoid, and so he had found
Marenko to be a useful guy to know.

Marenko blew out a long stream of smoke, which the howling gale threw right
back at him. “Professionalism is dying,” he said conversationally. “You know,
I got a perfectly good job lined up last week and two people turned me down
because the target was a woman.”

“Was she rich?”

“She was.”

On principle Rio did not enjoy violence against women, purely because it
seemed unfair when they could not protect themselves. On the other hand, that
rule did not apply to anyone with above a certain income, since that kind of
woman could easily afford to keep a few men around the place. However, he did
not like where this was going. “What’s the job?”

“Some corporate slut by the name of Rookwood. Someone wants her dead in a
hurry.”

Rio thought about it, but not for very long. He knew his own mind very well,
and while nobody had ever accused him of morality, he liked to think he had
some control over where his life was steering for. He reached over and plucked
the cigarette from Marenko’s mouth, took a long drag and flicked it into the
sea. “I’m not doing that stuff at the moment.”

“Because it’s a woman?”

“Because I’m not doing that stuff. See you.”

He wanted to walk away. He tried to walk away. Marenko had always been very
difficult to walk away from.

“A hundred and fifty thousand dollars,” he said casually. Rio stopped, and
turned back.

“Your guy _really _needs to do some price checking.”

“Like I said, he’s in a hurry. That’s _after _I take my fee, by the way.”
Marenko made his living by shaving a percentage off whatever his ‘guy’ was
being paid. It was usually a reasonable amount, considering the anonymity and
protection he offered, but the original sum must have been _huge_. Not that
the new one wasn’t the most Rio had ever been offered for one job.

The middle-man was lighting up again. Rio had kissed him once, after a lot of
drinks and the satisfaction of a completed job and a generous payload had
heightened his sense of adventure; Marenko would take a kiss from anyone and
everyone who offered. He’d tasted nothing but ashtray for days.

“What’s the catch?”

“I hear she’s pretty well-guarded.”

“Nobody’s _that _well-guarded.” He stopped to study Marenko’s face. The man
had never lied to him, not that he was aware. He was a damn useful man to
know, and something about his deeply skewed but fanatically religious honour-
code was very appealing. Rio even considered him a friend, in so far as the
word held meaning to him. They saw each other when they didn’t have to
sometimes, and it wasn’t an unpleasant experience if you didn’t value your
lungs too much. Still, one of his more frustrating habits was a fondness for
secrets. They were his insurance. He was a fairly good judge of what people
needed to know, versus what knowledge might make them uncomfortable, but even
he slipped up occasionally. “Do I have to shake it out of you?” He asked
eventually.

Marenko gave up. “My guy asked for you by name.”

“_What?_”

Anonymity. It was the ultimate shield for Rio. People in their world rarely if
ever used their real names, even among friends. Nobody actually knew very much
about anybody. Rio had known Marenko for fifteen years, and didn’t even know
what country his accent came from, or have more than a very rough idea of how
old he was (Marenko had been claiming to be in his twenties for well over a
decade). Nobody knew _anybody_’s name. That was what people like Marenko were
_for_, and even he dealt almost exclusively in pseudonyms.

He was shrugging. “You _did _mess up on the subway last year. Remember? And
that thing with the warden. If someone really wanted to, they could probably
get hold of that name. Don’t worry. I told them I’ve never heard of you, but I
might be able to find out. I can always go back and say I couldn’t find you.”

Rio relaxed, but only a little. It wasn’t much comfort to remember his
clumsier moments. However, anyone who had looked into him had to know he had
been out of that particular game for a long time. He liked to think he never
hurt anyone in ways they couldn’t recover from. When was the last time he’d
done something stupid? Stupid by his standards, anyway? He didn’t keep tabs.
He was starting to think he should.

“Cash?” He asked eventually. Marenko nodded, absorbed in his nicotine haze.
Rio thought some more. “I’m not accepting the job,” he said slowly, carefully.
“but I’ll look into it.”

“Oh, _good_. Will you come downtown with me tonight? I need to move some money
around.”

“And you’re afraid some big, nasty person might decide to mug Little Old You?
How much money?”

“Doesn’t matter. I’ll get you some food. It’s not the muggers, it’s a morphine
addict I picked up a job from. I’m not sure he’s trustworthy.”

Rio glanced down and sideways. Marenko held a lot of power within their world,
but he was very small, and rather delicate-looking. Rio suspected he was one
of, if not the _only _person in their lives who knew how ill he really was.
Logic dictated that with his income and skill set he should have left this
place years ago, but the amount of money he was bleeding to the hospital every
month was staggering. In a way it gave him an edge; he wasn’t a man who
thought about life long-term, or worried overly much about consequences (hence
the fourth cigarette). On the other hand, he also wasn’t a guy who would
wander unprotected around the slums of a city where even _uptown _was a snake
nest, not with a large amount of cash on him. He seemed to carry the delusion
that he deserved better than to die face down in an alley to feed some crack-
head’s addiction out of his own hard-earned money.

There was something incredibly endearing about that bizarre combination of
grim cynicism and unbearable naivety.

“I’ve got your back, Ren.”

