### 100 OR DEAD, OR SENSITIVE POETS by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-09-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Twelve unique and diverse strangers meet on the subway one morning and are soon attacked by the “cretins” (normal people of every race, creed, gender, and tax bracket armed with small caliber revolvers). The group must band together and fight for survival or die, unnoticeably a blip on the radar. 

* * *

**_100 or Dead, or Sensitive Poets_**

It was a gray, overcast morning in the city of San Diego, California on that
day. It really was a normal day, by all means. Twelve strangers casually
boarded a subway car at one of the city’s numerous underground stations. All
seemed typical, ordinary, boring even, save for the fact that the station
itself was practically empty, not filled with the usual mid-morning bustle.
The twelve strangers, unbeknownst to each other, were all headed to the same
destination. They did not notice the absence of activity at the station, nor
the uniformly blank stares adorning all the people in the passenger coaches
adjacent to them. However, distracted they were not. In fact, in an all-too-
rare event of 21st century life, they all had actually put down their
electronic devices, and genuinely talked with one another for a solid half
hour, hitting it off effortlessly.

Lieutenant Archibald Acheron Ackerman also known by his call-sign “Triple A,”
sat with his legs crossed talking with the man across from him. Ackerman is a
US Naval Academy graduate from an affluent family. He’s in his mid-thirties
and fancies himself kind of a playboy. However, more-so than women, he loves
flying the F/A-18 Hornet fighter jet. He’s already served in Iraq and
Afghanistan and has been awarded a Distinguished Flying Cross and several Air
Medals. He’s dressed today in his pearly white Navy dress uniform and is
talking to fellow adrenaline junkie, Faust.

Faust is an amateur rally car racer who is hoping to go professional. In his
mid-twenties and dressed in a leather racing jacket, he slouches in his seat,
smoking a cigarette whilst listening to Ackerman. He’s a chain smoker, it
helps keeps his raging case of schizophrenia at bay. The voices never really
go away, except for when he’s racing. Hence, he’s an adrenaline junkie, just
like Ackerman, but for a whole other reason.

Sitting next to Faust is Cornell, an assistant principal at an inner city high
school. Cornell is a stern looking African-American man in his early fifties
and dons a blue button down shirt, a red tie, and a shaved head. He tries
desperately to maintain order at his crime-ridden school, and is constantly
slaving away to improve the place, but gets no recognition from anyone, not
even his wife, for his efforts. Other school administrators in the area, not
to mention his own colleagues, view him more like a prison warden then a
school principal. He’s talking to Castleton, about the American education
system.

Castleton is an associate professor of physics at a local community college.
He’s so dedicated to his craft that he conducts his own personal experiments
in his studio apartment when off-duty. Fashion wise, he is stuck in the 1980s;
he has a mullet and wears large tongued shoes. He’s in his thirties and hasn’t
received tenure yet. Like Cornell, he hasn’t gotten the credit he deserves for
his work and as a result is struggling to get an experiment of his funded by
the college.

Sitting near Castleton is Waldhauser, a gunnery sergeant in the US Marine
Corps who retires next week after a twenty-year career. He is a strong, tall,
muscular African-American man, who has seen combat in Desert Storm,
Afghanistan, and Iraq. His nickname in combat was “wall of fire” or
alternatively, “man of fire.” He doesn’t fit the tough guy image though, being
soft-spoken, humble, and utterly exhausted after his long career. He wants to
get into the ministry after he retires from the Marines. He’s chatting with
fellow Marine Ruhl, sitting opposite of him.

Ruhl is an eccentric yet tougher than he looks Marine in his early twenties
and of Syrian descent. He, like Waldhauser, is wearing his khaki service
uniform. Ruhl is your classic strong, but silent type, only he has a litany of
strange habits due to his obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD). He brushes his
teeth six times a day using a custom made tooth brush and is constantly
clearing his throat. He didn’t fit in anywhere during his upbringing, so he
figured he wouldn’t fit in anywhere in the “real world” either. He joined the
Marines for the rigid structure complimentary to his OCD, but has actually
turned out to be quite good at it.

Rubbing shoulders with Ruhl is Hough, a doctoral student in his late twenties
who is studying mathematics and engineering. Hough is an ecowarrior, going
down the path of the infamous Unabomber. A lifelong academic rebel with a
fierce case of social anxiety, he often retreated to his favorite secluded
woodland. When the woodland was paved over to create room for a shopping mall,
Hough, always someone who was dissatisfied with the technocracy of modern
life, embraced his inner ecowarrior and now today rides the subway with his
first homemade nail bomb, destined for an oil company executive’s office once
he ships it off. He looks unassuming in a cardigan sweater and is conversing
with Chambers.

Chambers is in his mid-twenties and is a hard working graduate student of
economics. He had a funny feeling when he woke up this morning, he’d never
felt something like that before, but he ignored it. Chambers has been an
honest man his entire life, never cheating at school, in relationships or at
work, staying sober, obeying the law, paying his taxes on time. You know
“cheesy/goody two shoes” stuff that keep our society running and from self-
destructing on a day-to-day basis. Despite misfortune trampling him several
times over, he’s never lost his optimism. He is wearing a brown corduroy suit
as later today he has a stint as a TA (teacher assistant) for a class at his
college. He’s talking environmental sciences with Hough, of course.

Next to Chambers is Corwin, a twenty-year-old college student, ridden with
anxiety and severe depression. The troubled young man is indecisive as to his
career path and unmotivated lately in finding that path. He does, however,
believe something great is in store for him. He keeps begging fate to give him
a chance to show what he’s worth. Dressed in a graphic t-shirt and cargo
shorts, he is talking to his peer Dahl.

Dahl is a nerdy, yet studious teenage high school student with an intense
interest in computer programming and video gaming. A video game speed runner,
he is just hitting his stride, appearing in his first competition last month
despite only being a runner for less than eighteen months. Stout in frame and
bespectacled, Dahl looks every bit his assumed stereotype.

Lounging next to Dahl is Mervyn a business suit wearing man in his forties who
is perhaps the last honest businessman on Earth. Despite being in business for
a decade or two at this point, he still struggles to stay open because he is
so honest and good natured. He is fair to everyone and is thus punished by
fate with mere survival. He enjoys running his little general store, though he
is disappointed that he still barely covers his operating expenses. He bears a
resemblance to a famous Medal of Honor recipient. He’s talking with the overly
quiet man across from him, Flaherty.

Flaherty is a twenty-one year old US Naval Academy graduate stationed out on
the west coast for his first assignment. He is incredibly young looking and
fresh faced. The green lieutenant is mild mannered and timid in demeanor, but
a good officer nonetheless. He’s quiet and doesn’t talk much, but is stalwart
and honest. His social personality can be said to be the opposite of Ackerman.
He’s wearing his all white Navy dress uniform and his Annapolis class ring. He
was the first to see them coming.

And so the twelve talked and talked, having nothing in common, but the fact
that they all wrote poetry. None save Flaherty noticed three people from the
other car stand, enter their car, and position themselves in front of Chambers
just as the train was coming to it’s final stop. The three people were an old
man, a teenage girl, and a thirty-year-old man, an incongruent looking trio.
Chambers merely looked up at the three and smiled politely. The three,
unblinking, not seeming to react, promptly and without warning all drew
.38-caliber revolvers and shot Chambers multiple times. The first shot hit him
square in the forehead, killing him instantly; the rest of the fusillade
simply mutilated his corpse. Then the three turned to Hough, who sprung to his
feet and launched himself at the cretins. Corwin and Mervyn jumped up to help
as well, their inner courage breaking through their sheepish demeanors.
Waldhauser and Ruhl would have joined the struggle had the door on their side
of the car not opened and in poured a dozen or more people all completely
normal looking except for the blank stares on their faces and the small
caliber revolvers in their hands. Before they could get shots off, Waldhauser,
Ruhl, and Ackerman grabbed them, struggling for their guns, occasionally
forcing them to fire off a shot into one of their accomplices. Cornell soon
joined the fray, knowing all too well how to tackle and disarm opponents, a
feat he had to perform at his school more times than he cared to count. Shots
rang out all over the car as the group fought with their numerous attackers
for their guns. Dahl cowered under a seat bench in a cargo rack. Castleton sat
in stunned silence, Faust writhed about on the floor grasping his ears, his
demons screaming about the gunshots. Flaherty tried to remain passive, but
eventually found himself grappling with a revolver-wielding attacker, choking
the man till he passed out. Corwin finally wrested a revolver from an attacker
and reluctantly, with tears streaming down his face shot and killed two of the
cretins just as they were about to execute Hough. Waldhauser soon got
possession of a revolver and he too shot and killed two of the cretins as they
wrestled with other members of the car. Ruhl smashed another cretin’s head
through one of the windows, fatally wounding him. Ackerman broke a cretin’s
hand, took his revolver, and shot him dead with it. Hough bashed his hefty
package over the head of another cretin, knocking him senseless. Corwin broke
the nose of another cretin with his now empty revolver. Waldhauser fired twice
more and killed two more cretins before his revolver ran dry. Still, the tide
was not stemmed, no matter how many cretins the group dispatched, more flooded
into the car. As the bodies piled up, the group’s mobility decreased
dramatically; sooner or later the cretins would get them. It was inevitable.
They had no idea who these people were or why they were attacking them, but it
now seemed clear they wouldn’t stop till they were all dead. The bizarre thing
was, the cretins all looked completely, totally, wholly normal, there was no
mark to distinguish them from your average Joe at all. They looked like
regular people because they were. They encompassed every race, color, class,
and creed and came in every state of dress. Aside from all being grown adults,
they shared no common characteristics. The tide was slowly turning against the
group, Dahl, Castleton, and Faust were beaten and suffered graze wounds. Hough
was shot and mortally wounded in the chest. With his last breath, he ordered
the survivors to exit the car, warning them that he had a bomb. Corwin pulled
Dahl out from the rack and Mervyn dragged a screaming Faust from the car.
Waldhauser had not heard a thing, but upon seeing Hough open his package, he
glimpsed the contents inside and immediately knew the grim decision Hough had
made. Flaherty hurdled through a smashed window and a bloodied Castleton
quickly followed. Waldhauser, Ruhl, and Ackerman shot their way out of a side
door, killing a trio of cretins in the process, heaving Cornell along behind
them. The second the group was clear, Hough, now shot several times, used his
last ounce of strength to press the detonating mechanism. Instantly the train
car exploded and burst into flames killing all who remained inside. The
surviving ten near strangers gasped in horror as flaming bodies writhed about
inside the subway car, none of them even bothering to scream, their blank
stares remaining steady until the last sliver of life left them. In a strange
twist, Hough with his final blast had achieved one of his dreams of causing
more casualties than the Unabomber did during his seventeen year campaign.

The bewildered survivors glanced around the station only to realize it was
empty save for themselves. None of the cretins were about, nor was anyone
else. Waldhauser, Ruhl, and Ackerman did an ammunition count on the revolvers
they’d taken off the cretins, they had scarcely twelve rounds left between
them. The group, individually, frantically tried to call for help on their
cell phones, but their lines were all dead. Inexplicably, their cell phones
could not make, nor receive a call. Waldhauser declared that they then must
walk to a local police precinct and notify them of the unbelievable situation
in person. Faust announced in the midst of his episode that he had his car
parked at this station stop, but it could only fit four persons. Cornell
informed everyone that the nearest precinct was about ten blocks away, he’d
taken countless students of his there in the past. It was then decided by
sheer necessity that some of the group would drive there and the other half
would walk. Once the first group arrived the driver would turn around and pick
up the already en route second group bit by bit. It was slow, it was unwieldy,
and if there were more the cretins out there it’d be extremely dangerous, but
they had no choice. It was down to them and no one could help, they were truly
alone. After a short debate as they all walked to the surface, to Faust’s car,
it was decided (by virtue of age, combat experience, and able bodied-ness)
that Castleton, Mervyn, Faust and Flaherty would take the car. Flaherty would
drive as Faust was still coming down from his episode. Flaherty accepted the
responsibility with a mute nod. The rest of them, Waldhauser, Ackerman, Ruhl,
Cornell, Corwin, and Dahl, would walk. Ruhl, Ackerman, and Waldhauser would
lead the way with revolvers in hand. And so it went, the car was loaded and
drove off. The on-foot group briskly made their way through the winding
streets away from the subway station.

Flaherty expertly piloted the car through the curiously blank, barren streets,
showing a natural ability that impressed the veteran racer Faust. The city was
as calm and dead as if it were Super Bowl Sunday. They saw no cretins along
the way, hell they saw no one along the way at all. Just seemingly empty
buildings, cars, parks, and urban sprawl. Arriving at the police precinct,
they disembarked and barged in the large front double oak doors all of them,
save for Flaherty, already screaming about their ordeal. The ancient police
precinct, however, was empty, absolutely deserted. Pens were left on desks,
sentences half written were left on papers, it looked as if everyone simply
got up and left. The phones were dead too, as was the Wi-Fi service. Flaherty
and Castleton, with his newfound courage, armed themselves with semiautomatic
Glock pistols taken from open police lockers in the back. With the Mervyn,
Castleton, and Faust waiting in the lobby, Flaherty began to make his way
outside to get the car and start ferrying the second group over. Before he
could even make it to the thick oak doors at the front of the precinct,
pushing through the doors came at least two dozen cretins, all normal, all
blank stares, revolvers out. Flaherty dropped two of them cold, then furiously
ran back to tell the others. He could barely get his words out before the
cretins were upon them and firing madly. Faust scarcely had time to stand up
before he was hit in the temple by a stray .38-caliber slug and killed. Mervyn
was mortally wounded in the stomach by the opening outburst of fire and yelled
to Flaherty about a large propane tank on the side of the precinct. Flaherty
knew what he meant and ran off, but not before dropping two more cretins dead
with clean shots to the head. Mervyn crawled under a desk, bleeding out and
dying, awaiting his ultimate end. Castleton couldn’t raise his pistol fast
enough before he was shot several times and fell to the floor. With his last
worldly breath he managed to shoot dead one of his attackers by emptying the
magazine at her. Flaherty was shot twice through the back as he exited the
room, but still heroically managed to stagger to a nearby window of the old
precinct and pry it open, his hands slick with his own blood. He was shot once
more in the back as he leaned out the window and aimed his pistol down at the
large propane tank huddled next to the side of the building. With most of his
internal organs shot away, Flaherty closed his eyes and wrinkled up his boyish
face as he squeezed the trigger twice. Instantaneously, the building and
everyone in it vanished in a column of smoke of flame. The attack was over,
the cretins all dead, the precinct a pile of smoking ruin, glowing orange from
smoldering embers.

By now Waldhauser knew something was wrong, his instincts, honed by years of
combat, had never once betrayed him. The group advanced cautiously down the
desolate street, Waldhauser, Ruhl, and Ackerman taking the lead, Cornell,
Corwin, and Dahl bringing up the rear. The streets were empty, bare, not a
person about. The cityscape bares a post-apocalyptic resemblance without the
destruction. This further deeply unsettles the group. Corwin, however, was
actually ecstatic, happy for the first time in a long time at having survived
his ordeal, beaten off his attackers, and saving Dahl. Dahl himself was
positively tickled at the experience, for some reason, perhaps a combat stress
reaction. Cornell was slowly going insane trying to piece together the what,
why, and how of the events of the past hour. Waldhauser, Ruhl, and Ackerman
were too busy concentrating to ruminate on anything. Though Ackerman did
lament that a female cretin he had to kill was rather attractive. Just as he
finishes that thought the group rounds the corner and sees the devastation
before them. Corwin and Dahl have panic attacks, running back and forth asking
aloud to no one in particular where the station is. Cornell, Waldhauser, and
Ruhl merely look on grimly; they know all too well whats happened. Ackerman
approaches the flaming wreckage after spotting a slight goldish glint amidst
the carnage. He kneels down and examines it. To his horror he recognizes it as
Flaherty’s Naval Academy class ring. He holds it up for the rest of the group
to see. “They’re all dead?” Dahl asks, on the verge of tears. “Dead as you
ever wanna get,” Cornell answers grimly, familiar with scenes of violence well
beyond his liking due to the drug problem at his school. Ruhl, who has been
curiously rather quiet throughout the whole series of events, speaks up for
the first time and mentions that they should seek a fortified position. He’s
spotted an abandoned warehouse a block away and suggests they hide there, at
least for the time being. Waldhauser endorses the plan. Ackerman agrees and
herds the whimpering Dahl along to the warehouse. Ruhl and Waldhauser take the
lead with their revolvers out again as they all advance to cover. Cornell
stares back once more at the shell-shocked Corwin, before walking off. Corwin,
meanwhile, gradually losing his mind, stares at the fiery rubble of the police
precinct, littered with human remains. He stands there staring long after the
rest of the group marches off, before hastily following after them.

For the next twelve hours, the six survivors wait tensely in the warehouse,
expecting an attack, expecting death at any moment. Waiting for the cretins to
appear, the madness of the day finally catches up with them. They get overly
paranoid. Waldhauser empties his revolver at a shadow. Dahl cries for three
hours straight. Cornell fashions his tie into a headband and runs about the
building trying to throw off the aim of unseen snipers. Ackerman is so
deflated he can’t even find the energy to jerk off. Ruhl sits silently,
starting off into the ever darkening cityscape, contemplating, unapproachable,
responsive to no one. Corwin, however, is shaken most of all. After eight
hours of waiting for a cretin attack, he declares to the group that this is
his last day and that it has been his best. He’s achieved more than he ever
possibly thought he could or could do again. His mental illnesses have been
driven to a boiling point by the brutal battle. Before anyone can stop him, he
climbs out a window and falls to the street below, cracking open like a ripe
watermelon on the pavement. The five survivors dare not leave the building for
fear of a cretin attack. Time passes, but still nothing happens.

Their first indication that things were back to “normal” was the presence of
passersby. Slowly the city came back to life; the passersby didn’t have those
deadly blank stares on their faces anymore, but were actually emotive and
expressive, human, in other words. Their phones still inoperable, they
gradually made their way down to the street. Ruhl aimed a revolver at the head
of the first person he saw, but Ackerman stopped him. Cornell explained to the
passerby that Ruhl was mentally ill and they were taking him to the hospital,
thankfully the friendly stranger brushed it off. Waldhauser suggested they try
to get to another police precinct, Cornell gave another location, and the
group walked there, shaken, devastated, shell shocked, in a state of
disbelief. The world had a dreamlike quality to them. Only Dahl seemed to
grasp that they have escaped danger. Bloody, disheveled, tired, howling, they
burst into the police precinct, their journey there being without incident.

They raged to authorities at a police precinct, but incredibly enough, were
not believed, and were dismissed as post-traumatic stress disorder mad
survivors. The five of them raged and raged and made an absolute scene in the
precinct, shouting, throwing chairs and papers, grabbing officers by the
collar, trying to look them in the eye. The police couldn’t believe them, the
story was literally unbelievable. There was no evidence of a subway car
shootout, why would strangers just decide to attack the twelve of them
specifically, and, if all this was true, why was there not a single witness?
These claims of strangers trying to murder twelve people for no reason were
nothing to them, without merit, without creditability in the slightest. The
evidence just wasn’t there, the five of them sounded like madmen to them.

The five survivors still weren’t believed despite their increasingly frenzied
claims and the continued the “scene” they were making. Not only were there no
witnesses to what they claimed, but the official account disputed theirs in
every detail. The evidence showed two explosions with some casualties, it did
not show a fight between murderous strangers and the twelve. The five were
insistent though, up to the point of being physically restrained and hauled
off. Cornell was given time off from his job for mental health related
reasons. Ruhl was locked up on psychiatric grounds, Ackerman was threatened
with losing his active flight status, and Waldhauser was in danger of a
dishonorable discharge (a death sentence in a failing economy). Dahl was
forced to see a psychotherapist every day of the week and put on a high dosage
of medication before he was allowed to go back to school. Even in the face of
all these repercussions the survivors continued to agitate, protest, and push
their story to anyone who’d listen. Subsequently, the consequences continued.
Cornell’s position was put up for a vote of “no confidence “ by the school
board, Ruhl was given a general discharge from the Marines, Waldhauser shut up
completely when faced with losing what he worked twenty back breaking years to
get, and Dahl threw himself back into his competitive speed running, just to
get off the draining, side-effect ridden medication. Eventually, as the weeks
and months passed, they came to accept that they’d never be believed and thus
stopped believing themselves. The day was chalked up to a dream or
hallucination (or in preacher Waldhauser’s case, demonic possession). They
settled back into their lives, forever trying to erase the memory of the day.

So what really happened? No one outside of a very small group of people would
ever know. The twelve strangers who got on the subway that morning all had one
other connection to each other besides writing poetry. They all had a relative
(of varying significance, ranging from father to cousin) working on a massive
government data collection project for the National Security Agency (NSA) in
Washington D.C. Their relatives were refusing to cooperate with the project,
disputing both its creditability and its morality. If this project went
through the government would know everything about everybody the instant it
happened, privacy as we know it would cease to exist, there would never be
dissent again, it would be total control, every thought, text, phone call,
email, and conversation 100% monitored and approved. And thusly as a threat
against the twelve rebellious workers with whom the project could not continue
without, the NSA sent a “message” to a member of their family in the form of
the cretins, whether the recipient lived or died the “message” was ultimately
sent to the rebels. The cretins, for all their madness, _were_ simply ordinary
people temporarily mind controlled by extremely low frequency waves the NSA
sent via the electromagnets in their cell phones. Thus the subway attack
survivors were able to hide in the abandoned warehouse undetected by the
cretins, Flaherty’s sacrificial blast at the police precinct knocked out power
and thus cell phone/Wi-Fi coverage in the area for good (at that point the
coverage hadn’t been knocked out, just government restricted). Any cretin who
lost coverage wouldn’t be a cretin anymore. All the cretins were already
prepositioned for the assignment by being owners of small caliber revolvers
and in a big city with lots of ex-military personnel about (San Diego is home
to seven military bases), this would include thousands of people. More than
enough to get the job done. The same technology used to control the cretins
was also used on the general populace to clear the streets and subway stations
of the city, not to mention disrupt cell phone/Wi-Fi coverage in the area.
Through the massive data collection program, NSA agents were able to pinpoint
that the twelve strangers would all be on the same subway line that morning as
they all lived, worked or went to school in San Diego. The two incidents at
the subway and the police precinct were written off as terrorist bombings by a
lone perpetrator who died in the blasts (a deceased cretin was given this
identity). Overall, in addition to retribution, the day had been a grand mind
control, data-centric warfare experiment conducted by the NSA, but no one
involved would ever know that. The next day, life returned to “normal,” the
world continued on, and no one, save for those threatened relatives and the
stunned survivors, was any the wiser.

After the day, Waldhauser retired from the Marines, but was haunted by his
experience of the day even more-so than by his combat duty in Iraq. He becomes
a local preacher and seasoned exorcist. He unknowingly performs an exorcism on
a former cretin who can’t shake the “false” memory of the day from his head
despite his _knowing_ that it did not actually occur. He assumes it’s a
hallucination implanted by Satanic forces.

Cornell loses his position at the school over his ranting antics about the
day, but is allowed to return as a substitute teacher. However, he soon
retires from that position, unable to shake the thought that some of his
students may have been cretins. Last heard he was spending some time in a
state mental hospital.

Ackerman hides his beliefs about the day best of all; he keeps his flight
certification and later serves in his F/A-18 Hornet during the Libyan Civil
War of 2011. His cover does break occasionally, one time he mistook the blank
stare of a woman he had in bed for that of a cretin and nearly killed her with
a champagne bottle. However, as she was having an affair, he was able to
blackmail her into covering the incident up.

After the day and his forced discharge from the Marines over his paranoid
tirades, Ruhl wanders around the southwestern United States a bit, totally
destroyed by his experiences on the day. After a few years of drinking,
homelessness, tramping, and jail stints, he goes overseas on his own accord to
fight with the Free Syrian Army in the human corpse factory that is the Syrian
Civil War. He was last reported “missing” after a helicopter-borne “barrel
bombing” in the city of Aleppo.

Dahl survived the psychological scars of the day by constantly speed running
his favorite video game. The intense concentration, overwhelming dedication,
and endless hours of mental stimuli helped him defeat his demons from the day
as best as one could hope. He had just made a personal best time in the video
game of his speed running choice when he was mistakenly shot to death at his
high school. A student was trying to assassinate another between classes and
some of his shots went wide, soared down the hall and hit Dahl, killing him
before his body could even collapse to the linoleum tiled floor.

