### FLIGHT OF DESTINY by XavierJets

**Date Added:** 2015-10-15. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A flying boat aircraft carrying ten vacationing passengers crash lands near a South Pacific island, leaving half of the survivors on one side of the island and half on the opposite side. However, both groups think they are the only ones who survived the crash and believe they might never be rescued. 

* * *

**_FLIGHT OF DESTINY_**

**Timeframe: **July 1930

**Aeromarine 75 passengers and crew**

**Lavelle**-pilot, 45 years old, French-American, previously a fighter pilot in the Great War, also an Philippine-American War veteran, currently reuniting with his fellow squadronmates for a vacation, works for a plane charter with Maddox. Short, severe looking, with soft blue eyes and some gray starting to show in his hair.

**Maddox**-co-pilot, 37 years old, an American fighter pilot during the Great War in Lavelle’s squadron, also reuniting with his fellow squadronmates for vacation and working for a plane charter. Tall, muscular, and possessing rigid facial features.

**Feist**-64 years old, a former German Imperial Army General still looking to relax and shake off his country’s defeat in the Great War, he was a brilliant General and could have won the war for Germany, but his efforts were mired by incompetent colleagues. Short, wiry, wrinkly, wears glasses, and has a short Hitler mustache.

**Garver**-38 years old, previously an American fighter pilot during the Great War, going on vacation and reuniting with his squadronmates only with financial help from Lavelle and Maddox. Of medium build, dark eyes, and has a regal 19th century look to him.

**Ellis**-39 years old, a former American fighter pilot maimed during the Great War by accident, taking a vacation with his squadronmates Garver, Maddox, and Lavelle with the last of his money. Walks with a limp, sullen, green eyed, clean shaven, and timid.

**Bridges**-31 years old, a former Marine rifleman during the Great War, taking a vacation by himself to get away from it all, got a veterans’ discount from the charter. Tall, slim, in shape, and hazel eyed with short mud colored hair.

**Bronson**-53 years old, a former Gatling gun crewmember in the Spanish-American War, now taking his daughter and nephew on vacation. Stout, fat, walks with a limp due to a bad case of Gout, wears glasses, and is balding with gray hair.

**Jessie**-19 years old, an attractive college student who is going on vacation with her father and cousin, beautiful and intelligent. Long brown hair, blue eyes, buxom, and tall for a girl.

**Walton**-19 years old, a physically fit and clever farmhand, nephew of Bronson, uncertain about his future, taking the trip for pure enjoyment with his relatives. Six feet tall, dark brown hair, handsome, possessing a strong jawline.

**Doctor Martin Cornell**-29 years old, a doctor of archaeology en route to a tribal island for research purposes, flying with his own money due to the funding for his department falling to zero after the stock market crash on 1929. Short, pale, wears glasses, and has a slight shake to him when he’s nervous about something, has reddish hair and dark eyes.

**July 15, 1930**

French-American, former Great War fighter pilot, and Philippine-American War
veteran Lavelle and his fellow squadronmate and co-pilot, the serious and
business-like Maddox are steering an Aeromarine 75 twin-engine flying boat
through a terrifyingly windy and violent tropical storm as they ferry their
eight passengers to an island in the South Pacific. The storm was not
anticipated and both men struggle to keep the plane level as howling winds and
rumbling thunder shakes the craft. Some of their guests are even gasping at
the plane’s intermittent tremors. It’s not the first time the two pilots have
been in mortal peril, they both are former Great War fighter pilots who served
in the same frontline squadron. Now they are co-workers, working for an
airline charter in the South Pacific. Among the passengers are two more of
their friends and comrades-in-arms, Garver and Ellis. Garver and Ellis were
also fighter pilots and served in the same squadron as Lavelle and Maddox.
They were all part of an all-volunteer American squadron in France before
America officially entered the Great War. Things started off well enough for
the group, the squadron racked up kill after kill and aside from a few
injuries no pilot was lost due to enemy action or accident. However, as the
war dragged on, their success began to wane and soon one pilot a week was
being shot out of the sky never to be seen again. Lavelle, Maddox, Garver, and
Ellis, watched, rapt, as one by one their comrades were killed off. Empty
seats in the mess hall were a grim reminder of the war’s toll. Just when they
thought it was their “time,” America entered the war, the skies became theirs
again and they survived the whole affair in one piece. Now twelve years later,
they’ve all reunited for a vacation, the war still haunts them, many of their
comrades died horrible deaths and none of them ever made ace. Lavelle and
Maddox had previously arraigned for tickets to a South Pacific island for
their financially stricken squadronmates, Garver and the war scarred Ellis.
Three more of their squadronmates were delayed in their journey to the South
Pacific and will be joining them later via another flight from the charter. On
the vacation, the survivors of the volunteer American squadron hope to
reminisce about old times, blow off some steam, and remember their fallen
comrades.

Also amidst the passengers is former German Imperial Army General Feist. He
was a brilliant tactician and could have led Germany to final victory in the
war, saving millions of lives, but his unbelievably incompetent colleagues
foiled him. After the war he retired from the Army and left Germany in
disgrace calling it “not the country he once knew.” He now lives off his
extravagant pension in the western United States in relative desolation. He is
taking this trip to try and finally shake the ghost of the Great War off him
and relax.

Another of the passengers on the plane is Bridges, a former Marine who served
in the Great War as a crack rifleman. He went through some tough times in the
war, nothing he couldn’t cope with though, and his unit was lauded as saviors
of the Allied cause for stopping an advance of 1,600 men by the German
Imperial Army. After the war he worked as an auxiliary police officer. He
eventually got himself a spot at the New York City Police Academy, where he
graduated and officially became a New York City police officer after several
weeks of intense training. After a few years on the force, he planned on going
to college, getting a degree, and making lieutenant or even captain in the
force. However, when the stock market crashed in 1929 it ended all hope of him
getting a higher education, at least for the foreseeable future. Now is he
taking a badly needed vacation from his tough police officer job to relieve
some stress and get over the fact that college won’t be an option for the next
couple of years.

The seventh member of the flight is Bronson an aging radio technician and
supervisor at a radio station in backwater Kentucky. He was once a Gatling gun
crewmember during the Spanish-American War. The war began towards the end of
his high school career. The day he graduated he enlisted and later served
during the now legendary battles for San Juan and Kettle Hills. After the war
ended he stayed in the Army for another year before leaving and taking up
communications. He found himself working his way up from nothing in the new
world of radio. He got a college degree in communications and started a
family. Though his wife died in childbirth, she gave him the greatest gift of
all, his gorgeous and intellectual daughter Jessie. Now in the present day, he
is going on a vacation with Jessie and his nephew, Walton.

Jessie is the eighth person aboard the flight; she is a young, attractive,
intelligent college student. She worked odd jobs during high school and got
excellent grades, better than most of her male counterparts. When it came time
to graduate she was accepted into a local college, however, the price of
tuition was steep, but Bronson vowed to work more hours to pay for it, she
also received donations from her other relatives. She is about to enter her
junior year this September. Now she is taking a vacation with her father and
her cousin, Walton.

Walton is the ninth traveler on board the flight. Although Walton is
physically fit and of above average intelligence, he is hampered by the fact
that he has no direction in life. After high school, he went and lived with
Bronson working on his farm, in exchange for shelter and food. Now it has been
thirteen months since he graduated high school and he is still working on
Bronson’s farm. He could go to college, but he has no idea what for yet.
Walton is smart, clever, strong, a survivor, and a marksman, but in terms of a
future he is uncertain.

The tenth and final passenger is Doctor Martin Cornell, a doctor of
archaeology. He recently received his doctorate in June 1929 after a decade of
sometimes incredibly hard work and hours upon hours of studying. He had hoped
to look over some ancient Indian burial sites, but when the stock market
crashed funding for his profession fell to nothing. Now he has taken it upon
himself to travel to a South Pacific island and search for the ruins of an
ancient tribe with his own time and money. He is only on this flight because
it is the sole flight available that will take him to the remote region. He
will not get off at the island like the others, but instead just wait around
for Lavelle and Maddox to take him to his specific destination. In the
meantime he’ll just wait around, relax, and prepare his archaeological
equipment.

It happened so suddenly, no one had time to react, not even the seasoned
fighter pilots. A stray bolt of white lightning sheared off the Aeromarine’s
right wing, taking an engine with it and setting the fuselage on fire. Lavelle
and Maddox screamed orders to their passengers as they strained to keep the
doomed plane aloft as long as possible, but it was to no avail, within thirty
seconds of the strike, the Aeromarine 75, what was left of it, smashed into
the tossing and turning sea. Mere seconds after impact, the plane began to
sink beneath the merciless waves.

Maddox sustains massive head trauma from the crash and dies before the plane
even slides with grim finality beneath the waves. Garver is killed in the
crash when a jagged rock tears through the fuselage and rips him to pieces.
The disabled Ellis drowns when he is pinned against the aircraft by wreckage
and the shattered plane is subsequently swallowed by the fierce waves of a
churning ocean. Lavelle is severely wounded in the crash to the point that he
can’t even move. He’s been paralyzed. Heroically, Bridges, who miraculously
survived the crash unscathed, saw the stricken Lavelle being taken by the
waves and swam back to rescue him and pull him ashore. Feist also survived the
initial crash and despite not knowing how to swim, was carried to the coast by
errant waves, winding up on the same side of a nearby island as both Lavelle
and Bridges.

The aging Bronson is tossed from the crash and dragged out to sea by the
riptide, his fate unknown for the moment. Jessie and Walton are similarly
thrown from the wreck, but being only slightly injured and being young, strong
people, they swam ashore and found themselves on a seemingly deserted island.
Dr. Cornell is flung the farthest upon the plane’s thunderous impact with the
stormy sea and makes no effort to fight the current as the plane wreck and the
nearby island drift further and further out of view. As he floats along, at
peace, accepting his fate, he resigns himself to whatever comes next.

Lavelle is hurt badly; both his legs and arms are broken. Bridges builds a
makeshift shelter for the small group and starts a fire as he explains to
Feist how they must care for Lavelle if he is to have any chance of survival.
At first Feist and Bridges work well together, both being military men, they
understand order and discipline. However, after failing to acquire any food
for the first two days, desperation sets in. Lavelle, meanwhile, lays
stricken, not moving, all day, every day. On the third day Lavelle mutters
something about a survival kit within the plane wreck and Bridges immediately
swims out to the wreck with the desperation of survival powering his strokes.
Amazingly, the survival kit has escaped both the waves and the fire and is
mostly intact. In it are rations, a rifle, a pistol, a knife, and a meager
first aid kit. Bridges does what he can for Lavelle, but still, it is not
enough. He won’t survive on this island long, he’s too weak, too vulnerable.
The survival kit has been a definite victory though. The three men
subsequently survive off the rations for ten days and all seems well, they
gain the most important resource in a survival situation….hope. Nevertheless,
they soon run out of rations, the pack was never meant for anything beyond
short term survival. Bridges, starved and emaciated, attempts to go hunting on
the island, but alas, cannot shoot worth a damn now that he has been deprived
of any and all nutrition. Lavelle lapses in and out of consciousness in
between murmuring madly about his experiences in the Philippine-American War.
Feist slips into insanity slowly, but surely. Delirium and paranoia takes
ahold of him and he has terrible flashbacks of the Great War. The lost
opportunities, the millions dead, Germany…vanquished. In a fit of rage, Feist
drinks seawater out of sheer dehydration. Bridges warns him not to and tries
to stop him, but Feist is convinced that his former enemy (Bridges being an
American) is trying to finish him off for good. The situation becomes
incredibly grim as all three men starve, thirst, and gradually go insane.

Then, on August 1st, a miracle! Spurred by a report from local fisherman of a
plane crash, Quinn, Hart, and Kiefer, squadronmates of Lavelle, Garver, and
Ellis who were on a delayed flight out to the South Pacific for the squadron
reunion, rented an airplane from a local mail carrier and set out in search of
their stricken comrades-in-arms. The airplane was a Fairchild FC-1, a light,
single-engine, high-wing utility monoplane. Despite the awful situation, it
was a dream for them to be in action like this again. With the weather clear
and the men experts, it only took a day or two for the men to locate the
island. When they located it, they circled back to their native airfield for
supplies, before flying back out to the island just at dusk. They landed on
the beach without incident and all three of them disembarked. No sooner had
they landed than a ferocious gale broke out over the island with an
accompanying downpour of rain. It was at this point, as the rain poured down,
that Feist saw the three of them coming towards him….and lunged for the Webley
pistol.

Feist is startled; he believes the rescue party are demons, demons sent by the
damned Americans who forced his country into a disgraceful defeat. He reached
for the revolver, grasped it, stood up and charged the group. The demons
themselves were surprised as he was it seems and Feist was able to get several
shots off. Quinn is killed with a shot to the head, Hart is put down with two
shots to the heart, and Kiefer is soon slain via two center mass shots by
Feist. Just before he was hit Kiefer drew a small caliber pistol to return
fire, but as he was hit by Feist’s shots his body jerked, causing the pistol
to discharge. The shot goes wild, missing Feist but hitting the weakened
Lavelle smack in his head as he lay unconscious in the makeshift shelter on
the beach, killing him instantly. With the demons dead, Feist is just about to
turn around and return to the shelter when he is hit in the stomach by a .22
caliber round from an unknown source. Unbeknownst to him, Bridges sprung for
the .22-caliber survival rifle when he saw Feist charge the rescue party and
was at last able to line up a shot just as Feist was finishing off the three
doomed rescuers. Feist, bleeding heavily from the gut shot to his stomach,
sinks to one knee and collapses unconscious onto the wet sand. He is soon
washed out to sea with the tide. His body is whisked out into the ocean where
mad old Feist finally dies from blood loss and exposure.

Shortly after shooting Feist, Bridges discovers that Lavelle has been killed
by a random shot. He also sees the plane the rescue party came in be destroyed
by a series of exceptionally large waves as the freak tropical storm
drastically increases in intensity just as the shootout ends. The timing is so
diabolical, Bridges almost commits suicide in the aftermath of the gun battle
as he considers himself to be truly cursed. The crazed storm also washes
Lavelle’s body out to sea and destroys the makeshift shelters Bridges had
constructed. All seems lost.

However, the tale of Bridges is not a sad one. A solemn, determined Bridges
spends the next nineteen days on the island by himself. He makes fire by
banging a knife from the survival kit against a rock, creating sparks. He also
uses the knife to spear fish and uses the rifle to shoot fish as well. He
cooks the fish over the fire and boils ocean water over the fire, eliminating
any poisons in the fish or water. On August 20th, a rescue party composed of
men from the mail carrier company that owned the plane Quinn, Hart, and Kiefer
took, come looking for their lost craft and they get Bridges off the island,
though they are quite suspect of his story. Bridges goes back to New York City
and works as a cop for the next eleven years. In December of 1941, Pearl
Harbor is bombed by the Japanese and the United States enters the Second World
War. There is a call for all abled-bodied men to volunteer. Bridges rejoins
the Marine Corps on December 10, 1941, where because of his experience as a
Marine in the Great War and as a New York City cop, he is given an officer
rank. On November 20, 1943 Bridges leads his men ashore during the battle for
the heavily fortified island of Tarawa. He fights valiantly during the battle
and many survivors of the first wave credit him with inspiring the shell
shocked Marines to victory. Towards the end of the battle, during the mopping
up stage of operations, shrapnel from a wayward Japanese mortar shell mortally
wounds Bridges. Bridges was 43, living from June 6, 1900 to November 23, 1943.

On the other side of the island, Walton and Jessie are initially stunned by
their ordeal and barely move or talk at all for the first few days. With the
first pangs of hunger, however, the twosome spring into action and with Walton
being a seasoned, resourceful farmhand and Jessie majoring in botany in
college, together they carve out a manageable, if uncomfortable survival on
the island. They eat plants only, possessing no hunting equipment and lacking
both the energy and experience needed for a successful hunt. Weeks pass and
hope begins to fade that anyone else survived the crash and that they’ll ever
be found. They do occasionally hear sounds on the other side of the island,
strange sounds, almost human-like sounds as they can think of no animal that
can produce such noises. They never venture over though, being too weak,
vulnerable, and unarmed in the face of the islands potential predators. Soon
enough, a new, unexpected challenge arises between the two of them. While they
function flawlessly as a team, they grow closer than ever, and eventually the
sexual tension between them also grows and quickly becomes unbearable. Walton
is the first to make a move, attempting to kiss Jessie as they swim in the
ocean. Jessie rebuffs him and is resistant at first, citing that they are
cousins and if they are ever rescued their actions will make their families
disown them. The feelings are there for Jessie too though, they already sleep
tightly nestled against one another at night and bathe nude together, and
she’d be lying if she said she wasn’t tempted. Ironically, it is the day after
they survive the terrible storm of August 1st that they can bear it no longer.
As they are bathing together, Walton fully kisses Jessie. She responds with
the passion of thousand suns and the twosome make love in one of the island’s
jungle ponds. Then later that night passions rise again as they settle down
for bed and they make passionate, raw, unsheathed love on the beach yet again.
And for every day after that, till nearly three weeks later when they are
rescued by a fishing boat piloted by Bronson, they make love at least twice a
day, sometimes more, not caring, not thinking of the consequences or what
their relatives may say. They almost came to like their island love paradise
by the time that Bronson rescued them on August 27th. They were overjoyed to
see him yes, but ultimately a little sad that they’d be leaving their new
home, their own private utopia.

Bronson had been lost at sea for less than twelve hours after the plane crash
before he was picked up by a Chinese fishing trawler. He then spent the next
several weeks making his way back to their initial take off point and then
haggling with the US government, local natives, and transient businessmen for
a boat to take him out to go look for his lost daughter and nephew. It was the
most stressful time of his life, every day he ran about in a panic, knowing
that every second was one second closer to his beloved daughter’s untimely
death. In his heart, he knew something was terribly wrong. Yet at the same
time, it was his love for his daughter that kept him going, made him work
round the clock, spend his life savings, and strike out on his own to save her
when no one was of any help. With the assistance of some fisherman who were
just passing through the area, he eventually commandeers a boat to get to the
island, whereupon to his indescribable joy, he finds both his treasured Jessie
and his nephew Walton still alive and healthy. He thinks his efforts have paid
off and that he finally has his happy ending. The day he dreamed of is here.

In the months after their rescue Walton and Jessie try to hide their
relationship. Although Bronson did sense something different on the flight
home as they both held hands the entire flight and did share a kiss on the
lips at the airport. Walton goes back to work at Bronson’s farm and Jessie
goes back to college. Bronson, with his new lease on life, quits his
supervisor position, rededicates himself to running his farm and starts a
radio station of his own run out of the top floor of a grain silo. It is at
the end of the semester, in December of 1930, that Jessie returns home for the
holidays to Bronson’s farm and is reunited with Walton. Bronson again
witnesses their seemingly over-affectionate nature with each other and he
again has a nagging sense of something being amiss, but steadfastly ignores
it, brushing it off as just the whole island ordeal messing with his head.
However, his worst fears are confirmed when he gets up in the middle of the
night one cold December day, itching to get a glass of milk, only to discover
to his shock and horror, Walton and Jessie having fervent, raw, unbridled sex
on the kitchen table. In an explosive rage, he almost shoots Walton to death
with a shotgun. Jessie confesses that she is pregnant with Walton’s child.
Bronson, horrified beyond description, disowns Jessie and kicks both Walton
and Jessie out of his house. For the rest of his life, he only has sparse
contact with the two, occasionally seeing them at family gatherings, getting a
card here, a telegram there, the rare phone call. He never gets over his anger
and bitterness about what happened. In the meantime, his silo-housed radio
station takes off and he becomes syndicated in his area. He dies of a heart
attack at 67 while on-air in June of 1944, vainly trying to keep his reporting
up to date with the frantic pace of operations in Normandy, the advance in
Italy, and the drive across the Pacific.

After being kicked out by Bronson, Jessie and Walton strike out on their own,
their survival experiences on the island giving them an edge in the world that
no hardship can blunt. Walton starts up his own farm and Jessie completes her
degree, graduating ahead of time and at the top of her class. She gives birth
to a baby boy the summer after her graduation. After graduating and giving
birth, she and Walton open a supermarket in their local area and soon are
inundated with demands for their freshly grown fruit. They make a comfortable
living, have two more children, and live a happy life together. They are
bothered by Bronson’s rejection of them and their attempts at reconciliation,
but ultimately, that is of little consequence. They even listen to his radio
show. Their supermarket chain was just about to reach the climax of it’s
success when the Second World War broke out and rationing was put into effect,
putting a damper on their business. Unsatisfied with his life, in spite of his
successes, Walton joins the Marines and serves in the Pacific Theater as an
infantry squad leader while Jessie keeps the family together and continues to
run the supermarket. Walton crosses paths with Bridges at Marine Corps Camp
Pendleton, California, but the two don’t recognize each other. Walton later
performs a feat of bravery during the battle for the island of Saipan and is
awarded a Silver Star medal for his valorous acts. By chance it is this battle
that Bronson is reporting on when he has his on-air heart attack. After the
war, Walton and Jessie’s supermarket really takes off to unprecedented heights
in post-war suburban America. They eventually retire, pass the store on to
their children, and die within twelve hours of each other on April 19, 1995,
at the age of 84.

Dr. Cornell’s fate, perhaps most interestingly of all, is not decided by the
plane crash, nor by the ocean’s currents, but rather by something that snaps
in his brain as he floated along in the churning tide, toward his destiny. He
realized that all the training, education, and experience he had up till this
point did nothing for him in the situation he now found himself in. He decided
from now on that he would be his own authority, that his source of knowledge
would be the world, and that he’d never believe another soul as long as he
lived. This attitude helped him when eventually he was pushed ashore by a pack
a strong waves, and found himself amidst a tribe of uncivilized natives,
completely untouched by the outside world. With his new attitude, the culture
shock was grand, but not overwhelming. Rather than run away, he decided to
assimilate as best he could, all he knew had failed him, but this was a new
world and perhaps, it was genuine. Who could have guessed he would have liked
it so much here? He didn’t just assimilate, he became one of them, he became
the tribe. He loved his new world so much gave up the outside world or hope of
getting in touch with it ever again and lived as one of the primitive natives
for decades upon decades. He forgot everything he ever learned or knew in the
“old world” and eventually it all just became a strange dream to him, the
first 29 years of his life, that is. He swore off clothing and consumed only
what he had personally hunted and slain. He embraced and lived this tribal
life to the fullest and was incredibly happy with his lot. Sometime during the
1940s a giant gun metal gray troopship containing two of his fellow passengers
on that fateful flight, Walton and Bridges, passed on by, but he does not
notice or care. As he grew older, his reputation within the tribe grew to
legendary proportions. He was even made chief of the tribe as his life
stretched into extreme old age. The person who was formerly known as Dr.
Martin Cornell lived till he was 100 years old, dying on September 11, 2001
after delivering a vivid doomsday prophecy to his many ardent followers.

