### She Draws a Gun by MacShayne

**Date Added:** 2015-12-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** But he pulls the trigger 

* * *

_**She Draws a Gun**_

**Act 1: Hesitation**

She suddenly stopped walking. Her she was. A beautiful woman, long blonde
curly hair. Pure innocence was how you would describe her when you looked her
in her eyes. They were magical blue. Like they could see right through you.
The perfect dream for a man. The perfect object for a monster. She was
trembling on her feet. Her heart was pumping faster and faster as the
adrenaline pushed her slowly towards what could become a sudden heart attack.
At least, that’s what she felt. Besides her fresh wounds.

It was cold outside, freezing to be more accurate. But she wore nothing more
than a dress beneath her fur coat. She was standing on black high heels while
her legs were only covered in stockings. She didn’t have clothes for this type
of weather.

Normally, she also didn’t stay outside for long. Just to get from the house
into a car. She married her wealthy husband six years ago when she was already
29-years old. The perfect age to settle. But her husband was sixteen years
older and was a widow, twice…

He first acted like this very kind and wise man that had a lot to deal with in
his life. He was good looking and treated her like a princess. That was for
the first two months. Then, when she was pregnant, his behavior changed little
by little. Until she bare a son, then his abusive nature began to show.
Sometimes he punched her without any reason. Always below her chin. He used to
say that things that are beautiful should stay untouched.

The snow that covered the surroundings made this place during daylight
beautiful. She looked at the restaurant that was opposite her and tried to
concentrate. To focus on her target. Her husband had facial hair, almost
completely grey hair. Still good looking. Like a crossover between Richard
Gere and George Clooney. She lit up a cigarette as a couple passed by. Her
fingers were shaking as she heard their laughter. She felt their happiness.
That feeling she had until she became mother. She sighed deeply and closed her
eyes. Was she really going to continue this madness?

The trembling stopped when a flashback of yesterday passed by. She was looking
at a friend of her husband. The two looked at each other for a few seconds.
They smiled at each other. Later that day, they met by chance and had a good
chat together. But when she was ready for bed hours later, her husband forced
her out of bed and violated her trust once again by almost chocking her to
death. He was that jealous.

For a long time she said to herself that it was just a moment. It was going to
get normal again. Not knowing that this was becoming the new normal. The only
normal. It even went at one time so far, that he almost admitted at killing
his other wife’s!

These flashbacks combined with a growing fear and desperateness were now a
cocktail of despair and rage. Without even knowing so, she put her left feet
forward. Shaken by this step, she looked at both ends of the street. Was
anyone looking at her? She had her gun safely hidden in a holster attached at
her thigh. This was not her. This was what he made of her. She threw away her
cigarette and walked towards the entrance of the restaurant. This would end
tonight.

She saw how her husband was having yet another great evening with his pawls.
There were also girls involved. They looked like they just were adults. Maybe
she was already about to be traded for a younger version of herself. She
stepped on the pavement and was now two meters away from the door of the
restaurant. She stopped once again. Looking around her if someone paid
attention to her. There was only a cab driving in the street. Janet closed her
eyes one more time and thought about the game plan again. When the car stopped
behind her, she almost yelled and thus would alarm her husband definitely. The
door swung open and a young gentleman stepped out of the vehicle.

**Act 2: The Stranger**

He was 1.85 meters long, half long brown hair. She was sure that it wasn’t
black. The streetlight above them produced enough light for her to notice the
difference. He looked like a younger version of Tom Cruise in the diming of
the light. He closed the door rapidly and seemed to have no luggage at all. He
wore black jeans and dark colored shoes. His coat was dark blue and his scarf
was white and grey. He also wore leather gloves she saw.

Then as the cab drove away, they looked at each other’s eyes. He had this
mysterious look in his eyes. Like they were filled with coldness, emptiness
but with a sort of warmth in them. Like his soul was slowly fading, but his
heart still didn’t give up the good in him. In her own words she would
describe him, how stupid it sounded to herself, a special kind of yummy.

Janet shuddered from the cold while she was in some sort of Mexican stand-off
with the young male in front of her. He moved his attention to her waist, like
he was checking her out. Right in front of her! She might be fifteen years
older or so, it almost made her blush. But she was not here to find romance,
she was here to kill. She saw how he scoped the neighbor and then looked at
the restaurant.

‘Who are you planning to kill?’, He asked out of nowhere. How did he know! She
felt the adrenaline kick in again, at a much higher level. Who is he? Did her
husband employ him?

‘If you are going to do this, you need to lower your guard. Acceptance is the
first phase’, he said.

‘What are y-y-yo-u.. Thinking?’, she asked nervously.

‘The first time I did it, you need to let it all go.’

‘What?’

‘Humanity. Like it’s not you pulling the trigger. But a bigger force that’s
inside of you.’

‘I, I don’t u-understand’, she stammered.

‘You’ve been probably tasked with the same mission as me. You act
professional. Hiding your gun at a place no normal person would ask you to
show. Scoping the surroundings for a while. You even act all lady-like. Like
you are in fact a random woman crossing the street.’

‘I am not what you think I am mister!’, she almost yelled.

‘I know’, the young man said. ‘But you are about to kill someone. Why else
need a gun eh?’

‘You ruin my life you know.’

‘Let me help you then.’

‘How?’

‘I have some time off. It appears to be.’

‘You don’t want to know why?’, Janet asked more confident. She was affected by
this man’s coolness. More important; he seemed to not give anything about her
intentions.

‘When a woman has a gun, she has a reason. Elsewhy, you would be on my list.’

‘Why?’

‘Woman that have no reason based on fear, are assassins. They would have
already tried to kill me. So what is it? Abuse? How long?’

‘Should I show you my fresh wounds? Or do you prefer the lasting ones?’

‘Once you do this, you won’t leave that place as the same person.’

‘Good!’

**Act 3: What Else?**

The door was opened very subtle. Janet stepped inside followed by the stranger
she just met. The restaurant was almost all empty. Only her husband with his
pawls were sitting in the back corner with “their” entertainment. Only one
crew member was behind the bar. Janet walked towards the tables her husband
had reserved while the stranger from outside walked towards the waitress.

Janet stopped in front of the group. Only one meter between her and the table
her abusive husband was sitting behind. He was holding a ginic ton in his left
hand. A cigar in his other. He was smiling at first. He was in this haze that
alcohol eventually gives you after a while. Then he noticed it was really
Janet in front of him.

‘The f*ck you doing here?’

‘Do you know her?’, one of the girls said.

‘Nah, she’s too old for him’, one of his friends said with a smile.

‘Janet! Get your ass back home.. Where it belongs…’

‘I’m divorcing you Pauli!’, she says.

The stranger that she met outside put on his glasses as the waitress walked
towards him. Before she could ask anything or see him from nearby, he threw an
arrow to her which caused her to sink to the ground immediately. Before she
hit her head, he was able to catch her and lay her safely on the ground. Pauli
saw this while the girls panicked and ran away. His friends were too drunk to
move fast. The stranger seated himself at the bar and grabbed the newsletter.

‘Who is that man you brought along?’, Pauli asked a little terrified.

‘You shouldn’t hurt me Pauli.’

‘Why do you keep calling me Pauli? That’s not my name! Do I have to remind you
what will happen when you break the rules?’

Janet grabbed her gun. ‘You went far too far!’

Pauli, concerned about the gun, tries to stay calm. ‘Easy love, don’t do
things you going to regret.’

‘I’m divorcing you. And take William with me.’

‘That’s all?’, he answered. ‘I mean, deal.’

Tears were forming in her eyes as her hand began to shake more and more. Janet
felt the adrenalin reaching a new height. Pauli’s friends were shocked and
kept starring at her. Pauli saw that Janet was hesitating. He reached under
the table with both his hands. Then, as he was about to throw the table on
her, she regained her strength.

‘I don’t want you in my life anymore’, she said. Her finger was literally
pulling the trigger a little. But something kept her from going all the way.

In her left eyesight, another arm became visible. She could smell the man’s
after shave as her focus changed to his hands. He was holding a gun. Then she
looked at Pauli, who was now really terrified.

‘You do not deserve a woman little man’, the young man said in a deeper voice
than her husband has.

‘What is your business?’

‘Simple, I kill people.. Those are on my list…’

‘I’m not on anyone’s list. Not yours at least...’, he said.

‘He is.’, The stranger with the gun said as he killed Pauli’s friend. Two
shots. Head and heart.

Pauli was peeing in his pants as the stranger aimed at him again. ‘Remember
Pauli, it is your wife that is drawing the gun. I only pull the trigger.’

‘Piece of shit!’, Janet said as two more shots were heard.

Then Pauli’s two other friends were also liquidated.

‘Came back to life already?’, he asked Janet.

‘I don’t feel anything.’

‘You’re not a killer Janet. But you do deserve to witness their deaths.’

‘He was going to kill me.’

‘I know. From the inside.’

‘What now?’

‘We leave. You go home. To William.’

‘You?’

‘Like I said, I have a list.’

‘How many names?’

‘After every job, a new name.’

‘Do you have time?’, she asked.

The stranger with the gun looked at his watch. It was eighteen minutes past
twelve.

‘What do you have in mind?’

**Enjoyed this story? **

There's a complete world out here about the stranger with the gun. They are
all released as thrillers.

Released in chronological order:

**Mitch Crowne III (11 Episodes)**

**Mitch Crowne II (8 Episodes)**

**Jeremy Clegane (10 Episodes)**

**Mitch Crowne I (8 Episodes)**

**Eveline Turner (8 Episodes)**

**Robert McEachran (10 Episodes)**

**Sybren Sibranski (3 Episodes)**

