### UPS AND DOWNS by maybelline

**Date Added:** 2016-01-11. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

**Ups and Downs**

Wendy allowed herself a smile as her Suzuki Swift sped past the new Kilcoy
turn-off. She was doing about 120 Ks, and Gary would be complaining if he were
in the car. The thought of Gary wiped her smile –even though he was gone –
gone for good, she was sure. Her respect for police radar traps slowed the car
as she headed past Ewen Maddock Dam and across the railway to the winding
climb up the Blackall Range.

She had never liked this stretch of road after dark, especially since one
night when Gary had pretended to grab the steering-wheel while she was driving
them up to their weekender. He'd claimed he was just teasing – bloody
engineers – always knew what they were doing, he said – but even if he did
have a bit of room on his side of the road, she could see nothing but void.

It was still moonless as Wendy pulled into the level driveway of the high-
stumped cottage on the Flaxton Road, on the edge of the Kondalilla Valley. In
the morning she would enjoy the view from the patio some ten metres about
ground level. Even after a few years she was nervous about the way the patio
was perched above the steep hillside. Gary, on the other hand, hadn’t had any
qualms in building the thing himself. Bloody engineers, game for anything, no
safety harness.

Anyway, for tonight she just wanted to sleep. She didn't feel hungry, but a
nightcap might go down nicely. There were a dozen Shiraz in the rack and a
glass of that seemed a good idea. She allowed herself a little more than she
would have if Gary had been there. He always poured each glass with scientific
accuracy – bloody engineers!

The next thing Wendy knew there was knocking at the door. She squinted as she
noticed that someone had emptied the bottle. The knocking came again. She was
reassured to hear the voice of her next-door neighbour, from 400 metres up the
road.

"S'all right, Colleen. I'm coming." Wendy opened the door and waved her friend
in, vaguely surprised at a little blurring and slurring in her vision and her
speech. She peered at her glass. "Like a drink? I'll have to find another
bottle."

Colleen settled down and acknowledged Wendy's silent toast: "I was surprised
to see the lights on. Gary said you were going away."

"Gary said what? When did you see him?"

"He was up a few days ago."

"Can't have been." There was a long pause. "The bastard's left me. Took off
for Adelaide a fortnight ago. Shacked up with some bird from the gym with
Double-D biceps and no boobs. Got a solicitor’s letter.

“Going to fight him, Colleen. He wants everything. Reckoned he was staying at
some motel in Glenelg, but no address. Couldn't even make out the postmark.
First letter I've ever had from him. Bloody engineers don't write. Doesn't
want me to find him, I guess. Have to deal with the lawyers. Fight him. And,
listen, I haven't told a soul."

Wendy paused, and topped up her glass.

"I'm not sure why I'm telling you all this."

"Well, he was here. We both spoke to him. That's why I walked down when...the
car…the lights. He asked me to give you this if I saw you." Colleen held out
an envelope. "I thought it was a bit odd." She giggled. "You never know – it
might be a love letter: take me back and I'll be good."

"No way." Wendy put the envelope beside the second bottle of wine, puzzled to
notice that it was now less than half full. "He must have driven to Adelaide –
and why I knew he wouldn't be back – he took all his weights and training
gear. Stuff must weigh tons."

"Perhaps that's why he came up here," Colleen added. "He had some weights in
the tray of the ute."

"Oh, don't tell me he picked up these as well. He must be gone for good. He
only kept a small set here – fanatical about it all he was, daily calculations
about how strong he was. Bloody engineer!"

"Are you going to open his note?"

"Not tonight. I'm having a good sleep, and thinking over things in the
morning."

"OK. Why don't you pop up for lunch?" Colleen raised a mental eyebrow as Wendy
opened a third bottle. She improvised: "I have to get back. Cake in the oven.
Be careful if you walk up tomorrow. With the rain this week, the verges are
loose. There have been some serious landslips."

She turned at the door. Wendy seemed not to have noticed that she was leaving.
Colleen cleared her throat: "Why not turn in now, and save the rest of that
bottle to bring for lunch tomorrow?"

Wendy started. "What? Oh, yes. OK. Look, thanks. See you tomorrow." Startled a
little when Colleen banged the door closed, Wendy narrowed her eyes, and
identified that there was some Shiraz still in the third bottle. Pity to waste
it. It might go off.

Pouring the next glass, Wendy spilt some on an envelope on the coffee table.
Where had that come from? The envelope felt empty. "Bugger!" she said out
loud, as she ripped it open. There was just half a page of thin paper, with
the message, "Look at the view!"

Not quite knowing why, she walked over and peeked through the curtains
covering the door to the patio. Still no moon, but something out there caught
her eye. She reached for the light-switch and her mouth gaped. Arranged along
the edge of the patio was Gary's entire set of gym equipment, the weights
lined up on edge against the railings.

Wendy opened the door and stepped out. Her extra weight and the vibration of
her steps was just enough to overload the balcony, its supporting posts
loosened during Gary’s mystery visit days before the record rain had started.
Crashing down ten metres, with full-size gym-weights cascading on top of her,
she had no chance – no chance against a bloody-minded engineer.

