### Vectis Vengeance by thorney

**Date Added:** 2010-01-29. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Alistair, estranged husband of Margaret, finds a new life and love. Deciding assets in his marriage are required in his new life, he decides to murder Margret. 

* * *

Vectis Vengeance

  
He planned to murder his wife.

Their marriage - which had struggled for some time - effectively terminated
two years earlier, after Alistair left the Island and moved to York to take up
a new position as an IT manager. Neither he, nor Margaret it seemed, had been
in any hurry to move on or find another permanent partner-until now.
Everything changed when Sadie announced she was expecting his child. He needed
money. The mutual life insurance policy of £45,000 taken out ten years ago,
coupled with the value of the cottage on the Isle of Wight - estimated at
£220,000 - turned his mind to murder.

Sadie was twenty-five years old, and already had a child, a little boy of
three called David, who was the only issue of her failed marriage. Her divorce
became absolute eight months earlier, shortly after they'd met. Since then, he
slept at her home three nights a week. They had discussed moving in together,
but he'd wanted to cling on to his newfound independence for a little longer.
The news of her pregnancy changed his mind. His marriage to Margaret had, to
some degree, failed because of her inability to conceive. He longed for a
child, in fact David was one of the reasons he was so attracted to Sadie.

Alistair mulled over the details of his plan for the umpteenth time, and for
the umpteenth time, realised only one part contained any real element of
chance. Success hinged on leaving at least one element to chance, otherwise,
his subsequent actions might appear logical. It was required to confuse any
would-be investigator. The one redeeming feature of this chance taking was, if
luck went against him, he could abandon the plan without compromising himself.

Fundamentally, his preparations relied on other essential components, which
were outside his control. However, he was confident the failure of any of
those, constituted a low risk. The motorbike was the one high risk factor.

He conceived the plan a week after hearing of Sadie's pregnancy. Two days
later, he took a train to Manchester and stole a 50cc Suzuki motorbike and
ridden it back to York. He'd have preferred a larger bike; but beggars can't
be choosers. The only alteration he made to the machine was to change its
registration plates. The following Thursday, with Sadie at his side, he phoned
Margaret.

"Hello, Margaret?" There was silence on the other end of the phone line.
"Hello, hello, is that you Margaret?" After another long pause, she finally
answered.

"Yes, Alistair. I'm sorry; I was surprised to hear your voice. It's over two
years since I last heard from you."

"Yes, I apologise for that. Listen, Margaret, something has come up and it's
important we meet. I've met someone else and ... to cut a long story short,
she's pregnant. I need to ask you for a divorce so we can marry." There was
another period of silence on the other end of the line. "Margaret? Are you
still there?"

"Yes, I'm still here, Alistair. It's just, you keep surprising me-I'm almost
speechless." She paused again, and then continued, "Well, under the
circumstances, there is not much I can say, is there? Of course you can have a
divorce."

"Thank you for being so understanding. With your permission, I would like to
come and visit you on Saturday to discuss the matter, and to retrieve a few
personal items I still have at the cottage. I hope it isn't inconvenient. If
it is, I can always come at a time of your choosing."

There was another short interlude before she replied.

"Yes, Saturday will be fine. You know me; I rarely have any outstanding
commitments, so Saturday is fine. What time will you arrive?"

"Thank you for being so understanding and accommodating, Margaret. I'm not
sure of train and boat times, but I'll probably arrive sometime between six
and seven o'clock on Saturday evening. Is that acceptable?"

"Yes, as I said, I have nothing special on. I look forward to seeing you
again."

"Right, I'll see you on Saturday then. Goodbye, Margaret."

"Goodbye, Alistair."

Sadie was deliriously happy-as was he, the first stage of his plan was
complete.

****

On Saturday, he left York at 09:00 on the Suzuki and travelled the 280 miles
or so to Southampton. It was late May, and the weather for the trip was fair.
His body ached and he felt exhausted by the time he arrived at Southampton
ferry port. From here, he would catch the vehicle ferry to Cowes on the Isle
of Wight. The next ferry left at 18:10, leaving him thirty-five minutes to buy
tickets and board the vessel.

After arriving at Cowes, he set about the most delicate and risky part of his
plan-the concealment of the Suzuki. He rode across the island to a spot a mile
south of the ferry port of Ryde. While resident on the island, he'd noticed an
old shed inside a field just off the A3055, partially hidden behind a hedge.
Alistair hoped the dilapidated wooden building was still there and intact. It
was.

Making sure he was unobserved, he pushed the Suzuki inside the shed,
discovering to his satisfaction, the interior showed little sign of use. As
well as the motorbike, he left a haversack containing a set of overalls,
gloves, boots and the motorcycle helmet. The time was 19:27, and the second
stage of his plan was in place.

A twenty minutes walk took him back to the ferry port at Ryde. From there a
taxi conveyed him the twenty miles to the lane leading to the cottage, which
lay above Compton Bay on the south-west part of the island. He walked the
fifty yards down to the cottage, and at 20:16, Margaret answered his knock on
the cottage door and let him in.

"Good evening, Alistair, you are a little late. Does this mean you will be
staying the night?"

"No, I've asked the taxi to return at nine-thirty, which should get me back to
Ryde in time for the ten o'clock ferry back to Portsmouth," he answered while
following her into the living room.

Apart from fresh flowers in the vase by the window, nothing much seemed to
have changed in the room since he'd left. She noticed his appraisal of the
room.

"You know me, same-mo same-mo. I like things just the way they are. Would you
like a coffee?"

"Yes, please," he replied, and as she left for the kitchen, he called out
after her, "Don't forget it's two spoons of sugar. In the ten years we were
together, you always under-sugared my coffee."

A simple and true statement, only this time it carried a deadly purpose. A few
minutes later, Margaret returned carrying two cups of coffee.

"It was just as well you reminded me, I would have forgotten. I think it's
because I don't take sugar with my coffee, I always managed to forget your
sweet-tooth."

The conversation lapsed into an uncomfortable silence because of memories
evoked of their time together. Margaret broke it, asking in a rather forced
cheerful voice, "What's she like then, this new love in your life?"

"Well, nothing special, just a nice girl," he replied, trying to sound
nonchalant. "She reminds me a little of you, when we first met."

She winced a little at the backhanded compliment. "Ah! I'm being traded in for
a newer model, am I?" Her tone was light, but belied by the tightening of the
veins in her neck.

Alistair didn't want the conversation to take this path, so changed its
direction.

"Not at all, things just happen. Anyway, how are you? How's your eggs and
vegetable trade going?"

Three years prior to his departure, Margaret had developed a little trade of
selling eggs and vegetables to local traders in Freshwater. It wasn't so much
a business as a hobby-something to keep her occupied.

When they'd moved to the Island after her mother died, she'd also left her
post as a Sister in a private clinic in Surrey. Alistair had remained in his
IT job in Woking, only spending Friday evenings to Monday mornings at the
cottage. As a result, she had a lot of lonely time on her hands, hence the
development of her ‘hobby.'

"Steady," she replied, sounding a little annoyed at his verbal manoeuvring. "I
have forty chickens and two cockerels, and I've managed to cultivate the plot
at the bottom of the garden-doubling my vegetable output. The income is small,
but it helps pay some of the bills."

Alistair flushed with guilt; he hadn't paid her a penny since the day he left.
He didn't think she required any. The cottage held no mortgage; her mother
left it to her in her Will, along with a tidy little sum of just over £38,000.
Whilst working at the clinic, she'd commanded a good salary; and ran her own
bank account. Moreover, Margaret was no socialite. In their six years on the
island together, he could count the number of times they'd gone out for a meal
or to a local pub, on two hands.

"Good, good," he said. "No problems then?"

"No, except for the perennial problems of rats, that is. Because of the mild
spring, they have arrived in hordes. It's the one cross I bear-exterminating
them, I mean."

He raised his eyebrows in surprise; the rat problem had been minor two years
ago.

"I'm sorry to hear that," he replied, trying to sound concerned. In fact,
there had been many-a-time he would have gladly exterminated all the chickens,
especially the bloody cockerels. "I see you still have the old Ford pick-up."
He'd noticed the vehicle at the side of the cottage on his arrival. Margaret
used it to deliver her produce to the traders.

"Yes, it's just like me; old, but reliable."

"Margaret, you are thirty-seven years old-two years younger than I am. If you
wanted to, a fine-looking woman like you could easily find another partner."

She lowered her head and looked at her hands. He noticed the palms looked dry
and rough, a consequence of the work she did.

"No," she said quietly. "No, no more men for me, just my chickens."

They endured another short silence. Eventually Margaret raised her head and
looked at him. Alistair was a little disturbed by her eyes. What did they
convey, anger? Regret? Sorrow? Whatever it was, it disturbed him. He decided
it was time to end the pleasantries and get to the reason for his visit.

"Well, this divorce," he said in a business like manner. "Of course, I am
totally at fault for the breakdown of the marriage, and will bear all costs. I
would like you to instigate proceedings with your solicitor on any grounds you
feel appropriate ..."

"Adultery," she interjected.

"Yes ...yes, if you wish," he said hesitantly, he would have preferred
desertion.

"Adultery," she repeated.

"Okay, Adultery it is," he agreed, eager to get beyond this point. "Because
of, err ... Sadie's condition I would appreciate it if you could start
proceedings as soon as possible."

Margaret interjected again. "Yes, I can see how you don't want your first
child to be born a bastard." They stared at each other for a long moment,
before she lowered her eyes and quietly said, "Sorry."

"Yes. Well, can we proceed? Time is passing and we need to come to some
agreement. There are a few personal things I would like to take with me,
everything else, you can keep or give to some charity shop."

Margaret nodded in agreement. "You'll find things pretty much in the same
place you left them. I've had little time, nor the inclination, to sort things
out."

Alistair stood up. "Right then, shall we get moving? Time's getting a little
short."

"Yes," she replied. "You know where everything is, I'll just make my last
check on the chickens while you get your things."

It only took a few minutes to locate the items he wanted. His only regret was
leaving his computer behind. When he'd bought it three years ago, it was
state-of-the-art, and cost him a small fortune. _Well, I'll get it back when
this is all over,_ he thought. He returned to the living room, and it was a
further five minutes before she joined him.

"Did you find the things you want?"

"Yes. They're only a couple of personal things which you will have no use for,
and I would hate to lose to strangers."

She didn't ask what they were. He looked at his watch-it was nine-twenty, he
walked to the window and looked out. He was finished here, and hoped the taxi
would come early.

"Anxious to leave?" she asked.

"Well, not anxious, just ready I suppose," he replied staring the window. Just
then, the taxi arrived. "Here's the taxi now," he declared.

"Right then, I suppose this is goodbye forever?" she said, and in her voice
Alistair detected an element of ... what? Regret he supposed.

He preceded her to the cottage front door, where he turned and held his hand
out to her. "Goodbye, Margaret. I will ring you sometime next week to see how
things go with your solicitor."

"Goodbye, Alistair," she replied refusing his hand and closing the cottage
door.

He turned and walked to the waiting taxi feeling a little disappointed, but
brightened up when he realised the third stage of his plan was now complete.

****

He phoned Margaret the following Friday to ask how things were progressing. He
wasn't interested; he was sure the divorce proceedings would never reach
court. However, he needed to keep up appearances. She informed him she'd
contacted her solicitor and instigated divorce proceedings-citing his adultery
as the reason. She also informed him Sadie's name would not appear as the
third party. Offering this, she said, as a good-will gesture because of her
silly bastard reference to his unborn child. He thanked her for her kind
assistance, and hung up.

Everything was now in place. He would do nothing for two weeks, allowing
things to settle into a normal routine. The exact day for the plan's execution
was flexible, and depended on the most favourable times for train and ferry
connections to the Isle of Wight.

He refused to find this information on either his computer at work, or the one
in his home. Instead, he used a Computer-café in the town. The most favourable
day was Monday the 14th, which was in twelve days time.  
  
*****   
  
He spent Sunday the 13th with Sadie and David. It was a lovely June day, and
he took them on a tour of James Herriot country, in North Yorkshire. Sadie was
a fan of the author, and it fascinated her to see the landmarks and settings
of his books. By the time they returned home in the early evening, David was
happy but tired. Sadie bathed the child and put him to bed, before she and
Alistair indulged themselves: showering together and making love.  
  
Afterwards, he complained of a slight headache, offering too much sun as a
possible cause, and decided to spend the night at his own home. Sadie was
disappointed, but understanding. He was home before ten o'clock, checked
everything was in place for the following morning and was in bed and asleep
shortly after eleven. Although a little excited about coming events, he had
every faith in his plan and slept soundly until his alarm woke him at seven
o'clock the following morning.  
  
By 08:45 he‘d dropped the car off at his local garage and cycled the rest of
the way to work. He'd booked his car in for a complete servicing on the
Monday, arranging to pick it up the following morning. This, to prove to any
future investigation he was without motor transport on the day of the murder.
However, he did take his pushbike to the garage on his roof rack, citing his
requirement to get to work and back to the garage the next day.  
  
He was a little tense during the morning, and it showed to his colleagues.
This only re-enforced his claim of not feeling well, and to have a headache,
when he declared he was taking the afternoon off and going back to his bed. He
left as planned at midday, and phoned Sadie to explain his actions.  
  
"Hello, Sadie. I'm sorry, but I won't be seeing you today. I'm not feeling
well and I've decided to take the rest of the day off work, go home and go to
bed."

"Oh, Alistair, I hope it's nothing serious."

"No, I don't think it is, but I had a bad night last night and didn't sleep
well. I have a headache and just need a little quiet time."

"Shall I come over and look after you?"

"No, I'll be okay. In any case, if this is a bug I've caught, the last thing I
want to do is pass it on to you and David. I'm sure I'll be alright after a
goodnight's rest."

"Well, okay, if you insist, Alistair. Take care, and don't forget to ring me
if you require anything."

"Thank you, sweetheart, give David a kiss from me and I'll see you tomorrow.
‘Bye now."

"'Bye, Alistair. I love you."

Having set everything in motion, he happily rode off to York railway station
on his bicycle.  
  
*****

Arriving at the railway station twenty minutes ahead of the 12:45 Intercity
Express to London, he left his bicycle chained in the station's bike racks.
The 12:45 Express would have him at Kings Cross by 14:55.

It would take him thirty minutes to cross London by the underground railway
system, arriving at Waterloo at 15:30. This would leave him twenty minutes to
catch the 15:50 train to Portsmouth Harbour-arriving at 17:10. In turn, this
would leave thirty-five minutes to catch the ferry to the Isle of Wight, which
left at 17:45, arriving in Ryde at 18:10.  
  
There was no hitch to his plans, and at 17:20, he stood on Portsmouth Harbour
station with his return ferry ticket to Ryde in his hand. He went to a public
phone box and called Margaret.

"Hello, Margaret, It's Alistair."

"Hello! I didn't expect to hear from you again until the divorce was final."

"Yes, well, something unexpected has occurred and I need to speak with you
again. I'm at Portsmouth ferry terminal, and would regard it as a great favour
if you allowed me to visit you again tonight."

"Portsmouth? What in Heaven's name are you doing there?"

"It's a long story Margaret; basically, Sadie and I have parted and I need
somewhere to go for a few days. I was hoping you could accommodate me. I can't
think of anywhere else to go."

"I ... I ... I'm sorry to hear of your trouble with Sadie. Whatever happened?"

"As I said, it's a long story, but it appears I'm not the only one who as been
sharing her bed. She's even cast doubts on whether the child she's carrying is
mine."

"Oh, Alistair, I'm sorry. Yes, of course you can come home for a few days.
What time will you be arriving? Do you want me to pick you up at Ryde?"

"Thank you, but there is no need to bother about the lift, I'll just get a
taxi. I should arrive at the cottage in about an hour or so. Thank you for
being so kind and supportive."

"Not at all, Alistair, I‘ll see you when you get here. ‘Bye."

He was pleased with himself. He didn't want to arrive at the cottage
unannounced; it might raise her suspicions. _Of course you can come home.
Christ! She was hoping for reconciliation. _He'd used a public phone, learning
from recent murder cases on television, mobile phone calls could be traced to
their location-and he was supposed to be in bed in York.  
  
*****

After landing at Ryde, it would take twenty-five minutes to walk to the shed
to retrieve the Suzuki, and another thirty minutes to reach the cottage. He
estimated no more than thirty minutes to do the dirty deed, and another thirty
minutes to return to the old shed and drop off the motorbike. Twenty-five
minutes later, he intended to be at the Ryde ferry port in time to catch the
20:45 ferry to Portsmouth.

Arriving in Portsmouth Harbour at 21:10, would leave him plenty of time to
catch 21:35 to London, which would arrive at 23:15. Another trip on the
underground to Kings Cross left him oodles of time to catch the twenty minutes
past midnight Intercity to Edinburgh, which stopped at York at 02:50.

Retrieving his bicycle he would ride home, arriving at approximately 03:15,
and would immediately phone the police complaining of a suspected intruder.
While awaiting their arrival, he would stow the bicycle and change into his
night apparel; to all concerned, he would claim to have been disturbed while
sleeping.

His best Alibi was the Suzuki. Without it, the two hours and thirty-five
minutes spent on the island would entail a forty mile round trip to the
cottage to murder Margaret-on foot. If the police checked taxis, buses, trains
or any member of the public about assisting him, they would come up blank.

Even if they checked the ferry at Southampton for vehicle crossings that day,
they would find nothing. This meant in effect, he would have had to run to the
cottage and back in that time; something, even the greatest Marathon runners
in the world would be incapable of achieving.

After killing Margaret, he would take any valuables and money he could find.
The valuables and haversack containing the overalls, boots and gloves, he
would throw into the Solent on his trip back to Portsmouth. The conclusion the
police would come to? Margaret had interrupted a burglary and paid for it with
her life.

The Suzuki? If possible, he would retrieve it later. He intended to make sure
he left no tyre tracks at the cottage and no fingerprints on the bike. Every
angle seemed to be covered, and even if they discovered the motorbike-well,
what of it? Stolen in Manchester four weeks earlier, it would be impossible to
trace it to him. Try putting that in front of a jury!

****

As he approached the old shed, his heart was racing. All his hopes now rested
on the Suzuki. If the bike were missing, he would return to the ferry port and
catch the next boat back to Portsmouth. He would phone Margaret and tell her
he'd reconsidered and decided to return home.

The motorbike was still there! He quickly removed his shoes, placing them in
the haversack. He removed his jacket and donned the overalls, boots and crash
helmet, before putting his jacket back on and slipping his hands into the
gloves. Pushing the Suzuki out to the road, he started it and headed for the
cottage.

Shortly before 19:05, he parked the motorcycle some forty yards up the lane
from the cottage; he didn't want to alarm Margaret by arriving on the Suzuki.
He'd made good time from the old shed, and only seen a half a dozen vehicles
on the journey-which was surprising considering the time of year and the fine
weather.

He walked to the cottage and knocked on the door. Margaret answered, looking
as neat and tidy as he'd seen her in five years.

_She's putting on a show to impress me._

"I'm sorry to hear the news about Sadie. It must have been a great shock to
you," she said, as she led him to the living room.

He didn't take a seat, instead he looked towards the kitchen and said, "Yes it
was. Margaret, do you mind if we go into the kitchen? I'm in real need of a
cup of coffee."

"Not at all," she answered, and led the way.

He sat at the small pine kitchen table and removed his jacket, while she
prepared the coffee.

"It's two sugars if I remember correctly," she remarked with her back to him.

_Damn!_ This was the first thing in his elaborate plan to go astray. He hoped
she would forget to give him two sugars, and intended to laugh at her
forgetfulness while insisting on rectifying the situation himself. Opening the
kitchen drawer to get a spoon, he'd take out the carving knife he knew would
be there. Hopefully, she would have her back to him, and he intended to stab
her while she wasn't looking. Well, now he would have to wait for another
opportunity.

"Yes, nice of you to remember," he said, taking the cup of coffee from her.

She sat opposite him and sipped her coffee. "Tell me what happened with
Sadie."

He sipped his coffee; it tasted extra sweet. "You seemed to have overdone the
sugar a little," he remarked.

"I'm sorry. I guess I'm just not used to it. Do you want me to make you
another?"

"No, that's alright, I'm sure my sweet-tooth can handle it," he answered,
taking another drink from the cup. His coffee had a nice smell to it, sort of
nutmeg or almond.

"Well," she prompted, "what's this about Sadie?"

He took another drink, giving himself time to think. "We had a row, and she
confessed to having another man in her life," he lied.

"Poor Alistair, it seems you are fated to have useless partners." She finished
her coffee and stood up, her hand stretched out asking for his cup. "Perhaps
we should see to your sleeping arrangements."

He finished his coffee and handed her his cup. He remained seated, hoping to
linger a while so she would leave the kitchen and give him an opportunity to
get to the knife.

She placed the cups in the kitchen sink, turned to him and said, "Coming?"

Reluctantly he attempted to rise, only to double over with pains in his
stomach; forcing him to sit again, struggling for breath.

"What's the matter, Alistair," she asked. Her voice had a sinister edge to it.

He couldn't answer; the pain in his chest was excruciating-debilitating. He
could hardly move or hardly breathe; he could feel his heart racing.

"You are suffering from cyanide poisoning, Alistair dear," she cooed. "To be
precise, less than half a gram, but still more than six-times the fatal dose
to a man of your stature. I use it to kill the rats. Of course, you can't buy
the stuff in this country any more, just those ineffective arsenic wheat
compounds. But, with the computer you left me, I can still purchase it from
the Far East. It's so effective, you see. They just die!"

She moved and sat in the chair opposite him. No longer able to hold his head
up, he rested it on the kitchen table.

"I considered poisoning you on your first visit; in fact, after your first
phone call when you arranged to come and see me. However, too many people knew
you were coming. It would be difficult to explain your disappearance,
especially as you had asked for a divorce. I would have been prime suspect. I
thought my chance for revenge had gone."

He felt the urge to vomit but couldn't. His eyes rolled as he struggled to
breathe-to move, but all that occurred were convulsions. He had no control
over his limbs, which had begun to jerk and twitch.

"But your phone call this evening, with your pathetic little story about being
betrayed by Sadie, made up my mind. If you came tonight, I intended to kill
you. It seems no one knows you are here. In fact, it crossed my mind you might
be coming to kill me. I heard a motorcycle approaching along the main road,
which seemed to stop near our lane shortly before you arrived. Was that you?
You are dressed rather strangely in overalls, why? Did you come to kill me,
Alistair? Was it for the cottage and the insurance? Were you ensuring a little
nest-egg for your slut and bastard child?"

Alistair could barely hear her speak now; his head was pounding and his body
jerked uncontrollably. Although his eyes were open, he could not focus them.
Margaret continued to gloat.

"Tonight after dark, your body along with that motorcycle-if it's yours, will
be taken in the pick-up and thrown over Atherfield Point into the English
Channel. The chances of either being found are remote; even if they are, who
will connect a body found in the Channel, with a man who disappeared in York?"

She stopped speaking and he felt her take his pulse.

"Not long now, my dear Alistair, your face is taking on a nice pinkish hue.
The moment you die, I'm off to a restaurant in Cowes. I shall have a wonderful
meal, and over-tip the waiters just so they remember me, if asked. I don't
want anyone getting the idea I might have gone to York and had a hand in your
disappearance, do I?"

She felt his pulse again, and he felt oblivion approach.

"Goodbye Alistair. Perhaps you should have remembered; Hell hath no fury like
a woma ...

