### Regret by war0019

**Date Added:** 2010-04-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A very short story about regret and accidents and the consequences because of them. 

* * *

As i walk down the white walled corridors shame boils in my blood, tears roll
down my cheeks and over my lips leaving the salty taste of regret in my mouth.
The echoes of nurses gossiping about the accident cuts like knives against my
bare skin I hate myself for what i have done but there is know one else to
blame but me. I killed her the most beautiful and most beloved person in my
life I had killed a sister a friend a daughter and my girlfriend.

I watch and hear the words falling from the doctors mouth, still in denial
that she is gone. I should have listened to her when she told me to slow down
but my ignorance and power corrupted me I thought i was indestructable but im
not and neither was she. Everybody looks at me differently now they put there
heads down as i walk past trying to avoid conversation with me as though im a
monster and im starting to believe that i am.

Every thought that runs through my head now is about her. She will never see
another sunset smell another flower breathe another breath have another
coversation where a wedding dress have a family or grow old with the person
that she truly loves and its all because of me and my stupid decision to be a
careless driver. I ask myself why i didn't die and she did and i still dont
understand. She was afraid but i wasnt adrenalin ran through my veins making
me forget the danger of the situation. But now there is nothing running
through my veins except for regret. I am numb and when i cry i dont stop. I
constantly ask myself, Where is she now? and wether she feels pain. All these
answers will never be answered and haunt me and they will forever.

If i spend my time with these regrets over yesterday, and tears that i will
cry tommorow I have no today in which to live and i will never live again.

I wrote this story as a message to all those that decide to be reckless think
about these things and the truths within them. People are fragile and although
we think we are strong we are not .

