### Vanholmes by andrewfullagar

**Date Added:** 2010-04-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** John a burnt out forensic mental health nurse has to track down his most eccentric and potentially dangerous client by the christmas holiday. 

* * *

  
  
_**Vanholmes.**_

It was Christmas eve 2009 and for the third morning that week I

was hung over. The last two nights had been a prescription of Jack Daniels

and Heineken dispensed by Forensic mental health nurses across the City of

Tomford mental health trust. All on the Christmas party trail. The festive

binging was leaving it's mark on me and my colleagues. Except my manager!

"I want all service users to be accounted for by four o clock today." Stated
the

hard drinking gruff Scot. Anxious to avoid any serious untoward incidents

over the Christmas period.

Already the our community mental health team had had two major

incidents this year, one suicide and one homicide. He'd rather not return in

January to a trust investigation.

"And that includes Vanholmes!" This sentence was directed at me.

Vanholmes was my client and I thought for the second time that morning

about taking a swig of my ole friend John Daniels from my desk draw. The

thought of venturing out to the inner city to find him triggered my anxiety.
It

was just 9.30 am, I took a deep breath and decided to leave the bourbon till

lunch. Maybe I would catch up with my infamous client by then and I could

have a guilt free drink in the pub. If I found Vanholmes by then my manager

would buy me one for sure. I rose painfully from my desk walked through the

debris of forensic nurses and filled out the white board with my destination,

Bowden High road.

Vanholmes was a perfect mental health service user. Eccentric , educated

and prone to transient psychotic episodes! Which means due to being white

and schooled he avoided the diagnosis of schizophrenia and the stigma that

went with it! Most importantly he struggled with intrusive thoughts. To the

point where he sometimes got confused whether they were real or imagined.

Recently he was reporting that he was having trouble controlling his intrusive

thoughts also that he was having violent ones. He had reassured me that he

was in control of his mind but Christmas was a tough time for Vanholmes and

I needed to make sure he was stable before I took a Christmas break, to drink

my self unconscious!

Vanholmes lived in Bowden. The largest population of Bengali people

outside of Bangladesh. Near the centre of the city it offered many

Bangladeshi restaurants, Bangladeshi boutiques.

Vanholmes cut a strange figure in Bowden. Forty four, Caucasian with a full

head of cropped white hair, handsome face , short and stocky in stature. He

dressed in pinstriped navy blue three piece suit, Bowler hat, brown

Churchill brogues and a onyx and gold walking cane with a gold finish.

Vanholmes had worked as a copywriter before he became unwell. Was

successful too. He had developed a addiction to cocaine due to the pressures

of his job in advertising . Which resulted in Vanholmes experiencing an

acutely paranoid episode where by he found himself hiding in the alley way of

a fast food Establishment holding a box cutter. Paranoid that someone

wanted to attack him and steal his boneless chicken meal. Due to the

obvious detrimental effects of drugs on his life Vanholmes, sort detox first

then rehab and got clean.

After the last two years' events Vanholmes was still fragile. He was referred

by his GP to the community mental health team for assessment . I had been

working with him for approximately three months. Much of our engagement

was around relapse prevention, for the coke. Also some serious work on

letting the intrusive thoughts pass through his mind rather than be

preoccupied with them. Vanholmes at times felt bombarded with unwanted

thoughts, and images in his head. The impulse to act on these was

sometimes too strong for Vanholmes to deny.

Vanholmes also had another addiction, which was the great detective

"Sherlock Holmes"! Since he became a service user he had begun to have

some creative ideas about offering his services to the police as a crime

solving consultant. He felt that he had a delightful insight into the mind of
a

psychotic criminal. He also loved the mysterious romantic figure of

Vanhelsing in the novel Dracula. A good person fighting evil. Hence the

moniker Vanholmes, an alias he had used since the breakdown. Which he

preferred to be called under all circumstance.

Recently we conversed about or should I say he educated me on police

investigation policy and procedure. He even suggested that I join him on

starting up a private investigation agency. Specifically for people with
mental

health difficulties! I have to admit I thought this was a great idea but never

told him so. Mental health nurses needed boundaries and at all times remain

objective and non-judgemental.

10am Bowden high road. If all goes well I could be in the The Bell by lunch

time with the hair of the dog. Getting a pat on the back from my boss and

getting through another year working in mental health without someone killing

themselves or another . Mental health had over the last three years gotten to

grips with me to a degree. Aggressive trust management and unreasonable,

unrealistic demands on nurses to predict risk took its toll on people. As well

as the blame culture that came with it.

I stepped optimistically into Steadmen's cafe one of Vanholmes'

favourite haunts, to see if he had been in. I had accompanied him here many

a time myself.

"Hey boss"- offered Victor From behind the counter.

"Hey . I'm looking for my friend." He knew who I was referring to.

"Are yes, Mister Vanholmes. He came in yesterday. Had his usual. Didn't say

much. Quieter that usual."

"Ok thanks have a nice new year." Wanting to leave before being offered any

fried food.

" John some food " victor never liked to let a client out of his establishment

without them purchasing something.

"Not for me today victor. Trying to keep the weight down before the crimbo

binge"! I left before he could respond.

Outside of steadmen's I took out my soft pack of red Marlboro's

and extracted the first of the day. This was late in the day for me to start
but I

had many the night before and my head couldn't take it till now. Nicotine and

fresh morning polluted air, loved it. After my first hit I needed the caffeine
too.

I nipped backed into the greasy spoon and ordered a cup. Vanholmes

smoked the same cigarettes as me and always bought fresh each morning as

he smoked exactly twenty each day. Maybe that's why we had such great

rapport? I hoped that same rapport would give me some grace this year.

Ms Modmajer news agents was where he bought them. Ms Modmajer a

beautiful Bengali lady, short with a full figure. Perfect personality for
retail.

She made each person feel like an important customer especially each man.

Entering Modmajers newsagents I saw her standing behind the counter.

Unfortunately she was not her normal self, today she seemed distracted.

"Ms Modmajer!"

"John. Merry Christmas." Ms Mojmader a Muslim herself but recognised other

cultures holidays.

"Hi looking for Vanholmes, has he been in yet?"

Again she was not quite herself . She paused before responding.

"..yes john he has..but I don't think he was too good today."

"How so?" I put my hand in my pocket and reached for my cigarettes.

Carefully slid one out and took it in my mouth.

"He seemed to be somewhere else. He ordered his cigarettes but didn't

acknowledge me. Which is unusual."

It was. Ms Modmajer was one of the reasons why Vanholmes bought his

smokes from here, it was also the reason why I accompanied him too.

"He seemed to be talking to himself but like he was having an argument.

Kept moving his lips and face. But not speaking." She smiled. I thanked her.

Outside the news agents I lit up my second cigarette and inhaled. Gulped

down some grey coffee and thought about the report I had just received. This

type of handover was a mental health nurses' bread and butter. News like this

was like the daily stock market check. For me It meant work. It meant

assessment of a mental state. It meant someone was not well. It meant

someone was breaking. I kept thinking, that for Vanholmes -it meant murder!

Maybe it was the hangover that was making me think in such a defeatist

way. Or just the fact that my lunchtime drink was looking unlikely. My third

cigarette would help and it did. Time to stop procrastinating. Vanholmes'

house was just off the high road. A three bed Victorian house with minimalist

modern decor. Lets think positive and get it over with.

Number 221a Blinton st. The curtains were shut. Vanholmes had given me

a key so as I could access his house in times of crisis. He said he'd rather

that than the police kicking down his door . I went in the back door and

entered into the kitchen. Vanholmes was a stickler for cleanliness, his

modern kitchen said "if you cook in here. You better clean up your mess!"

Staring straight at me in the middle of the wall was a movie still of Jack

Nicholson in â€˜one flu over the cuckoos nest' from the scene where he

pretends to swallow his medication given by nurse Ratchet then spits them

out into the face of another patient, whilst playing poker. Vanholmes' house

was full of movie stills. Interestingly none of Sherlock Holmes' adaptations.

He believed they never did the great man justice. Past the kitchen and into

the hall way, lounge and bed area all immaculate in presentation only one

thing was wrong. No Vanholmes!  
  
Intrusive thoughts. The battlefield of the mind. We all suffer. Everyday

each one of us burry's thoughts, feelings ,emotions. To stay in control of our

lives. Instinctively most can let these things float past and not be
distracted

by where they came from, forgets them and endeavours into the day. But

Some like my acquaintance Vanholmes had somehow lost there way. The

sequenced thinking that usually occurs in us all had taken another route.  
  
Now was the time to be concerned. Where else could he be on Christmas

eve? I'm mean obviously there was quite a number of places he could be. But

I didn't have time to search the whole city for him. I didn't want to call the

police because that would be humiliating for the man. If they found him then

they would have to take him to a place of safety, which would undoubtedly be

hospital. Then as if answering my question my work mobile buzzed.

"Hello"

"John! You still out with Vanholmes"? my manager demanded.

"..err yes just got to his house!"

"Well is he alright?"

"Yes he's a.." I didn't have the energy for the truth at that moment.

"Good. Then get down the pub we are finished and I'm buying for everyone .

hurry yourself I'm off to Scotland at 9pm.

"Ok be there in half hour".

I hung up. Staring down at me from above the fire place was Peter Cushing

holding a cross to Christopher Lee's Dracula which was not helping me at all.
I

decided to give up. I would just have to hope he was ok. Vanholmes had no

phone or pager. He refused to be bothered by me or anyone else in his life, at

any time. He had been slightly on the edge recently but I told myself that he

usually tells me if he was feeling unwell and he had not told me this. He had

been honest about his thoughts but he was still calm. I told myself that he

would survive over Christmas day and boxing day and I would pop round

after that. I was spending time in Kent over the Christmas period so I could

drive up and take care of any damage done, on the 27th. Make sure I enter

everything in the notes and document my activity when I get back to the

office.

Forty minutes after my summons to the pub I had been back to the office

made some notes, covered myself for impending doom. Rule number one in

mental health. Then rushed over to the pub, rule number two! My craving had

begun now and my usual choice of Heineken and Jack Daniel's were there

for me. Two hours past and the banter and flirting swelled up and exploded.

Stressed workers having a emotional load taken of with the help of booze

and nicotine. Standing at the bar ordering my tenth JD and coke, the gruff

Scot learned over and said "good job this year! Couldn't of done it without

you!"

I smiled and nodded in recognition, nothing like a pat on the back from your

boss, then turned back to the bar. Let's hope Vanholmes holds it together or

my career in forensic mental health would be short lived. Just as I turned

something caught my eye. A blue pinstriped trouser leg, Churchill brogue and

cane sticking out of a corner booth. Focusing I realised I had found

Vanholmes!

By now I was almost too inebriated to approach a service user, that would

not be appropriate, but I figured Vanholmes is cool and I needed to check on

my clients! I steadied myself collected my drinks from the barmen and headed

in Vanholmes' direction.

"There you are!" said Vanholmes. "I've been looking all over for you!"

Relieved, ashamed and very drunk. "Where the fuck have you been" I

replied. The booze talking for me now

"Oh tut tut. Language dear boy your a professional, remember!"

"Why are you here?" I demanded.

"Why am I here?" why am I here? I can be any fucking place I want to be you

drunkard!" Vanholmes relishing seeing his nurse compromised and pissed.

"Ok Vanholmes. Merry Christmas to you too" I took a gulp of lager.

"And a Merry Christmas to you swell John. How's your Christmas party

going. They all look like they are having a great time."

"Yes. I suppose."

Ask him about the violent thoughts and leave, I thought. This is beyond the

call of duty. Then Vanholmes began to present his Christmas gift.

"Remember what we spoke of the last time we met. About the err.."

Vanholmes pausing for some worrying reason.

"Yes I remember the intrusive stuff!" attempting to focus.

"Well I believe that I have..how should I put this"

My career flashes before me.

"I hate to say this but I think I might have stabbed Ms Mojmader in the
throat!"

I awoke in a unknown environment. A place I had never seen before. I

sat up felt for my wallet. It was there. Felt for my phone it was there. Felt
my

face. It was there. I stood, trying to remember the night before. Took a look
in

the mirror above the fire place. No sign of damage. Must of been business as

usual last night. Then I recalled the last thing I remembered from last night.

Vanholmes had confessed to the murder of Ms Mojmader. I now sat up and

said to myself "I am so fucked!"

A homicide would be too much. I didn't think I could take the investigation

and defiantly didn't could bear up under the stress of losing my registration.
I

reached for my smokes. Two left. Sparked up a red Marlboro my only friend in

the world.

"err I don't think the lady of the house would appreciate that John."

I looked up from my almost lit Marlboro to see Vanholmes standing in the

doorway of the lounge. What the fuck was going on?

"I certainly would not appreciate that john, you can take that outside." said
Ms

Mojmader as she now entered the room. Amazed I looked to Vanholmes.

"Ms Mojmader I thought you were...

"Closed on Christmas day!" Vanholmes interrupted.

"err I.." obviously glad Ms Modmajer was alive and I could keep my career but

how had all this played out?

"Well I know you were a bit pissed last night john but I had to tell you what

was on my mind. I honestly wasn't sure if I had stolen from Ms Mojmaders

shop! So I came too you for advice. Being in such a merry state you

demanded that we come to Ms Mojmaders shop and apologise for any wrong

doing. Being in the state you were, she most festively invited us in for the

night. And well her we are"

"Oh it was my pleasure both of you are valued customers. For some reason

john you were particularly pleased to see me." she beamed that retail smiled.

Vanholmes gazing at his feet.

"So we must be on our way Ms Mojmader. We are so grateful for your.."

"Don't be silly you two are staying for breakfast it's Christmas day." Ms

Mojmader announced.

I tried to make our excuses but Ms Mojmader would not except any

resistance. She told us she would put together a full English. Which to be
fair

was the last thing I needed. As our beautiful and alive, host cooked the

breakfast. I choose this time to interview my client, who I was none to

pleased to see.

"So obviously you didn't stab her in the throat."

"No. An intrusive thought." Said Vanholmes smirking.

"So she thinks you thought you stole from her?"

"Yes. In your inebriated state you were hell-bent on finding out if I really
did

stab Ms Mojmader. So you dragged me to the potential scene of the crime.

Once we arrived and saw that obviously I had imagined the whole thing much

to both of our relief. I quickly used my initiative and told her that, with me

being distracted over the last few days, I couldn't remember if I had paid for

the cigarettes that morning."

"So the stabbing was an intrusive thought?"

"That does appear to be the case and I must say that I feel a lot more

confident deciphering what's real and what's not because of it. Yes. so I
think

this has been a good learning experience for me and ...you, I think I might

Add."

"You could say that Vanholmes. You could say that."

I slid my cigarette back into it's pack. Sat back and smelt the aroma of

Bengali influenced full English fry up and tried to think of for the first
time in

weeks of completely nothing.

"Now about this crime investigation business?"....

  
Written by Andrew Fullagar.

  
Vanholmes.

It was Christmas eve 2009 and for the third morning that week I

was hung over. The last two nights had been a prescription of Jack Daniels

and Heineken dispensed by Forensic mental health nurses across the City of

Tomford mental health trust. All on the Christmas party trail. The festive

binging was leaving it's mark on me and my colleagues. Except my manager!

"I want all service users to be accounted for by four o clock today." Stated
the

hard drinking gruff Scot. Anxious to avoid any serious untoward incidents

over the Christmas period.

Already the our community mental health team had had two major

incidents this year, one suicide and one homicide. He'd rather not return in

January to a trust investigation.

"And that includes Vanholmes!" This sentence was directed at me.

Vanholmes was my client and I thought for the second time that morning

about taking a swig of my ole friend John Daniels from my desk draw. The

thought of venturing out to the inner city to find him triggered my anxiety.
It

was just 9.30 am, I took a deep breath and decided to leave the bourbon till

lunch. Maybe I would catch up with my infamous client by then and I could

have a guilt free drink in the pub. If I found Vanholmes by then my manager

would buy me one for sure. I rose painfully from my desk walked through the

debris of forensic nurses and filled out the white board with my destination,

Bowden High road.

Vanholmes was a perfect mental health service user. Eccentric , educated

and prone to transient psychotic episodes! Which means due to being white

and schooled he avoided the diagnosis of schizophrenia and the stigma that

went with it! Most importantly he struggled with intrusive thoughts. To the

point where he sometimes got confused whether they were real or imagined.

Recently he was reporting that he was having trouble controlling his intrusive

thoughts also that he was having violent ones. He had reassured me that he

was in control of his mind but Christmas was a tough time for Vanholmes and

I needed to make sure he was stable before I took a Christmas break, to drink

my self unconscious!

Vanholmes lived in Bowden. The largest population of Bengali people

outside of Bangladesh. Near the centre of the city it offered many

Bangladeshi restaurants, Bangladeshi boutiques.

Vanholmes cut a strange figure in Bowden. Forty four, Caucasian with a full

head of cropped white hair, handsome face , short and stocky in stature. He

dressed in pinstriped navy blue three piece suit, Bowler hat, brown

Churchill brogues and a onyx and gold walking cane with a gold finish.

Vanholmes had worked as a copywriter before he became unwell. Was

successful too. He had developed a addiction to cocaine due to the pressures

of his job in advertising . Which resulted in Vanholmes experiencing an

acutely paranoid episode where by he found himself hiding in the alley way of

a fast food Establishment holding a box cutter. Paranoid that someone

wanted to attack him and steal his boneless chicken meal. Due to the

obvious detrimental effects of drugs on his life Vanholmes, sort detox first

then rehab and got clean.

After the last two years' events Vanholmes was still fragile. He was referred

by his GP to the community mental health team for assessment . I had been

working with him for approximately three months. Much of our engagement

was around relapse prevention, for the coke. Also some serious work on

letting the intrusive thoughts pass through his mind rather than be

preoccupied with them. Vanholmes at times felt bombarded with unwanted

thoughts, and images in his head. The impulse to act on these was

sometimes too strong for Vanholmes to deny.

Vanholmes also had another addiction, which was the great detective

"Sherlock Holmes"! Since he became a service user he had begun to have

some creative ideas about offering his services to the police as a crime

solving consultant. He felt that he had a delightful insight into the mind of
a

psychotic criminal. He also loved the mysterious romantic figure of

Vanhelsing in the novel Dracula. A good person fighting evil. Hence the

moniker Vanholmes, an alias he had used since the breakdown. Which he

preferred to be called under all circumstance.

Recently we conversed about or should I say he educated me on police

investigation policy and procedure. He even suggested that I join him on

starting up a private investigation agency. Specifically for people with
mental

health difficulties! I have to admit I thought this was a great idea but never

told him so. Mental health nurses needed boundaries and at all times remain

objective and non-judgemental.

10am Bowden high road. If all goes well I could be in the The Bell by lunch

time with the hair of the dog. Getting a pat on the back from my boss and

getting through another year working in mental health without someone killing

themselves or another . Mental health had over the last three years gotten to

grips with me to a degree. Aggressive trust management and unreasonable,

unrealistic demands on nurses to predict risk took its toll on people. As well

as the blame culture that came with it.

I stepped optimistically into Steadmen's cafe one of Vanholmes'

favourite haunts, to see if he had been in. I had accompanied him here many

a time myself.

"Hey boss"- offered Victor From behind the counter.

"Hey . I'm looking for my friend." He knew who I was referring to.

"Are yes, Mister Vanholmes. He came in yesterday. Had his usual. Didn't say

much. Quieter that usual."

"Ok thanks have a nice new year." Wanting to leave before being offered any

fried food.

" John some food " victor never liked to let a client out of his establishment

without them purchasing something.

"Not for me today victor. Trying to keep the weight down before the crimbo

binge"! I left before he could respond.

Outside of steadmen's I took out my soft pack of red Marlboro's

and extracted the first of the day. This was late in the day for me to start
but I

had many the night before and my head couldn't take it till now. Nicotine and

fresh morning polluted air, loved it. After my first hit I needed the caffeine
too.

I nipped backed into the greasy spoon and ordered a cup. Vanholmes

smoked the same cigarettes as me and always bought fresh each morning as

he smoked exactly twenty each day. Maybe that's why we had such great

rapport? I hoped that same rapport would give me some grace this year.

Ms Modmajer news agents was where he bought them. Ms Modmajer a

beautiful Bengali lady, short with a full figure. Perfect personality for
retail.

She made each person feel like an important customer especially each man.

Entering Modmajers newsagents I saw her standing behind the counter.

Unfortunately she was not her normal self, today she seemed distracted.

"Ms Modmajer!"

"John. Merry Christmas." Ms Mojmader a Muslim herself but recognised other

cultures holidays.

"Hi looking for Vanholmes, has he been in yet?"

Again she was not quite herself . She paused before responding.

"..yes john he has..but I don't think he was too good today."

"How so?" I put my hand in my pocket and reached for my cigarettes.

Carefully slid one out and took it in my mouth.

"He seemed to be somewhere else. He ordered his cigarettes but didn't

acknowledge me. Which is unusual."

It was. Ms Modmajer was one of the reasons why Vanholmes bought his

smokes from here, it was also the reason why I accompanied him too.

"He seemed to be talking to himself but like he was having an argument.

Kept moving his lips and face. But not speaking." She smiled. I thanked her.

Outside the news agents I lit up my second cigarette and inhaled. Gulped

down some grey coffee and thought about the report I had just received. This

type of handover was a mental health nurses' bread and butter. News like this

was like the daily stock market check. For me It meant work. It meant

assessment of a mental state. It meant someone was not well. It meant

someone was breaking. I kept thinking, that for Vanholmes -it meant murder!

Maybe it was the hangover that was making me think in such a defeatist

way. Or just the fact that my lunchtime drink was looking unlikely. My third

cigarette would help and it did. Time to stop procrastinating. Vanholmes'

house was just off the high road. A three bed Victorian house with minimalist

modern decor. Lets think positive and get it over with.

Number 221a Blinton st. The curtains were shut. Vanholmes had given me

a key so as I could access his house in times of crisis. He said he'd rather

that than the police kicking down his door . I went in the back door and

entered into the kitchen. Vanholmes was a stickler for cleanliness, his

modern kitchen said "if you cook in here. You better clean up your mess!"

Staring straight at me in the middle of the wall was a movie still of Jack

Nicholson in â€˜one flu over the cuckoos nest' from the scene where he

pretends to swallow his medication given by nurse Ratchet then spits them

out into the face of another patient, whilst playing poker. Vanholmes' house

was full of movie stills. Interestingly none of Sherlock Holmes' adaptations.

He believed they never did the great man justice. Past the kitchen and into

the hall way, lounge and bed area all immaculate in presentation only one

thing was wrong. No Vanholmes!  
  
Intrusive thoughts. The battlefield of the mind. We all suffer. Everyday

each one of us burry's thoughts, feelings ,emotions. To stay in control of our

lives. Instinctively most can let these things float past and not be
distracted

by where they came from, forgets them and endeavours into the day. But

Some like my acquaintance Vanholmes had somehow lost there way. The

sequenced thinking that usually occurs in us all had taken another route.  
  
Now was the time to be concerned. Where else could he be on Christmas

eve? I'm mean obviously there was quite a number of places he could be. But

I didn't have time to search the whole city for him. I didn't want to call the

police because that would be humiliating for the man. If they found him then

they would have to take him to a place of safety, which would undoubtedly be

hospital. Then as if answering my question my work mobile buzzed.

"Hello"

"John! You still out with Vanholmes"? my manager demanded.

"..err yes just got to his house!"

"Well is he alright?"

"Yes he's a.." I didn't have the energy for the truth at that moment.

"Good. Then get down the pub we are finished and I'm buying for everyone .

hurry yourself I'm off to Scotland at 9pm.

"Ok be there in half hour".

I hung up. Staring down at me from above the fire place was Peter Cushing

holding a cross to Christopher Lee's which was not helping me at all. I

decided to give up. I would just have to hope he was ok. Vanholmes had no

phone or pager. He refused to be bothered by me or anyone else in his life, at

any time. He had been slightly on the edge recently but I told myself that he

usually tells me if he was feeling unwell and he had not told me this. He had

been honest about his thoughts but he was still calm. I told myself that he

would survive over Christmas day and boxing day and I would pop round

after that. I was spending time in Kent over the Christmas period so I could

drive up and take care of any damage done, on the 27th. Make sure I enter

everything in the notes and document my activity when I get back to the

office.

Forty minutes after my summons to the pub I had been back to the office

made some notes, covered myself for impending doom. Rule number one in

mental health. Then rushed over to the pub, rule number two! My craving had

begun now and my usual choice of Heineken and Jack Daniel's were there

for me. Two hours past and the banter and flirting swelled up and exploded.

Stressed workers having a emotional load taken of with the help of booze

and nicotine. Standing at the bar ordering my tenth JD and coke, the gruff

Scot learned over and said "good job this year! Couldn't of done it without

you!"

I smiled and nodded in recognition, nothing like a pat on the back from your

boss, then turned back to the bar. Let's hope Vanholmes holds it together or

my career in forensic mental health would be short lived. Just as I turned

something caught my eye. A blue pinstriped trouser leg, Churchill brogue and

cane sticking out of a corner booth. Focusing I realised I had found

Vanholmes!

By now I was almost too inebriated to approach a service user, that would

not be appropriate, but I figured Vanholmes is cool and I needed to check on

my clients! I steadied myself collected my drinks from the barmen and headed

in Vanholmes' direction.

"There you are!" said Vanholmes. "I've been looking all over for you!"

Relieved, ashamed and very drunk. "Where the fuck have you been" I

replied. The booze talking for me now

"Oh tut tut. Language dear boy your a professional, remember!"

"Why are you here?" I demanded.

"Why am I here?" why am I here? I can be any fucking place I want to be you

drunkard!" Vanholmes relishing seeing his nurse compromised and pissed.

"Ok Vanholmes. Merry Christmas to you too" I took a gulp of lager.

"And a Merry Christmas to you swell John. How's your Christmas party

going. They all look like they are having a great time."

"Yes. I suppose."

Ask him about the violent thoughts and leave, I thought. This is beyond the

call of duty. Then Vanholmes began to present his Christmas gift.

"Remember what we spoke of the last time we met. About the err.."

Vanholmes pausing for some worrying reason.

"Yes I remember the intrusive stuff!" attempting to focus.

"Well I believe that I have..how should I put this"

My career flashes before me.

"I hate to say this but I think I might have stabbed Ms Mojmader in the
throat!"

I awoke in a unknown environment. A place I had never seen before. I

sat up felt for my wallet. It was there. Felt for my phone it was there. Felt
my

face. It was there. I stood, trying to remember the night before. Took a look
in

the mirror above the fire place. No sign of damage. Must of been business as

usual last night. Then I recalled the last thing I remembered from last night.

Vanholmes had confessed to the murder of Ms Mojmader. I now sat up and

said to myself "I am so fucked!"

A homicide would be too much. I didn't think I could take the investigation

and defiantly didn't could bear up under the stress of losing my registration.
I

reached for my smokes. Two left. Sparked up a red Marlboro my only friend in

the world.

"err I don't think the lady of the house would appreciate that John."

I looked up from my almost lit Marlboro to see Vanholmes standing in the

doorway of the lounge. What the fuck was going on?

"I certainly would not appreciate that john, you can take that outside." said
Ms

Mojmader as she now entered the room. Amazed I looked to Vanholmes.

"Ms Mojmader I thought you were...

"Closed on Christmas day!" Vanholmes interrupted.

"err I.." obviously glad Ms Modmajer was alive and I could keep my career but

how had all this played out?

"Well I know you were a bit pissed last night john but I had to tell you what

was on my mind. I honestly wasn't sure if I had stolen from Ms Mojmaders

shop! So I came too you for advice. Being in such a merry state you

demanded that we come to Ms Mojmaders shop and apologise for any wrong

doing. Being in the state you were, she most festively invited us in for the

night. And well her we are"

"Oh it was my pleasure both of you are valued customers. For some reason

john you were particularly pleased to see me." she beamed that retail smiled.

Vanholmes gazing at his feet.

"So we must be on our way Ms Mojmader. We are so grateful for your.."

"Don't be silly you two are staying for breakfast it's Christmas day." Ms

Mojmader announced.

I tried to make our excuses but Ms Mojmader would not except any

resistance. She told us she would put together a full English. Which to be
fair

was the last thing I needed. As our beautiful and alive, host cooked the

breakfast. I choose this time to interview my client, who I was none to

pleased to see.

"So obviously you didn't stab her in the throat."

"No. An intrusive thought." Said Vanholmes smirking.

"So she thinks you thought you stole from her?"

"Yes. In your inebriated state you were hell-bent on finding out if I really
did

stab Ms Mojmader. So you dragged me to the potential scene of the crime.

Once we arrived and saw that obviously I had imagined the whole thing much

to both of our relief. I quickly used my initiative and told her that, with me

being distracted over the last few days, I couldn't remember if I had paid for

the cigarettes that morning."

"So the stabbing was an intrusive thought?"

"That does appear to be the case and I must say that I feel a lot more

confident deciphering what's real and what's not because of it. Yes. so I
think

this has been a good learning experience for me and ...you, I think I might

Add."

"You could say that Vanholmes. You could say that."

I slid my cigarette back into it's pack. Sat back and smelt the aroma of

Bengali influenced full English fry up and tried to think of for the first
time in

weeks of completely nothing.

"Now about this crime investigation business?"....

  
Written by Andrew Fullagar.

