### THE DECISION by JohnSachu

**Date Added:** 2010-04-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** In despiration, a lone woman has to make a hard decision. 

* * *

THE DECISION

  
Elaine didn't know what to do while waiting nervously for Harold to return.
She had stolen from him one too many times, big, this time, and he'd be out
for blood when he came back. She knew he'd kill her.

She sat in the big overstuffed chair of the flop house living room staring at
the stack of money on the edge of one wide arm and waited and thought how he
might do it. Shoot her? Choke her to death? Or even beat her head in with the
butt of his big 45 Colt? Anything ultra violent, that was his way. He'd have
to go get it first, though, his gun. He always left it in his dresser drawer
when he went to the bank. She didn't know how it would happen, but she knew it
would. At least half that pile was hers and that made her angry, that he
thought every bit of it belonged to him.

She leaned forward in the chair and spread her legs, putting her elbows on her
beautifully stocking knees, her face in her hands. All she had was her body.
Her brain was untrained without any marketable skills beyond being a damn good
stripper, knowing what excited and got the howls from the men down at the
club.

Looking at her ankle, she rubbed the skin where the frayed strap from the red
high heels irritated it. The five thousand that was suppose to be in the bank
wouldn't cause him to be too pleased with her. But he was such a cheap bastard
she had no reason not to get some kind payback for his cruelty and perverse
abuses. And he never bought her a damn thing. All he wanted to do was drink
hard booze, scam people, or out and out rob them at gun point. It was nineteen
thirty-nine, for pity sakes. There was plenty of work out there. Why didn't he
just get an honest job and get it over with? They could have had a decent life
together. But Harold would never change. She knew that more than he did.

Elaine lay back against the cushioned softness of the chair, thoroughly spent
from thinking about what Harold would or would not do.

After a few more minutes of morbidity, she came to a decision and scooped up
the money then went to the bedroom, took a fast shower, combed out her long
blond hair and purposely left off her makeup. She dressed in the only skirt
and suit jacket she owned, then donned her worn over coat. She had decided she
would leave town. Yeah. That was simple enough. She'd leave for California and
try to break into acting out there, like people had been telling her to do for
years, down at the club. With the five G's and the other seven thousand she'd
stolen, little by little from Harold, out of angry spite, over the last three
years, that nest egg would make things easier out on the coast, at least for a
while.

She sat in the chair, again, waiting. Her few belongings in the medium sized
suitcase beside her.

Harold finally came in with a big scowl on his face and shut the door behind
him with a slam, his eyes burning. "I'm going to kill you, Elaine. You've
stolen from me for the last time."

He rushed her, as she had anticipated. Smoothly but quickly, she slipped the
forty five with its silencer screwed onto the barrel from beneath the fold of
the overcoat and fired the heavy pistol almost point blank. The slug hit him
in the left lung and he jerked back, looking down at the hole in his shirt
with surprise and then with pain. He dropped forward like a fallen tree. He
moved a little, made some gasping noises, then stopped. Elaine was surprised
how much the gun had kicked.

She stood up, looking at the fat muscular slob that wanted her for only one
thing. She aimed, holding the gun with both hands this time, and squeezed the
trigger. Again, the subdued thumping sound was loud but no louder than if
she'd dropped a dinner plate on the apartment's wooden floor. There was a nice
dark hole in the back of Harold's head.

"I guess I'm suppose to feel guilty," she spoke out loud to herself. "But I
don't feel anything. Do you hear me, Harold. I don't feel a stinking thing,
you pig." She kicked him several times in the face and ribs, but he was beyond
feeling it.

Elaine carefully released the hammer of the gun to midpoint and slipped the 45
auto into her big snap-shut white purse and picked up her suitcase. They
wouldn't find him for a week or so, probably.

"Not a thing," she said, with a frightening coldness to her voice as she
closed and locked the apartment door.

