### Deception. Chapter One. by NeonShade

**Date Added:** 2010-05-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Chapter One Of A Series I Will Try To Update At Least Once A Week. 

* * *

Chapter one.

The child was watching her again. His silent child eyes following her up and
down across the room.

Ignore him, she thought.

As she sat down on a chair in the oddly quiet waiting room of the doctors
building.

The child claimed a seat across from her.

His long black hair hanging neatly over his eyes.

His mother was not here. Wait, did his mother or father even come in with him?

He started flapping his legs under and out from under the seat, giving a
creepy grin as his head shot back up, and stared at her once more.

His eyes were a brilliant green, and the evil vibe the child was constantly
giving out was growing stronger every second. She could not wait to leave this
building.

“Angela Maton?” The doctor stood from the down the hallway.

Thick glasses covering his eyes.

“I’ll see you now.” And he was gone, the door slammed behind him .Standing up,
Angela gathered her belongings, her red purse her sister had given her last
year from a trip to Turkey. She patted her pockets down, making sure her
mobile phone and keys had stayed where they belonged .She looked at the child
once more before she left. He did not look at her this time; he kept his gaze
fixed on the ground below him .As she proceeded down the hallway, the sound of
her own footsteps started to alarm her. It was way to quiet here, it usually
was, but something about today was eerily scary.Calm down,_ its because of
that stupid kid playing games with your head._ She look to her left and seen
the door with DOCTOR ADAM GRIFF wrote on it. Her usual doctor, she opened the
door and stepped inside.Then her heart started to beat fast.The lights where
of. A cool breeze swished past her neck and suddenly she was alerted. Somebody
was here, but not the doctor. She continued over to the light switch.

She always knew where everything was in this room, as she was frequently
here.She flicked on the light as it covered the room. Then all colour drained
from her face.On the wall furthest from her, the doctor lay on the ground with
multiple deep slashes on his throat and torso.

Blood spewed out from the wounds. He wasn’t dead long. The heart was still
beating as blood still oozed out of the gruesome wounds.

On the wall above him, written in blood showed:Turn of the light. I’m still
here.She didn’t know why she did it. But she turned the light off.Her
breathing grew heavy, she battled the urge to panic and scramble back into the
public.

Safe from the monster who did this.She turned the light back on, and the
writing disappeared, but it was replaced by another sentence.

It said:** GOOD GIRL, YOU DID AS I SAID. THE GOOD DOCTOR CANNOT SEE YOU NOW.
GOOD-BYE.**

Chapter Two coming soon.

