### Deception. Chapter Two. by NeonShade

**Date Added:** 2010-05-12. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

Chapter Two.

Shocked and traumatized by the recent turn of events, Angela could barely
bring herself to call the police and notify them on what had just happened,
she left the doctors room, the other people waiting for the doctors to see
them noticed her pale face and scared expression.

"Excuse me," A woman tugged on Angela's coat. "Are you OK?"  
  
Angela turned around slowly, looking at the old woman and her sweet face which
showed genuine care and interest.

"Oh, yes I'm fine...Thank you." Angela replied, dryly and without emotion.  
The woman simply nodded and smiled, but she knew something was wrong, although
the doctor been murdered was definitely not on her mind, as she didn’t know,
she presumed that Angela had got some bad medical news and was taken it rather
badly.  
Angela went outside, digging her mobile out of her coat pocket, her trembling
fingers barely were able to dial in the emergency number.  
The phone rang twice, and then somebody answered.

"Hello?" Angela said, keeping her tone calm so she wouldn't go into hysterics.
"Can I have the police please, a doctor I see regularly has just been
murdered, can you please send an ambulance and squad car, the address is 38
Clanbrassil Avenue, 5th street. Thank you." Without waiting for a reply, she
hung up, the people in the waiting room were still eyeing her, and then the
door leading to the waiting room opened.

The creepy young boy was walking with his mother, a beautiful woman with curly
brown hair, she looked young, she must have had this kid while in her
twenties. The boy walked passed Angela, sucking a small lollipop in his mouth
as he passed, as his mother and him stopped to cross the busy road, the boy
slowly turned, taking the lollipop out of his mouth, and gave a wide eyed
smile to Angela.

Angela turned around fast, feeling a chill run down her very spine, when she
turned back to see the child, he was gone, as if he disappeared into thin air.

She waited patiently for the police car to arrive, and within five minutes,
the people in the waiting room were asked to leave, Angela was asked to escort
the police to the body.

When the police went into the doctor’s room, the body was there, but the
writing on the wall was gone...instead, a new sentence appeared, "I'm watching
you."

Chapter Three soon!

