### THE B.A. by dada

**Date Added:** 2010-05-17. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

The building and its soroundings form a privileged environment in the city.

Situated four kilometres from the city of Lom√®, it is the most admirable quite
place with its cool weather in the hot Togo.Young boys and girls know each
other there; they call it a place of amities. Guests enjoy the sweet psalms
during the lauds and vespers, chanted by the inspired novices of St John Of
God, to where the place belongs.The rollicking psalms not only provide sweet
melodies but also a foundation to the non believers.Those who want to pass
their exams waste no time in asking for a study place. Though tough to secure
a study place but once seized, success is the result.

Sunday is the day for big people. Thanks to the woodland which provides a
superb climate for meditation, praying the rosary and solving family
problems.It is a place where bonhomie never lacks.

But all this sweet time is past. 1998 came with the bad side of the BDP as we
use to abbreviate it in french.'Batiment de paix... meaning the buiding of
peace. Altruism, genorosity, happiness and love had been replaced by fear and
aloofness. No one would no longer want to place their legs within the compound
of the BDP.

Not only was it the home of love and peace but also the place of crime. The
most dangerous gang in west africa held their meetings there. The Blood
African abbreviated B.A. found the place suitable for their plans. Nobody knew
untill the death of the primate, cardinal Kofi. Why cardinal Kofi? It still
remains unanswered up to date. His putrescent remains were found in the middle
of the woodland. doctors say that the game might probably have been played on
the 15th August, ten days before the putsch of the Togolese government by the
B.A. But perplexing , was the absence of the manhood of the primate.Just at
the glimpse at the corpse the murderers had enough and good reasons for their
act. Where ever they might be, they had no slightest compunction. They had
done what they wanted. The primate died just according to their dreams.

Investigators still insist that the absence of the manhood of the primate is a
clue to the cause of the murder. It was deliberately done so that the church
might respond to the problem of rape cases commited by many priests.But how
they managed to accomplish their plan remains a mystery op to date....

To be continued...

