### Between the Eyes by ArcherFan

**Date Added:** 2010-06-10. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The deputy director of one of the biggest companies in Pakistan is suddenly murdered. There are 5 possible suspects, and just as the police identify the prime suspect, something happens that no one can possibly predict. (PLEASE COMMENT ON IT ONCE YOU'VE READ IT, YOUR CRITICISM IS MUCH MUCH NEEDED) 

* * *

﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿

BETWEEN THE EYES

Sachal Aqeel Safdar (ArcherFan)

There was a deep fear in his eyes. His face was drained of all blood, with the
result of being as white as the wall behind him. Beads of perspiration showed
on face. His usually calm mind had gone haywire. He tried to think this wasn’t
happening, that he was having a bad dream. But it seemed absolutely real. He
was gone for, soon to be wiped off the face of the earth. Death would engulf
him soon.

The next minute, it came. The sound of a muffled gunshot. The bullet struck
him right between his eyes. In an explosion of red, Khalid Abbas’s lifeless
body hit the floor.

The murderer smiled at his achievement, and walked away.

The next day’s THE NEWS had the following story:

_DREADFUL DEMISE OF DEPUTY DIRECTOR WAJID & SONS_

_By Jamshed Gul_

_ _

_ _

_KARACHI__: 17 May:- The body of Khalid Abbas, deputy director of the infamous
trading company Wajid & Sons was found in his house this Tuesday, with what
appeared to be a bullet hole between his eyes._

_ Khalid Abbas, 47, was reportedly the eighth richest person of __Pakistan__.
He was part of the infamous Wajid & Sons for six years although he was only
promoted to deputy director last year. His death has come as a great shock to
the company._

_ “We can’t imagine who would do such a thing to Mr.Abbas. It has been a great
shock to all of us. He was a great asset to our company and his invaluable
contributions can never be forgotten. We definitely want to find out who did
this to him and put them to task.” Said Asghar Zaman, current CEO of the
highly successful company._

_ “So far we are baffled by the case. Our best men have been appointed to the
case. We hope to have an answer for the murder very soon.” Inspector Bilal
Hussain commented._

_ Wajid & Sons are now expected to appoint Muhammad Rafi as the new deputy
director of the company. Khalid Abbas’s only son is currently undergoing
O-Levels from a popular institute._

_ _

Inspector Bilal Hussain tossed away the newspaper. He was sitting in his
office, in Clifton Police Station. Sitting with him was Inspector Yousaf Khan.

“Well Yousaf,” Hussain began, “this is a damned difficult case. So many
suspects. Do you have the list I ordered?”

Khan quietly handed him the list. Hussain began reading it carefully:

_Possible suspects:  
Ahmed Abbas, son, benefits financially, will receive money upon reaching age
21._

_ _

_Asghar Zaman, CEO, may not like the victim, may have issues._

_ _

_Muhammad Rafi, probable new deputy director, victim’s death makes way for
him._

_ _

_Farooq Ali, servant, may not like victim, may have issues._

_ _

_Fatima Malik, secretary, may not like victim, may have issues._

_ _

“Let’s start from the top,” Hussain said, having read the list thoroughly
twice. “Young Ahmed Abbas is 15, correct?”

“Yes”.

“Hardly a killing age.”

“We’ve seen it before,” Khan insisted.

“Agreed. Next, Mr.Zaman. We need a more concrete reason for his killing.”

“Understood.”

“Next,” Hussain continued, “Mr.Rafi, good motive, I’d say he’s the prime
suspect.”

“Understood.”

“The servant and the secretary. Interview them.”

“Right.”

“Get to work,” Hussain ordered.

Ahmed Abbas turned out to be a miniature version of his father. He was short,
with dark brown eyes and a hint of a moustache. The first thing Inspector
Yousaf Khan noticed about him was the fact that he was oddly calm and
composed; Khan wondered if this kid could have wanted his dad out of the way.

“Ahmed,” Khan began, “I’m sure your father’s death has come as a great shock
to you. We’re all very sorry for your loss.”

“Thank you,” he replied. Again, Khan was surprised by the firmness in the
15-year-old’s voice.

“You’ve been notified that your dad was, er, --“

“Murdered, yes.”

“Do you know anyone who might have wanted your dad out of the way?”

“Plenty of people work with him,” Ahmed replied. “Most of them could have a
reason to kill him.”

“Undoubtedly. You don’t specifically know anyone who had issues with your
father?”

“No.”

“I understand that your mother died when you were a child?”

“Yes, in a car accident.”

Khan wondered if that was the reason this kid had become so unmoved to the
tragedy.

“Thank you very much.” Khan said as he rose.

Muhammad Rafi lived in a duplex house in Gulshan, Karachi. He had a wife and
two kids. He was a tall man, in his late forties, clean-shaven and
bespectacled with intelligent eyes. Khan was greeted at the door by Mrs.Rafi
who was short, about 5’1, with black hair. She led him to the study, where
Rafi was sitting.

“You are, I’m sure, aware why I’m here,” Khan started.

“Yes, the terrible murder.”

“That is correct. You are also expected to be made the new deputy director.”

There was a thoughtful pause.

“Yes, but-“

“You shall only answer the questions, please. Technically, you gain the most
from Mr.Abbas’s death.”

“No!” Rafi replied quickly.

“Well you’ll be made the new deputy director, a handsome salary will be given
to you. How come that’s not a gain?”

“It is, but there was one other person who hated Khalid.”

“Who?” Khan asked, interested.

“I can’t say, it’ll cost me my job.”

“I understand, you are referring to your boss.”

Rafi nodded.

“Why didn’t he like Mr.Abbas?” Khan inquired.

“The two didn’t see eye to eye. Khalid is- was more of a creative person. He
gave new ideas. Mr.Zaman is more of a by-the-book person.”

“Hardly a motive, Mr.Rafi, but I’ll look into it. Thank you for your time.”

“I’m the prime suspect aren’t I?”

Khan paused.

“So far, yes.”

When Khan had first gone to Khalid Abbas’s house, to question his son, the
servant Farooq Ali wasn’t home. After the interview with Rafi, Khan went back
to Abbas’s. Farooq was at home on this occasion.

He was shorter than his owners, with a small beard. He was well paid, Khan
guessed, but still wore simple _shalwar kameez_. He was quite respectful, or
perhaps a great actor, Khan thought with a smile.

“Farooq,” Khan began. “You know why I’m here?”

“Yes, sir. _Saab’s _murder.” He winced at the word.

“Indeed. Did you kill him?”

Farooq’s jaw dropped. After ten seconds of recovery, he finally spoke.

“No, sir, no I didn’t. Please, you have to believe me. I’m a humble servant. I
like working here. _Saab _was very kind. Sir_”

“Calm down, Farooq. I was simply asking, not accusing. Do you know who killed
him?”

“Perhaps somebody at work? I do not know. There are bad people out there, no?”

“Certainly, certainly.” Khan said thoughtfully. “Can I ask you something in
full confidentiality?”

“Of course, sir.”

“Do you think young Mr.Abbas killed his father?”

There was a pause.

“Well, sir; you understand my job rests in the balance-“

“Naturally, this is in full confidence.”

“All I can say, sir, is that young Mr.Abbas isn’t like other children of his
age.”

“Hmm. Very well.”

It was after two days that Inspector Khan was allowed to visit Mr.Asghar
Zaman, CEO of Wajid & Sons. Khan went to the CEO’s house, located in DHA. It
was a large residence, double story, with a fashionable pink design. Inspector
Yousaf Khan hadn’t expected anything less from the fifth richest person of the
country. He was once married and divorced. This again was no surprise for
Khan.

Asghar Zaman was tall, with a gentle moustache and nearly balding hair; a sign
of his 54-year-old self.

“Mr.Zaman, thank you so much for your time.”

“No problem, this concerns one of my best employees, I have to deal with it.”

He knows he’s a suspect, Khan thought. Aloud he said:

“Both of us are very busy, Mr.Zaman, so I’m going to cut to the chase. Who do
you think killed Khalid Abbas?”

“I have a company to run, Inspector. I wouldn’t be a very good CEO if I named
my employees as murderers.”

“You wouldn’t be a very good human being if you withheld this information.”
Khan said.

“I can’t be sure, but it could _probably _be-“ he stopped.

“Be?” Khan prompted.

“My new deputy director.”

“Mr.Rafi?”

Zaman nodded.

“Thank you.” Khan said.

The same day, Khan went to visit Fatima Malik, the secretary. Khan was already
confused with the answers everybody had given him. Everyone was trying to
protect his own self. That was always the problem with murders. Khan wanted to
be done with Miss Malik soon. She lived in an apartment in Clifton.

She was the only person amongst the group of six suspects who looked genuinely
sorrowed. Khan was suspicious. After all she was just a secretary. She was
about 5’5 with black hair tied in a bun. She was in her twenties.

“Miss Malik, I assume you know why I’m here?”

“Of course,” she said.

“I’m sure it has been a great shock to you.”

And she burst into tears. For two minutes Khan sat back, awed at the tears
floating down her cheeks. Finally, she calmed down a bit. Khan resumed.

“Miss, don’t worry. I’ll be done before you know it. You need to understand
that I have to conduct this investigation.”

“O-Of course,”

“Who do you think had a motive for killing him?”

“I d-don’t know. M-many people could have wanted to k-kill him.”

“Is that so?” Khan asked, trying to conceal his interest in the remark.

“Well yes, he was a very s-successful man you see.”

“I wonder if you could be a bit more specific as to whom you have in mind?”

“I can’t say; I was just his secretary.”

“That’s exactly why I’m asking you.”

“Well,” she thought for a moment. “I shouldn’t be saying this, but you know
our boss, Mr.Zaman? He was always in Mr.Abbas’s ear; telling him to do things
by the book.”

“Interesting.”

The next morning, Inspector Yousaf Khan placed a newly compiled list in front
of Inspector Bilal Hussain. The latter studied it carefully.

_Possible suspects (in order of possibility)_

_1\. Muhammad Rafi, made the new deputy director today, huge gain, only named
by CEO as murderer._

_ _

_2\. Asghar Zaman, didn’t get along with victim, named by Muhammad Rafi and
Fatima Malik as murderer._

_ _

_3\. Ahmed Abbas, no reaction to murder, named by own servant as murderer._

_ _

_4\. Farooq Ali, possibly didn’t get along with victim, might’ve blamed Ahmed
Abbas to hide himself, otherwise why would he accuse his master?_

_ _

_5\. Fatima Malik, no possible motive._

_ _

“This is a very interesting list,” Hussain commented.

“How so?” Khan asked.

“Well, for numerous reasons. Firstly, I’m surprised by how high you’ve chosen
to place young Abbas on the list. I would definitely rank him below his
servant.”

“Right.” Khan admitted grudgingly.

“Second, two people have accused Mr.Zaman and yet he is _below _Mr.Rafi?”

“Sir that’s because Mr.Rafi still has the best motive. The people probably
hate their boss, so they’re blaming Mr.Zaman.”

“Very good,” Hussain commented, impressed. “Lastly, I see you have fallen for
the secretary’s crying and put her at the bottom.”

“She doesn’t ha-“ Khan stopped. “Wait a minute, I never told you she cried.”

“You do not need to tell me everything, some things I can figure out,” Hussain
said with a smile.

Muhammad Rafi was scared. No, terrorized. He was going to meet the same fate
as his predecessor. The gun was pointing straight at him. He prayed, trying to
hope for a miracle. But it was never going to come. He was done for,

The next moment, there was the gunshot. It hit Rafi between his eyes. He fell
back; devoid of life.

“Well one thing’s for sure, this is one stupid murderer.” Khan commented the
next day. “He just knocked our prime suspect dead.”

“That may be true, but we still need to figure out why Mr.Rafi was killed.”  
“Maybe someone just has it in for deputy directors.” Khan remarked.

“I think the best possible motive is blackmail.”

“How so?” Khan inquired.

“Well, Rafi found out who killed Mr.Abbas, and was blackmailing the murderer.
The murderer killed him too.”

“When you put it that way, all four of the remaining people are suspects.”

“Yes,” Hussain said.

Inspector Hussain was dreaming. He was in Mr.Abbas’s room, staring at his dead
body. No. He was staring at something behind the body; the wall. But what on
the wall? Of course, the bullet hole. Why was he staring at the bullet hole?

Hussain woke up with a start. He knew what he had to do.

As soon as Inspector Khan came into Inspector Hussain’s office the next day,
Inspector Hussain took him to the Abbas residence, and straight into the
murder room.

“I know how to find the murderer. You see, in case of Mr.Abbas, the bullet
hole is very low on the wall. Did you see that?”

“Yes,” Khan replied, wondering where this was going.

“Well, let’s assume Mr.Abbas was kneeling. Whoever shot him was obviously very
tall. That is why the angle created was so steep. The bullet went through
Mr.Abbas’s head at a steep angle, and therefore hit the wall at its base.”

“How do we know he was kneeling?” Khan asked, suddenly interested.  
“Because if he was standing, the bullet would have to be shot from near the
roof to hit the wall at its base. Now, the tallest among our suspects is?”

“Well no one is that tall, Asghar Zaman, the CEO, is 5’10.”

“No, no. I mean the original suspects.”

“Wha-“ Khan began, and then he realized. His face turned white. “_Muhammad
Rafi?_” he asked incredulously.

Inspector Hussain nodded.

“But that doesn’t make sense, Rafi himself was killed.” Khan said. “It
couldn’t be suicide.”

“No, it wasn’t.”

“Then what?”

“We’ll have to go to Rafi’s house to find out.” Hussain said, excited.

They were in Muhammad Rafi’s study, where he was killed. The bullet hole was
higher up the wall this time.

“Well,” Hussain said. “Rafi was taller, therefore when he knelt, the bullet
would be higher up compared to Abbas. Judging by the bullet hole, I’d say that
the murderer was not much taller than Rafi when he was kneeling.”

“What? That means the murderer wasn’t more than 5’1; nobody amongst our
suspects is 5’1.” Khan stated.

Suddenly Inspector Hussain knew, he knew everything.

“Tell me again,” Khan insisted. “From the beginning.”

“Very well.” Hussain said. “The first murder is fairly straight forward. We
always suspected that Muhammad Rafi had the most to gain from the death of
Khalid Abbas; since Rafi would be made the new deputy director in place of
Mr.Abbas. We were right. Rafi killed him, and got ready to assume the place of
deputy director.”

“So far I follow you,” Khan said.

“However then, Rafi himself got murdered. We immediately tried finding someone
who had committed _both _murders, but we were wrong. Since we have established
that Rafi is the first killer, naturally the second killer found out about
Rafi murdering Mr.Abbas.”

“Right.”

“Well, now it could be young Ahmed Abbas, who wanted to avenge the death of
his father. Or it could be the servant, Farooq, who wanted to avenge the death
of his master. But neither of them fit the profile of the murderer. Our second
murderer is 5’1, while young Mr.Abbas is 5’4 and Farooq is 5’3. Even if we can
somehow link Miss.Malik, she’s 5’5 and therefore also out. So who is it? And
then I realized.”

Khan’s heart was beating hard.

“It was Mrs.Rafi!”

“What! Why?” Khan asked, dumbfounded.

“Because, my dear, she found out about her husband being the murderer; I can’t
know how. She therefore decided that if her husband was killed, nobody would
know that he was the original killer, and everyone would want to link both
murders with a common killer.”

“O God!” Khan said.

“It’s a shame,” Hussain said. “Mrs.Rafi wanted to save the reputation of her
family, and she killed her own husband in the process. Both husband and wife
are killers!”

“O God!” Khan repeated. At last he said: “Incredible.”

