### Dont Drink and Dive by Maverickrcn-48

**Date Added:** 2010-06-18. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

The door flung open with a dozen of police officer yeilding shot guns stormed
through the door into Billy the drug dealer's house. Billy was one of the most
wanted in America after selling close to ten million dollars worth of cocaine
last year, but a snitch in the police ranks had tipped Billy off so he wouldnt
be home to get caught.

"Freeze, get down on the ground now!" yelled a police officer as they stormed
the house looking for Billy.

Two men made a dash for the back door as a couple of officers quickly followed
in pursuit running for the back door. as the ment split up to go different
ways, once decided he would run out onto the road then without looking got hit
by a speeding tractor.

"Sorry mate", yelled out the man driving the tractor as he continued on
speeding.

As one of the police officers looked out onto the road and saw the body laying
then he said "ahaha, one down and one to go"

With one guy down and one to go the two police officers gave up chase not
knowing where he went, as the yran past the trash can where the guy was
hiding, but in the distance there was a oice which was getting closer and
closer. "Jacko is that you man" said an old male with grey hair and a nice
suit.

"Yeah it's me, why do you ask im trying to hide here, who are you?", said
Jacko who smelt like tuna fish.

"It's me Billy".

"Billy man am i glad to see you, what are you doing here?, The cops are
looking for you man" replied Jacko as he gets out of the trash can.

To the suprise of Jacko, there was Billy standing in front of him as he got
out of the trash can, "what didnt think it was me?" questioned Billy.

"Nope i really didnt think it was you, thought it was a copper", replied Jacko

As the police officers made their way back to Billys house they had noticed
that there was some more police cars out in front of Billy's house. when they
pushed open the broken door that had bullet holes through it, they had noticed
two officers lying on the ground.

"What the hell happened here??" replied a police officer in shock of what he
has just seen.

"Billy went nuts and shot two of our polic officers as he drove past in a
drive by shooting", said a police officer with blood all over his hands and
shirt.

As Billy escaped in his black BMW, after shooting two of the police officers,
he was now the most wanted criminal as they had been looking for him for quite
awhile now.

Three police cars speed away in search of Billy. Not knowing where Billy was
too, the officers just searched the local area as they didnt natch his number
plate. A couple of police officers had already gone to his other location
which is one of his safe houses which wasnt safe anymore.

Billy said to Jacko, "We need to get back to my house; because im 100% sure
they are currently searching it."

As jacko replied with fear in is voice "I really dont want to go back there
but i guess if we need to we can go back and watch for a little while".

"Good", replied Billy as he pulled over and did a quick u-turn.

As they made their way back to Billy's house they decided to go and get some
alchol to drink whilst waiting for the chance to go get what Billy wanted from
his house, but they also needed a new car so as Billy would always do he went
and got the alchol whilst Jacko went and stole a car.

"what kind of car is this?" questioned Billy angrily at Jacko's choice.

"I don't see anything wrong with an old Chevrolet", replied Jacko.

"Alright it's good enough, lets get going" as Billy pilled the alchol in the
back of the Chevrolet.

They made their way back to Billy's house and police officers were everywhere!
So they decided to pull up in someone else's driveway. As they came to a stop
Jacko said quietly "This would have to be one of your stupidest idea's Billy."

Billy didnt say anything back and grabbed a couple of beers out from the
carton he bought "Here ya go Jacko", said Billy with a grin on his face

As the hours went by and Billy drank more ad more when suddenly he saw th
chance to go climb up and snatch something from the second level wgucg was
wirtg a lot of money to him..

Billy jumped the fence and quickly ran pas the pool and Billy signalled Jacko
to come over and help, but Jacko didnt come, "OI, come over here and help"
said Billy angrily.

"Fine if i must"replied Jacko as he jumped the fence.

"you've clearl had too much to drunk", said Jacko as he slurred some of his
words aswell.

"Nonsense ill be fine", said Billy as Jacko stumbled over and gave him a
boost.

Billy climbed up with ease and opened the door to the room, "aha they havent
searched this room yet". as billy smiled with excitment.

Billy quickly wrapped the two bags of drugs around his waist which weighted
almost as much as he did. Then he headed for the window when suddenly the door
opened as a plice officer came running into hte room and withdrew his weapon,
but before he could fire at Billy, Billy had already jumped out of the window
into the pool.

"Jacko help me up man!" said Billy panicking as he went under water

But before Jacko could help him Billy sunk to to the bottom of the pool... and
then a couple of police officers came and fished him out of the pool in an
attempt to try and keep him alive, but nothing worked.

