### Suicide by aditya87

**Date Added:** 2010-08-20. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** It is a story of a farmer who lost his life after getting stuck up in the cruel intricacies of the rural India 

* * *

**SUICIDE!**

February 17, 2004

Bikaner

It was a bright afternoon; occasional gusts of winds were flowing through the
village. Hundreds of people were gathered at the funeral. It was the funeral
of Madhav Shastri, the most industrious & honest farmer of the village. The
whole atmosphere was bedlam .Relatives in large numbers turned out for the
funeral.

His wife & five children were weeping incessantly, relative were trying to
calm them but their efforts proved futile. The torch to light the pyre of
Madhav Shastri was given to his 12 year old son by the pundit & Madhav’s soul
was back with his Maker.

“He never looked like he would commit suicide “said one relative

“He was a ray of hope for many cowardly souls, why did he commit suicide?”
asked another

**1**

Madhav Shastri was a 52 year old farmer who lived in a village situated at the
outskirts of Bikaner. He was a warm hearted, vivacious person with a never-say
–die attitude even when his life was in penury. He had three nubile daughters
& two sons of about 12 years. As in India even today agriculture depends upon
the rain God .Unfortunately that year’s monsoon didn’t provide enough showers.
Most of the farmers in the village were in deep trouble as the village was in
the jaws of a severe drought. These were the times the landlord in the village
used to wait for, because the poor farmers had no option other than asking
them for help. The landlords used to provide economic help to the farmers & in
return they wanted them to work for as indentured laborers & mortgage their
lands. The farmers used to have no alternative but to succumb.

The Government had earlier announced a drought relief fund for the farmers
.The illiterate farmers never really knew about the help from the Government.
The landlords used to take advantage of this weakness of the farmers.

Madhav’s eldest daughter was of marriageable age & he had to plan her marriage
but the drought has damaged his budget. So he had to go to the landlord for
help. The landlord was a stout, short man & _lungi _clad man. He was dark &
always found to be caressing his moustaches with pride. His two servants were
massaging his feet. A tentative knock was heard.

“Who is that?” said the landlord in an authoritative voice.

“_Hukum_, this is Madhav Shastri” came the reply

“Come in”

“_Hukum_ my daughter is 20, I have to plan her marriage but this year’s
drought is not allowing me to do so” said Madhav & quickly fell at the feet of
landlord.

“Don’t worry I will give you Rs 50000 but in return ……”

“Sir I have brought the papers of land & I am ready for labor” said Madhav &
gave the registry papers to the landlord.

“Bhanu give him Rs 50,000 from the drawer “instructed the landlord to his
servant.

Madhav went home happy & delighted & gave the good news to his wife.

2

“Ishwar kaka have some sweets Saloni’s marriage is finalized. I am very happy
for her just give your blessing kaka”said an elated Madhav to his neighbour.

The news spread around the village like a wildfire. Everybody in the village
came to Madhav’s house to congratulate him. Madhav went to the landlord’s
house to give him the sweets,found the door was opened .A middle-aged person
who looked like a govt official was deep in conversation with the landlord.

“Sirjee this is Rs 25 lacs from the Drought Relief Fund” said the man

“Oh thank you so much we are very grateful to you” said the landlord

“Sirjee just take care of us” said the man with servile grin on his face

The landlord ordered a young girl to take the man to the guest’s house & take
special care of him. Madhav was listening to all this. _This bastard takes our
money which the government is giving for our welfare & also takes our land. I
should tell everybody about this. _As he turned to go a piece of metal dropped
from nowhere & made noticeable sound & everybody said in unison” Who is
there?”

“Catch him” ordered the landlord to his servants.

Madhav starts running as fast as possible but in no time he was caught. The
men of landlord dragged him to the landlord & starts hitting him sticks.

“What were you listening to” said the landlord

“I will tell everybody in the village the injustice you did to us” Madhav
gasped.

“Listen you pig with if you tell anybody of this you will see your going to be
son in law dead in the marriage you know my power” said the landlord angrily &
gave Madhav another kick on his butt.

Madhav came home with despair in his heart. He could not sleep whole night
because he was thinking if he should tell everybody the truth or let his
daughter’s married life be ruined. He decided not to tell the truth to the
villagers & organized his daughter’s marriage peacefully; everybody in the
village came to give their blessing to the couple.

3

February 16, 2004

11:30 PM

Bikaner

A meeting was going on at the landlord’s house to decide about Madhav.

“Hukum he has got his daughter married now, he has no tension I think we
should kill him, he can be a danger” said one servant

“I have decided what to do to him come with me” said the landlord with a grin

Madhav had sent his wife & children to their grandparent’s home. He was alone
in the house.

_Thad, came_ the sound & opened the door & in front of Madhav was the landlord
with his four men.

“Why are you here I didn’t tell anyone” said Madhav

“You will never be able to”

“What do you mean?”

“I never allow anyone to pose danger to me” he said & took out a bottle of
poison from his pocket & signaled to Madhav to drink it.

“I’ll never do that”

“You’ll have to” said the landlord & signaled to his men.

They held Madhav & the landlord punched him in the stomach. He forcibly made
Madhav to drink the poison. He fought for fifteen minutes & finally died. The
landlord & his men left the house stealthily.

Next day the news of Madhav’s death spread through the whole village like
wildfire. His family returned as soon as they got the news. The whole village
gathered at his house & the agony of his death could be felt in the air of the
village.

February 18, 2004

In a small column on the last page of a leading daily came the news “A farmer
committed suicide after falling under the burden of financial crisis”

A man was reading the newspaper, his wife appeared

” Your tea darling” she said

“Hey look at this, our media is so negative they only publish the news of
murder, rape, suicide etc”

**THE END******

ADITYA UPADHYAY

**THE STORY TELLER**

