### MURDER POSTPONED by J.L.WHITEHOUSE

**Date Added:** 2010-09-06. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** A bullet is lodged in Jed's chest. And it's getting closer to his heart all the time. 

* * *

Jed Miller splashed whiskey into a glass and added a touch of soda. In his
early fifties, he was of medium height and slight build, with gaunt features
and greying hair. Turning from the drinks cabinet, he shuffled across the
room, his movements stiff and jerky. He handed the glass to the reporter
seated in one of the armchairs and slowly sat down on the settee.

‘Let me get this straight,’ said the reporter. In his mid-thirties, he was
broad shouldered and muscular, with rugged features and closely cropped hair.
‘You say you were shot during a bungled robbery at the jewellery store where
you worked, and that Gino Santelli was the culprit.’

‘That’s right Mr ... what did you say your name was?’

‘Walker.’

‘Mr Walker. The thing is, the bullet’s lodged in my chest and there’s no way
the doctors can remove it. Too close to my heart, you see. They told me at the
hospital I could go on living for another year, maybe two. Perhaps even
longer. I have to take it easy, however. Avoid all strenuous activity, stuff
like that. One sudden jolt and it could be curtains.

‘However, the bullet’s moving closer to my heart all the time. And one of
these days it’s finally going to get me. My only consolation is that when I
go, Gino goes. You see, they couldn’t charge him with murder, not as things
stand. But when I die, he’ll be arraigned all over again. And there won’t be
any double jeopardy, either – the D.A.’s seen to that. It’ll be a completely
separate charge. Murder in the first degree. And he’ll go to the chair. It’s
not much comfort, I know. But in my situation, I have to be grateful for
anything.’

The reporter took a sip of whiskey and riffled through his notes. ‘There’s one
thing you’re forgetting, Mr Miller.’

‘Oh, yeah? What’s that?’

‘Your committing suicide. If that were to happen, Gino couldn’t be charged
with murder. He could serve out his current sentence, possibly get parole. How
old is he now? Twenty two? By the time he’s forty he could be a free man
again.’

Jed gave a shrug. ‘I guess so. But that ain’t gonna happen, no sir. I intend
to stick around as long as I can. I want to make sure that punk gets what’s
coming to him.’

Walker rose to his feet and moved to the window. He gazed down at the traffic
below. ‘How high is this apartment, Mr Miller?’

‘We’re on the fifteenth floor. Why do you ask?’

‘Come here, Mr Miller. There’s something I want to show you.’

Jed rose to his feet and moved across to the window. Walker pointed to the
building opposite. ‘What do you think of that, Mr Miller?’

Jed followed his gaze. ‘Huh? I don’t see nothin’.’

In a sudden movement, Walker drove his fist into Jed’s stomach. As Jed doubled
up in agony, Walker pulled open the window and hoisted him up. He held Jed by
the ankles and dangled him over the sill.

‘Hey! What are you doing?’ Jed screamed in terror. ‘Are you crazy?’

The last words Jed heard before he plunged to oblivion were: ‘No, I’m not
crazy. You see, I’m not really a reporter. And my name isn’t Walker. It’s
Santelli. I’m Gino’s brother.’

