### Joe Smozy dreams He's a Street Mulesician by storerway

**Date Added:** 2007-09-13. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   
Poor little Joe Smozy, 52 year old never married homeless guy, everybody's
friend, was just off a three day bout with the delusionary tremens at Bellevue
Hospital in Manhattan, where he had seen snakes and big red eyed rats with
bibs tied around their necks coming out of his hospital room walls in room
5348. He also thought he saw the ghost of Hitler, pacing back and forth at the
foot of his bed, waving a riding crop at him calling him a Vulgarian.  
  
The doctor gave his prognosis. "It looks like you're going to make it Joe, but
you have to swear off before it's too late!"  
  
Joe and some companions had gotten drunk in a rubby-dub party down in an
abandoned New York subway tunnel with the mole people after a friend had
discovered a warehouse full of the stuff, a brand of rubbing alcohol that is
drinkable, but some fool had thrown in a few bottles of the wrong labeled
stuff by the same name. The missing wrong label on the brand they were
drinking meant it was fatal. It was not ethyl alcohol. Rubby Dub as it was
called was considered better than straining canned heat through a loaf of
bread.  
  
On the third night after the D.T.'s Joe had an amazing dream. He dreamed he
was a street musician playing some of his favorite numbers down on a corner in
Greenwich Village.  
  
He had just finished singing a couple of his own compositions, "Bug shot
Booby", and "Rumble at the punk daddy Relay", when the dreaded L Street,
"Intrepid Impeds", came into view around the corner. They were a gang of rich
white kids gone wrong from Queens, and their signature was they used a
corrupted form of speech with the emphasize on the letter "L" for (L street)
where they all lived.  
  
"Hey lelk!" ( Look) said Bilf(Biff), it's thalt dam old streetmulesician
plelking (plucking) on our blelck (block) again without pelking (paying.)
Lelts shelk (shake) him down for some prolteltion (protection) money or we'll
kelk his glelky. So they welked (walked) up to Joe and said, "Velk are you
delking here melker? You knelk you can't plelk here without pelking up? Give
us twelnty dellars and we'll let you go."  
  
Joe said, "I'm just trying to get a few dollars so I can go down to Uncle
Benny's and have a good Chinese dinner."  
  
"Oh,", said Narlfka, "He wants some flied Lice. He thinks he's a chilnaman!"  
  
This was when Malria, one of the gangmember's girlfriends spoke up and said,
"let's slilch off his bells!"  
  
That was when Joe started to run but they soon chased him down hollering
epithets like "Stelp him" ( stop him) Grelb(grab him!, smelsh him (smash) him.
Make him selfer (suffer) Pelnch him (punch) him."  
  
At that moment the Qin Xi Chang gang came around the corner, and Quang said,
"Look Qin!" It's the Impeds harrassing Uncle Benny customah! Let's kelk their
elses, said with spirit. It was five of them again 10 of the Impeds but they
waded into the Intrepid Imped gang and made short work of them using their top
secret Bruce Lee moves. They administered such a heartfelt beating in their
exuberance that the Impeds from that day forward were known for being physical
cowards whose muscles would turn to jelly when seeing their own shadows in a
dark alley. The Chang gang ignored the girl. All the imped girl friends left
them.  
  
Then Qin took Joe to Uncle Benny's and bought him a number nine rmenu special.
Joe thanked them profusly and sincerely.  
  
Then Joe woke up from his dreams feeling much better .  
  
He thought about his Mother who he had never known. He had been raised in an
orphanage and all he knew about her was what an Uncle had once told him who
had one time came to see him.  
  
"Now remember Joe, what I am about to tell you," he had said. "Your Ma was a
devout believer in the bible who never went to any church. She believed the
bible was essentially true, but that the para-phrasers who had no idea how
ancient Hebrew and Aramic had been spoken, experienced difficulties in
translating its subtler meanings, because of synonyms, similes and subtle
inferences only those familiar with the language at the time understood.  
She wondered why The English had burned the English translator Tynsdale at the
stake. She also had a sister who belonged to a church during the great
depression who starved to death because her church didn't bring her anything
to eat after she lost her husband and was living alone. Apparently they didn't
understand the admonition of Jesus who told them to feed his sheep. They were
good people Joe, and I want you to always remember, You're a good man."  

