### On Top of the World by Muff

**Date Added:** 2010-12-02. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** The high crime rate in South Africa makes it necessary for policemen to regularly go on refresher courses. This story is based on true events but the names have been changed and the length of the course shortened to a couple of days 

* * *

“Aaaaaagh! Dad!” Constable Smith whined.

“I’m not your father. I’m Captain Smith. The answer’s no!”

“Captain,” asked female Inspector Griffith. “You say that we can’t manage. Let
us try?”

“What if you don’t make it on the SWAT course?”

“If we’re unsuccessful then you can say no to all other police women.”

“And if you pass?”

“Then you let other police women go.”

The Captain looked at his desk and slowly nodded his head. “You are
persistent. OK.”

“Thank you Captain.”

“Oh and - tell my daughter at work I’m Captain not dad. I see she has
disappeared without being dismissed”

“I’ll do that Captain.”

*

The police women along with the policemen grabbed for a hand hold as the
police canter lurched to a halt on the old abandoned army base.

“Right, every one off! Now!” One of the drill instructors from the Riot Unit
shouted. “Now listen. You will run in that direction,” the instructor pointed
towards the hills. “When you see this truck again, you will know that you have
finished your run. Any questions?”

Silence followed.

“Good.” The instructor banged on the side of the truck as he climbed into it.
It trundled off in the direction of the hills.

Ronel started off after the men running at a great speed.

“Hey Ronel,” Griffith called her. “Come back.”

Ronel trotted back to the other girls.

“Don’t run so fast. I bet you anything it’s the same as in Police College. We
are going to have to run this again at the end of the course. So do a bad time
now and a better one at the end. Deal?”

“Deal.”

*

“So you all made it this far,” the instructor shouted as the women passed the
truck at the side of the road.

“H…h…how far ……was that?” Ronel asked as she stood, hands on her knees trying
to catch her breath.

“That dearie was 10km.”

_Let’s hope the people behind us are really slow_, thought Griffith. _I am not
as fit as I was in Police College._

“Here they come,” Ronel pointed at the distant staggering figures.

“Good,” the instructor clapped his hands. “Divide yourselves into two teams.
Two women on each team. I want to make the disadvantage even.”

“Hey,” Ronel shouted at him. “My dad –“

“Leave it Ronel,” Griffith whispered to her. “He’s trying to rile you.”

“On four chairs in front of each team, there are four identical firearms. The
first firearm needs to be dismantled, the second - assembled, the third -
dismantled and the fourth - assembled. For the team that loses, there will be
an opportunity to even the score, because you will then be doing it
blindfolded. As each team member finishes, the following member will reverse
the procedure. Is that understood?” The sergeant paused before continuing.

Griffith teamed up with Dirkie, a girl from Johannesburg Flying Squad, who had
just moved to the Free State.

“On my Go,” shouted the instructor. “Go!”

Inspector Griffith’s team won both challenges.

“The losing team start running and don’t turn around until you reach the
police vehicle parked down the track. You’re doing a 2.4 kilometre run. Move!”
the instructor screamed.

At the end of the day Captain Smith arrived at the base. “So who wants to
quit,” he asked the assembled platoon. “Constable Smith?”

Pulling her aching body to attention, Ronel responded, “No Dad.”

“I’m not your father. I’m your Captain,” he screamed above the sniggers from
the men in the platoon.

“Yes, Dad. Captain”

Captain Smith shook his head and dug the toe of his boot into the soft earth
and sighed. “I will see you all tomorrow.”

The following day dawned bright and warm.** **

“Today we’re going to start with house penetration. You will all start up here
above the house,” Captain Smith began.

Inspector Griffith looked in the direction where there was supposed to be a
house. It was obscured from view by big pine trees and bushes. The foliage was
really thick and the gnats were enjoying the rays of sunshine penetrating
through the thick, tree top canopy.

“You will make your way down this slope and try to take the house from some of
my men. You will be firing blanks when you cover your partner, as you make
your way towards the house. My people will be firing at you with paint balls,
to show you where you would have been hit in a real life situation. I will
blow a whistle every five minutes. Two of you will start your approach to the
house, each time I blow it. If you are hit, you cannot continue. Wear your
goggles.”

Griffith partnered Ronel. They both watched as two by two the pairs of
policemen ahead of them disappeared into the thick foliage and the shooting
began. There were shouts when penetrating policemen were hit with paint balls
and had to retire from the “mission”.

“Hey Ronel.”

“Yes Inspector.”

“Why are all the policemen penetrating from this side of the house? Yes - we
have to start off on this side, but what if we split up? You go left and I go
right. We make our way out of the firing line and enter through the back door
on the other side of the house. They aren’t expecting that.”

“But my dad said we have to go down this slope.”

“Yes, but in a real life situation, your dad wouldn’t be there telling us how
to do it. What do you say? You could impress your father.”

Ronel’s face lit up, “Okay.”

The whistle went for the two of them to start their advance on the house. Once
out of sight of the Captain they split up - leopard crawling through the
undergrowth to the sides of the house. Griffith could see Ronel watching her,
as they lay flat on their stomachs. Ronel brought her hand up to her ear in a
signal for her to listen. The whistle and the firing had stopped.

“Where’s my daughter and Inspector Griffith? Did you hit them with paint
balls?” Captain Smith shouted.

“No Captain,” came the reply.

Griffith saw Ronel grin. She indicated for them to continue around the house
to the back door. On reaching the back door, Griffith covered Ronel by going
into the house in a standing position, covering the roof and eye level. Ronel
burst into the house in a forward roll that ended in a crouch position,
covering the floor area.

“Freeze, drop your weapons,” Ronel shouted.

“Put your hands behind your heads,” Griffith instructed the four men. Once the
men had been disarmed, Ronel went to the window and shouted to the Captain.
“We’ve taken your strong hold – dad! Captain! The game’s over.”

In front of a flustered Captain and his four riot unit men Ronel gloated.

“That doesn’t count,” one of the riot unit men began.

“Does too!” shouted Ronel.

“I gave instructions on how you were to penetrate the house,” Captain Smith
started.

“With all due respect Captain,” Inspector Griffith began. “In a real life
situation, wouldn’t we take the house anyway we could without injury?”

“Yes - you would but…”

“No buts Captain, we took the house.” The Captain fell silent and nodded his
head before breaking into a smile and wagging his forefinger at her.
“Inspector – you put her up to this!!”

The following two days and nights were spent brushing up on various SWAT
techniques, then the final day arrived.

*

“How the hell must I get over that,” Ronel’s eyes filled with tears. She stood
in front of a very high wall. She was the shortest female on the course.

“Try,” her father ordered.

“I can’t,” she said bursting into tears. “I’m too short.”

“You can.”

“I can’t Dad!” Ronel faced her father, hands on her hips. Her jaw jutted
forward in defiance. “I can’t!”

“Listen guys, we have to get her over this wall,” Griffith whispered to the
other women. “Two teams can go over the wall at once. Let’s arrange ourselves
to go over together.”

“I still don’t see how that’s going to help Ronel, Inspector.” Dirkie shook
her head.

“Dirkie, you bunk me up onto the top of the wall, I then lie flat with a leg
on either side to keep my balance. Ronel bunks Karen up onto the top of the
wall and she does like wise. Ronel then uses the run up technique. Karen can
grab onto her web belt and pull her onto the top of the wall. I’ll do the same
for you.”

“I still think she’s too short Inspector,” Karen observed.

“Your right, change places. Karen you bunk Ronel up onto the top of the wall
and she helps you when you run up the wall.”

“Brilliant, let me tell Ronel the plan,” Karen winked at Griffith.

“Okay Ronel, you can do this,” Inspector Griffith encouraged. “Although I’m
not your partner, I’ll steady you so you don’t fly right over the wall when
you’re bunked up.”

Griffith watched from the top of the wall, where she lay as Ronel was bunked
up onto the wall by Karen. Straddling the wall Ronel sat upright with her arms
in the air and shouted. “Look Dad, I’m on top the world.” Her comment received
laughter from the male personnel.

“Ronel, for the fortieth time, I am not your Dad. You’re on the top of the
wall not the world. Now get your head down and help your partner up the wall.”

Winking at Inspector Griffith she shouted -“Yes Dad. I mean Captain.”

“You’ve learned a good lesson in teamwork here today” said Captain Smith “but
one of you had better learn the difference between a Dad and a Captain
otherwise she’ll be redoing this course!”

The squad laughed.

“Yes Captain,” Ronel said loudly and then muttered, “Ja Pa!”

