### Cat burglars by Muff

**Date Added:** 2010-12-01. **Please leave feedback using form at the end of the story!**   

* * *

**** Intro:** Burglars of a different kind 

* * *

After a two hours delay in peak hour traffic, I arrived home exhausted and
ready for a warm bath and at least two glasses of wine - one for each hour
spent amongst hooters and rude drivers. I could have polished off a case if I
had decided on my long journey to have a glass for every irritant I had
encountered on the way. Had the world suddenly got angry? Oh well - not my
concern - I was on my way home to the countryside away from city hell.

The small holding was as I had left it that morning, peaceful - only this time
drenched in late afternoon sun instead of timid early morning light.

The garden was filled with colour and everything was in place as it was every
work day - everything that is...except my pets. The feline faces that normally
pressed up against the window pane were absent. How strange, but not strange
enough to make me hestitate.

"Flash! Ginger! I'm home my babies? Have you two been snoozing all day? It's
almost time for din-dins" Nothing. The word din-dins always got their
attention. "Flash? Ginger?" I looked down the corridor and saw Flash sitting
upright in the spare bedroom on the bed, pupils dilated and staring at me. I
started to look for a snake as I walked towards the room as I had seen that
look once before when he had thought a Wrinkles was a toy and not a neurotoxic
snake until it cornered him in the very same room in which he now sat.
"Flash?" "Ki-ki-ki-ki-ki-ki-ki-ki." I relaxed. I realised he had done
something wrong as this was his way of answering me back like a naughty child
but that was usually after or during me telling him off. "Flash, what have you
done?" I asked gently. He saw a gap and took it. Leaping off the bed he zipped
past my legs and disappeared into the lounge. I sighed. Glancing around the
room everything was in order. On entering the bathroom, everything was in
order. On entered my bedroom everything was...not...in...order. In the middle
of my bed sat my 10kg, ginger cat as alert as Flash had been. Only this time I
could see that there was something wrong. His silky fur, was all dark and
spiky, what on earth... "Ginger -" I reached out and touched his fur. A slimey
touch greeted my fingers. "What on earth have you and Flash been up to?" I
smelt my fingers. "Olive oil! That could only have come from the kitchen but
that is on the top shelf." I raced into the kitchen and did an almost graceful
combination of a split, twist, run-on-the-spot before landing on my behind in
a pool of olive oil and broken glass. By this time both cats were acting like
themselves again and had joined me in the kitchen although they avoided the
oily bit. While I remained seated on the floor trying to recover my pride,
balance, humour and marvel at how quickly my pets thought everything was okay
because I had joined them in the mess they had created - I looked up at the
cupboard above me and then I knew why this entire catastrophy had happened.
Precariously balanced and supported by the half open door was a packet of
opened Biltong (dried meat sticks), with a few pieces hanging slightly out of
it ready to drop at any moment. That morning Flash and Ginger had watched me
open the packet and cut up a stick for them before leaving for work. They had
also observed where I had stached it away, right on the top shelf where even I
had to go on tiptoe to get certain things out of the cupboard. Once I had left
for work somehow they had communicated with one another with the idea of
getting more Biltong by themselves. Ginger learnt to open every kind of door
imaginable at a very early age - now at the age of 15, he was a pro. Flash
being a light weight and still very agile at the age of 14 was quite capable
of launching himself into the cupboard from the eating nook once Ginger had
opened the cupboard door. What neither of them had anticipated was a full
750ml bottle of olive oil being in the way of the Biltong extraction. Now they
watched me with innocent eyes. Sighing I picked myself off the floor and ran
myself a bath and also a nice luke warm one in the sink too. Both cats had the
one and only bath in their lives that day, they sulked for a week until I gave
them a peace offering of Biltong and microwaved Hake Fillet - then all was
forgot and life continued as it always did in that little peace of heaven
outside city hell.

